---
source_url: http://freestylecombatacademy.mymawebsite.com
final_url: http://freestylecombatacademy.mymawebsite.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:06:14.210Z
---

# Freestyle Combat Academy Units 8 & 9 Phoneix Works, Rear of 93 Windsor Road, Bexhill On Sea, East Sussex, TN393PE.

 ### Book a FREE Trial Lesson #### Tel: 07792758970

 × #### Warning
 Close

 - - -
 Previous Next

 ## Martial Arts Classes In Bexhill - Kickboxing - MMA - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , Submission Grappling. Kids and Adult classes Welcome to Freestyle Combat Academy – Bexhill’s Home of Martial Arts Since 2009
 At Freestyle Combat Academy, we've been proudly serving the Bexhill community since 2009, offering expert training in Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), and Submission Grappling. Whether you're looking to get fit, learn effective self-defence, or compete at a high level, our academy provides a supportive environment for all ages and abilities.
 With dedicated classes for both kids and adults, our experienced coaches are here to help you build confidence, improve fitness, and develop real martial arts skills – all while being part of a positive and welcoming community.
 ### Book a FREE Trial Lesson #### Tel: 07792758970

 ## Kickboxing , BJJ, kickboxing , Submission Grappling and MMA Freestyle Combat Academy run classes 7 days a week in a fun and friendly purpose bult martial arts gym

 Find Out More »
 ## NOVO BJJ TEAM Freestyle Combat Academy is a Member of the NOVO BJJ team headed by Prof Alex Salisbury

 Find Out More »

 ## What People Say "Best AroundReally friendly environment and knowledgeable coaches!"
 Robert McCann-Hawkins
 "Amazing academy! My son takes multiple classes, absolutely loves them, and continues to thrive each week. My daughter recently started as well, and she’s already loving it. The atmosphere is incredibly welcoming—everyone is friendly and makes you feel right at home. If you haven’t joined FCA yet, do it! You won’t be disappointed."
 Monique Law
 "Both my kids and myself train here, Matt's an amazing and patient coach with all the kids. All of the coaches are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, and as a woman everyone at the club makes me feel safe and welcome!"
 Smith
 "Brilliant gym, matt is a highly skilled BJJ coach and kickboxing coach for both kids and adults classes. Highly recommend!"
 Christopher Turner
 "Absolutely sick! Teach well, well handled just great overall. Learnt loads and making stars in the martial arts industry"
 Leonard N'Ganga
 "It does not get better than this place - ever."
 Thomas Richards
 "Amazing team very welcoming"
 Lev Kim

 ## About Us Welcome to Freestyle Combat Academy – Bexhill’s Home of Martial Arts Since 2009
 At Freestyle Combat Academy, we've been proudly serving the Bexhill community since 2009, offering expert training in Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), and Submission Grappling. Whether you're looking to get fit, learn effective self-defence, or compete at a high level, our academy provides a supportive environment for all ages and abilities.

 ### Our Location Units 8 & 9 Phoneix Works
 Rear of 93 Windsor Road
 Bexhill On Sea
 East Sussex
 TN393PE
 Telephone: 07792758970

 ### Contact Us First Name: *
 Last Name: *
 Email: *
 Please leave blank Telephone:
 Mobile: *
 Message:
 I would like to receive updates from Freestyle Combat Academy about promotions, special offers, news and events No Yes

 EMAIL TEXT MESSAGE

 Contact Us

 ##### Latest News - » Victory Weekend for Freestyle Combat Academy Fighters Abel and Austin - » Students of the month - » BJJ British Champion

 ##### Useful Links - Privacy Policy

 ##### Freestyle Combat Academy - Units 8 & 9 Phoneix Works - Rear of 93 Windsor Road - Bexhill On Sea - East Sussex - TN393PE - 07792758970

 myMA Website by

 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Ok
