---
source_url: http://brunsonsmmaandfitness.com
final_url: https://brunsonsmmaandfitness.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:02.427Z
---

Start today! Click here for a FREE Class

 Get
 Started

 ###### Founded by UFC Fighter Derek Brunson ## Our Mission Our mission is to teach the Wilmington community mixed martial arts and self defense skills at the highest levels. We are motivated to teaching our clients practical self defense skills as well as fitness knowledge they can leverage for a lifetime. Whether you are trying to compete at the highest levels of MMA, get in shape or learn self defense, Brunson MMA & Fitness is here to help you achieve your goals.

 Contact

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU GI

 YOUTH BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU GI

 KICKBOXING & MUAY THAI

 ADULTS NOGI BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 WRESTLING

 YOUTH WRESTLING

 YOUTH KICKBOXING & MUAY THAI

 CARDIO KICKBOXING

 - I've been to a few gyms in NC but never felt like I found my "home" gym until I found Brunsons. Derek is down to earth and makes sure to put 1 on 1 time with you. Coach Dre is awesome too. Really Great staff, atmosphere and people that train here. In my opinion the best gym in NC.Alex Strzalkowski - I have loved my time at brunsons so far, the coaches and staff are all incredibly warm and friendly, and my new teammates have been very welcoming as well. The instruction is second to none, and the atmosphere here has been incredible so far. Would definitely recommend.Shannon Mckenna - This place made me a fighter and the atmosphere is by far the best! They work anti bully and the ppl are amazing! the program especially their kids program is superb!Carma Radford

 Read more
