---
source_url: https://www.stricklandsmartialarts.com/blog/5-reasons-teenagers-need-martial-arts-classes
final_url: https://www.stricklandsmartialarts.com/blog/5-reasons-teenagers-need-martial-arts-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:30.629Z
---

# 5 Reasons Teenagers Need Martial Arts Classes!
 Teen Martial Arts Karate Taekwondo
 Jun 19 Written By George Strickland

 Are you worried about the challenges your teen may face as they navigate adolescence?
 Here are some truths why you should continue to keep your kids in their martial arts classes, to help your teen become a resilient and successful adult.
 1️⃣ Stress Relief: Teenagers often face the pressures of studying and exams, but martial arts provide a healthy outlet to relieve stress and improve mental well-being. Our aim is to help your teen maintain good mental health even amidst the challenges they face.
 2️⃣ Confidence Against Bullies: Martial arts training helps teens develop the confidence to face bullies both in-person and online. They'll learn to stand up for themselves and others with courage and integrity. We want your teen to feel safe and empowered in any situation.
 3️⃣ Goal-Getting: Through martial arts, your teen will learn to set and achieve goals, both within and beyond our classes. They'll gain the motivation and determination to conquer obstacles and reach for success. We believe that this skill is key to paving the way for their future success.
 4️⃣ Self-Defense Skills: Martial arts equip teenagers with essential self-defense skills that can serve them well into adulthood. They'll feel safer and more confident in any situation, knowing they have the skills to protect themselves, friends and family if needed.
 5️⃣ Perseverance: Kids are taught through computer games to quit if its not working out they way they want. However, martial arts teach the importance of perseverance, giving teens the resilience to push through when life gets tough. They'll develop mental and emotional strength to overcome any challenge. Our instructors are committed to helping your teen develop this valuable trait.
 We care about your teen's well-being and success, both in and out of our classes. By keeping them enrolled in martial arts, you are providing them with the tools they need to become great adults. Let's work together to support your teen on their journey towards success!
 So, as you can see, there are many unexpected benefits to martial arts training for teenagers. Whether it's improved focus, confidence, coordination, or a sense of community, Strickland’s Martial Arts training classes for teens can provide your teenager with a wealth of benefits that can help shape their lives in many positive ways.

 Being a student is tough work.
 Karate self-defense Taekwondo
 George Strickland

 Previous
 Previous

 Brotherhood in Martial Arts Next
 Next

 This Summer, Your Child Stands at a Crossroads—Which Path Will They Take?
