---
source_url: https://www.stricklandsmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.stricklandsmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:30.923Z
---

Discover the Champion Within at Strickland’s Martial Arts in Flower Mound, Texas.
 # MARTIAL ARTS LESSONS FOR KIDS, TEENS AND ADULTS IN FLOWER MOUND, TX. #### We Love What We Do. We have been serving the local community for 24 years, and teaching martial skills for 0ver 40 years! #### We Are Not Just Another Martial Arts Taekwondo Studio - We Believe We Have A Responsibility To Help Others With Confidence, Fitness And Self-Defense In A Fun Environment Every Single Day! Discover the reasons why families in Flower Mound, Highland Village, & Lewisville, TX turn to Strickland’s Martial Arts for their taekwondo/karate martial arts training. At Strickland's Martial Arts in Flower Mound, TX, our passion goes beyond teaching martial arts. We're dedicated to empowering individuals of all ages - kids, teens, and adults - with confidence, fitness, and self-defense skills in a vibrant, supportive environment. Our unique approach to martial arts isn't just about the moves; it's about inspiring a transformative journey in every person who walks through our doors.
 Our instructors are all personally trained individuals that have met the highest qualifications for instruction and have history with the school. What does that mean? It means that all our instructors have trained in this school from the beginning. We do not hire instructors from outside our program!
 Receive additional details or embark on your martial arts journey today with our Exclusive Online Only Offer!

 GET STARTED
 GET STARTED

 ## CLAIM SPECIAL & SCHEDULE A CLASS TOUR! Get more information about our karate programs, birthday parties or summer camps for you or your child.

 By submitting this form, I agree to receive marketing text messages from Strickland’s Martial Arts at the number provided, using automated technology. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Reply STOP to opt out.

 ☯︎☯︎☯︎
 #### Taekwondo | Muay Thai | Jun Fan Gung Fu | Kali Escrima | Maphilindo Silat ## MARTIAL ARTS AND TAEKWONDO CLASSES FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY

 - KIDS MARTIAL ARTS 🥋 Taekwondo for Kids in Flower Mound, TX.Confidence, Fitness, Fun & Friends.Our children's martial arts program is designed to be much more than just physical moves and techniques. Not only it is a great fun for kids to train in martial arts, our program is a platform for young learners to grow and develop invaluable life skills. As they grow into our Juniors program (ages 6-12), the training evolves to further enhance their confidence, focus, and discipline. These classes also incorporate essential bully defense strategies, empowering them to stand up for themselves and others. KIDS MARTIAL ARTS - TEEN MARTIAL ARTS 🎓 Taekwondo for Teens in Flower Mound, TX.Goal Setting, Social Skills, Bully-Defense.Martial arts for teenagers is an extraordinary journey that combines physical fitness with mental fortitude, offering a unique blend of discipline, self-defense, and character building. In our classes, teens learn more than just kicks and punches; they embark on a path of personal development, where respect, perseverance, and teamwork are as integral as the martial techniques themselves. This engaging and dynamic environment not only hones their athletic abilities but also fosters essential life skills such as resilience, leadership, and self-confidence. By training in martial arts, your teenager is not just learning a sport; they are embracing a lifestyle that champions personal growth and fun, ensuring they are well-equipped to face the challenges of adolescence with strength and poise. TEEN MARTIAL ARTS - ADULT MARTIAL ARTS 💪 Taekwondo for Adults in Flower Mound, TX.Conditioning, Self-Defense, Stress Relief.Our Adult Martial Arts program offers a dynamic blend of kickboxing and traditional martial arts, tailored to provide a rigorous workout that not only burns calories but also cultivates a stronger, more focused mind. This program is perfect for adults seeking to develop their inner strength and self-discipline, alongside practical fighting skills. Each class challenges you physically and mentally, pushing you to new limits and helping you discover your true potential. Whether you're looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense, or simply find a new and exciting way to relieve stress, our classes offer a supportive and empowering environment to achieve your goals. ADULT MARTIAL ARTS

 ☀️☀️☀️
 ABOUT OUR ADDITIONAL PROGRAMS
 ## WEAPONS TRAINING, BIRTHDAY PARTIES & ACTION PACKED CAMPS

 - ADVANCED TRAINING 🥷 Advanced martial arts training in Flower Mound, TX.Weapons, Empty Hand, Self-Defense.Our Advanced Martial Arts Training program offers an immersive experience in the diverse and dynamic disciplines of Jun Fan Gung Fu, Kali Escrima, and Maphilindo Silat. This program is designed for those who wish to delve deeper into the world of martial arts, exploring complex techniques and philosophies from these renowned styles. Jun Fan Gung Fu, developed by Bruce Lee, emphasizes fluidity, speed, and efficiency, blending traditional Gung Fu with modern combat principles. Kali Escrima, a Filipino martial art, focuses on weaponry and hand-to-hand combat, teaching exceptional agility and precision. Maphilindo Silat, a blend of various Southeast Asian martial arts, offers unique insights into balance, flow, and the art of deceptive movement. Our training is not just about mastering the techniques; it's about embarking on a journey of self-discovery, discipline, and respect for these rich martial arts traditions. ADVANCED TRAINING - BIRTHDAY PARTIES 🥳 Birthday parties for kids in Flower Mound, TX.Something New And Fun.Celebrate your child's special day with an unforgettable karate birthday party experience! Packed with an hour and a half of non-stop fun and excitement, our parties are designed to thrill your child and their guests. Watch their eyes light up in awe at the sight of a real katana sword - a perfect photo opportunity to cherish forever. The highlight? Your child gets the exhilarating chance to break a real wooden board, an empowering moment that will leave them feeling like a true martial arts hero. Our karate birthday parties are not just about fun; they're about creating lasting memories, building confidence, and sharing the joy of martial arts in a safe and festive environment. Get ready for a birthday bash that your child and their friends will talk about for years to come! BIRTHDAY PARTIES - CAMPS ⛺️ Camps for kids in Flower Mound, TX.Conditioning, Self-Defense, Stress Relief.Our Rank Advancement Camps at Strickland's Martial Arts are the perfect blend of fun, fitness, and friendship, designed to provide your child with an unforgettable experience.Trusted by parents and adored by kids, our rank advancement camps offers a safe, structured, and exhilarating environment where children can thrive and explore a variety of martial arts. Each camp is packed with a diverse range of physical activities, ensuring your child stays active and engaged.🥋 Train Taekwondo, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Silat, Kali and Martial Arts drills.Each student will be awarded their new belt or chevron and certificate of promotion at the end of the camp.But the fun doesn't stop there! Our martial arts-focused activities include sword handling, nunchaku skills, and bully defense that not only keep them physically active but also teach discipline, respect, and self-confidence. CAMPS

 ❤︎❤︎❤︎
 RECOGNIZED LOCALLY AND NATIONALLY FOR QUALITY
 ## REVIEWS FROM OUR AWESOME MEMBERS

 IT’S EASY TO GET STARTED.
 ## LET US SEND YOU INFO FOR A FREE TRIAL & OUR PROGRAMS

 GET STARTED
 GET STARTED
