---
source_url: http://malandrosbjj.com
final_url: https://malandrosbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:12.994Z
---

# Malandros Jiu Jitsu

 CLICK FOR A FREE CLASS
 CLICK FOR A FREE CLASS

 ## Martial Science “ Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. ” - Archimedes
 We believe in a modern approach to martial arts pedagogy and class structure. While we respect the traditional values of the martial arts, we embrace only that which serves our members. No superstitions, hero worship or outdated paradigms - just high-level technique, taught in a serious but relaxed atmosphere.

 # LINEAGE Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie Sr. > Carlson Gracie > Murilo Bustamante > Marcel Ferreira > Jose Luis Becerra > Virginio Minervini
 “ I am still learning. ” - Seneca

 SELF-DEFENSE
 We love the art and sport of Jiu Jitsu, but the roots of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu have always been self-defense. Our designated white belt curriculum is specifically designed to teach you the most important movements to keep yourself safe first. On the mats, in the cage, or in the streets… We’ve got you covered with Gi and No Gi classes for all levels.

 Expert Instruction
 People often feel overwhelmed when beginning their Jiu Jitsu journey. We aim to turn what feels like an avalanche of information into a manageable framework that empowers our students to actually understand how grappling works, opposed to simply memorizing moves. Each month has a positional or conceptual theme. The month’s curriculum is taught in 2-week segments, each focusing on a different aspect of the months theme.

 DECENTRALIZED TRAINING
 The concept of decentralized training is simple: Empower our students. Guided class-time dedicated to working on your own individual strengths and weaknesses. This allows students of all levels to drill, troubleshoot and collaborate to build the skills that suit them best.

 Membership
 Membership
