---
source_url: http://www.endurejj.com
final_url: https://endurejj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:55.027Z
---

Home mespinoza 2025-10-27T14:31:16+00:00 ## START YOUR JOURNEY TODAY
 There has never been a better time to begin training jiu-jitsu and take advantage of the benefits!
 Training jiu-jitsu gets you into great shape, teaches you important skills that stay with you, and introduces you to a great group of people!
 With TWO great locations, it is more convenient than ever to start your jiu-jitsu journey.
 We’re at 33 Hull St. in Shelton , and 249 West Main St, Unit 11 in Branford!

 LEARN MORE ABOUT ENDURE

 × ###

 ## STRESS RELIEF
 Feeling stressed out? Training jiu-jitsu helps clear your mind while sharpening it at the same time!

 ## INCREASED ENERGY
 Similar to intense workouts, jiu-jitsu helps increase your energy with both cardio and strength training.

 ## STRENGTH
 As you continue to train, you’ll notice an increase in hands, arms, core and legs strength.

 ## BODY AWARENESS
 Training jiu-jitsu helps you understand what your body is capable of and that size doesn’t matter.

 ## HEALTH
 Training jiu-jitsu helps with weight loss, helps relieves stress and clears your mind.

 ## FOCUS
 Jiu-jitsu helps you understand action and reaction, planning your moves, and counters to win.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT ENDURE

 # Classes

 KIDS 5-7 mespinoza 2024-06-01T17:35:55+00:00 #### KIDS 5-7

 KIDS 8-12 mespinoza 2024-06-01T17:29:16+00:00 #### KIDS 8-12

 TEENS 13+ mespinoza 2024-06-01T17:22:35+00:00 #### TEENS 13+

 ADULTS mespinoza 2024-06-01T17:46:30+00:00 #### ADULTS

 Endure has done wonders for my 6 year old son. In addition to learning Jiu-Jitsu from extremely knowledgeable professors, he’s gained confidence, focus, discipline, commitment, and some great friends. Jesse and his staff are great with the kids and go above and beyond to make it an enjoyable experience.
 They offer free trials so check them out for yourself! Highly recommend.

 LINDSAY TRONCONE

 I definitely recommend Endure jiu-jitsu to all. I’ve just recently started and can see these guys are some of the best I’ve known right beside the guys I deployed with while in the military. They are humble, kind, honest and very family oriented. In the short time I’ve been training, it’s been very helpful in teaching me what I need to know. I’m getting in the best shape I’ve ever been in so know this – if you stick with it, it will make you all around a better person.

 JESSE CLARK

 The academy is neat and clean, very close to Shelton downtown and with plenty of parking space! The atmosphere is also great! Jesse is a very patient and knowledgeable instructor that made me feel comfortable and welcomed since my first class. All of the other students are also very respectful, patient and always available to help! One month in and this class has already changed my life, I love how now I feel much better physically and mentally! I can’t thank Jesse and everybody else at the academy enough! I am really happy and enjoying every single minute of the classes!

 THAYNARA BECHUATE

 #### FAMILIES THAT TRAIN TOGETHER
 ## ARE AWESOME

 JOIN NOW

 ## JOIN TODAY
 It is easy to start training today! No scary or confusing contracts to sign ever. We offer convenient autopay and you can cancel any time. Family discounts available!

 ### SAME PRICE - ADULT OR CHILD
 $ 130 /month

 - FREE TRIAL – 1 WEEK - No contracts! - Easy automatic payments - Cancel anytime - Team gis available for purchase or bring your own!
 JOIN NOW

 ##### READY TO START YOUR FREE WEEK?
 Step 1
 Download, fill out our waiver and bring it with you. If you don’t have a printer at home no problem! We have copies at Endure you can fill out. After that you can jump right on the mats with us!

 Download Now!

 ### Step 2
 Wear athletic apparel. Preferably without pockets but no zippers or buttons. Bring flip-flops and a water bottle you can fill/refill at our water cooler. Make sure fingernails and toenails are trimmed.

 Step 3
 Walk in the door! Check the schedule and stop by during the appropriate class time for yourself if adult, or your child. We look forward to training with you!

 ### BENEFITS OF ENDURE
 LEARN MORE

 - Adult and two different kids classes with convenient times during the week and weekend. - Courteous and respectful instructors work with students of all age and ability. - Clean and bright facility that is sanitized with professional grade cleaning products. - Friendly and helpful students of all sizes to provide well rounded training. - Adults and kids regularly participate in competitions – but there is never pressure or expectations to.

 - No egos, no pressure, no nonsense! - Learn Renzo Gracie jiu-jitsu that is proven effective. - Promotions that are earned, not paid for. No nonsense fees at all! - Endure family is your family!
