---
source_url: https://marcelopereirajiujitsu.com/events/2026-ibjjf-world-jiu-jitsu-championships/
final_url: https://marcelopereirajiujitsu.com/events/2026-ibjjf-world-jiu-jitsu-championships/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:33.222Z
---

# 2026 IBJJF World Jiu-Jitsu Championships

 Pre Schedule
 Athletes List by teams
 Athletes List by divisions
 Weight Chart
 Weigh Ins

 ## Register Now Sign in and register for the 2026 IBJJF World Jiu-Jitsu Championships now by clicking here .
 ## Dates Thursday, May 28, 2026 through Sunday, May 31, 2026
 ## Location LBS Financial Credit Union Pyramid (1250 N Bellflower Blvd) in Long Beach, CA, 90840
 ## Prices ### Standard $153.00 (USD) until March 22nd, 2026
 $186.00 (USD) until April 19th, 2026
 $204.00 (USD) until May 17th, 2026
 ### Spectator Entrance Fee Thursday: $25.00 (USD)
 Friday: $25.00 (USD)
 Saturday: $30.00 (USD)
 Sunday: $30.00 (USD)
 * Children ages 12 and younger = No Admission Fee
 * Athletes registered in the juvenile or kids division are allowed to bring one companion on the day they compete free of charge.
 ### Parking Fee Weekdays daily fee: $15 until 5:30 PM / $10 after 5:30 PM
 Saturday & Sunday daily fee: $10
 ## Parking Details Parking lots (inside the University): G11 and G6-G9
 Instructions: enter license plates and purchase parking from the dispenser
 ## Venue Details Venue Clear Bag Policy
 Prohibited Items
 ## Relevant Dates Affiliation Deadline: Tuesday, May 5th
 Registration deadline: Sunday, May 17th
 Athlete Correction Deadline: Monday, May 18th
 Professor Correction Period: Tuesday, May 19th – Wednesday, May 20th
 Registration Checkday: Friday, May 22nd
 Schedule Release Date: Tuesday, May 26th
 Brackets Release Date: Tuesday, May 26th
 ## Belt & Age Divisions Male and Female
 Year Of Birth | Age Division | Belt 2010 | Juvenile1 | Blue, Purple 2009 | Juvenile2 | Blue, Purple 2008 and before | Adult | Blue, Purple, Brown, Black
 *Any athlete who has proven to be a black belt in judo, has fought MMA professionally, has an amateur MMA record or has proven experience in wrestling, Olympic wrestling or Greco-Roman wrestling, can not participate in any IBJJF event as a white belt.
 Proven experience in the U.S. consists of having competed at the collegiate level or higher and in other countries, having competed in nationwide events.
 ## Open Class ### Athletes who placed 1st, 2nd, or 3rd are eligible to register for the Open Class bracket. Juvenile Blue and Purple Belts will have two Open Class divisions:
 1 – Open Class Light, from Rooster to Light;
 2 – Open Class Heavy, from Middle to Ultra-Heavy.
 ### How To Register? The athletes who are willing to register for the Open Class may do so at the event at the Open Class registration table.
 Athletes must register in Open Class within 15 minutes after receiving their medal awards.
 Athletes will not be able to register for the Open Class division after its registration deadline.
 The Open Class start time posted in the event’s schedule it’s an estimated start time only. The division start time can vary throughout the event day due to several factors, such as: number of people registered, previous fight time duration, inside the ring medical care, etc.
 The competitors who are willing to participate in the Open Class divisions must have a flexible schedule, in order to be available for the start time of the division, whenever that may be.
 ### Exceptions Black Belt Adult: All athletes are eligible to compete in Open Class.
 There will be a registration deadline for the Black Belt Adult division, which will be posted alongside the event’s schedule.
 Black Belt Adult athletes who registered for Open Class and do not show up to compete will be disqualified from their weight divisions.
 ## Prizes Black belt adult – Rooster to Ultra Heavy
 80 ranking points required to register
 Athletes in division | 2-8 | 9-16 | 17-32 | 33+ Champion | $7,000.00 (USD) | $8,000.00 (USD) | $9,000.00 (USD) | $10,000.00 (USD)
 Black belt adult – Open Class
 80 ranking points required to register
 Athletes in division | Open Champion | $18,000.00 (USD)
 *Organizer has the right to make all appropriate deductions and withhold any applicable taxes from Competitor’s compensation as required by law, regardless, competitor shall be responsible for the payment of any and all competitors state and federal taxes.
 ## Important Information ### Registration We try to accommodate as many athletes as possible in our events comfortably, but there is a limit on the number of athletes in order to guarantee a high-quality event.
 The registration for this tournament will not be confirmed until the payment is completed (a pending registration does not guarantee the spot in the tournament).
 IBJJF reserves the right to close registration when we reach full capacity, or on the day of the appointed event registration deadline, whichever comes first.
 We strongly suggest that athlete registration is finalized before making any travel arrangements.
 Any false information provided during registration such as, but not limited to, DOB, may lead to immediate disqualification. Such actions are subject to suspension or even banishment from future IBJJF events.
 ### Refund Policy The registration fee is only refundable within 48 hours of purchase. All cancellation requests after 48 hours are non-refundable and non-transferable. However, athletes can contact IBJJF by the Athlete Correction Deadline to be removed from the brackets without a refund.
 IBJJF cannot guarantee the athletes will show up for the tournament. Therefore, IBJJF will not refund athletes who end up without a match due to a non-show for his/her opponent.
 ### Exemption Athletes who are alone in their division are eligible to receive a full refund of the registration if they contact ibjjf@ibjjf.com and request to withdraw their name from the competition on the day of the tournament’s Registration Checkday, before 5 PM (event local time). If the athlete remains alone in the division by 5 PM, the refund will be processed.
 If an athlete’s division becomes populated with an additional athlete(s) on or before the Registration Checkday, the athlete will remain in their division and will no longer qualify for a refund.
 For more detailed information regarding athletes who are alone in their division, please refer to the “Athlete Alone in the Division” section found below.
 ### Competition Day #### Show up Time and Weigh-in It is the responsibility of the athlete to be knowledgeable of the rules and guidelines pertaining to the sport (as outlined in the IBJJF Rules Book).
 It is mandatory to have an official government photo ID or an IBJJF membership card at all times. Before each fight, athletes will be asked to show their valid form of photo identification (ID) to the officials. Make sure you have it on hand.
 If you have any issues regarding your ID documents, please go to the Customer Service booth when it is available, or the Administration Table.
 Refer to the schedule link in order to know when you should be at the event ready to compete and inside the warm-up area.
 Athletes must be physically present inside the gymnasium and in the designated bullpen area at least one (1) hour prior to the estimated start time of their division, as published on the event schedule page.
 Estimated division start times are not guaranteed and may change at any time due to match duration, submissions, medical stoppages, or mat reassignments.
 Athletes are solely responsible for actively monitoring the official bullpen screens , which are the only authoritative source for real-time division calls and bout progression. Failure to be present in the bullpen area and attentive to the screens when a division is called may result in disqualification.
 The division start time posted in the event’s schedule it’s an estimated start time only. The division start time can vary throughout the event day due to several factors that are beyond our control.
 The official weight measurements of this event is in POUNDS .
 Official weigh-in will occur immediately before the first fight. Only one attempt to make weight is allowed.
 Be advised the athletes will be disqualified in their division if they weigh in heavier than the weight listed for the division they registered in.
 Athletes are subject to blood and/or urine testing for any substance or method on the World Anti-Doping Agency (“WADA”) Prohibited List ( click here to view ). You may review the WADA Code by clicking here .
 ### Athletes Under 18 Years Old Athletes 18 years old or younger, who have previously worn a belt from a belt rank that does not exist for their current age range, according to the IBJJF Graduation System, will only be allowed to compete in a belt rank that matches that athlete’s current age group.
 For tournaments with a spectator fee, athletes registered in the Juvenile divisions are allowed to enter with one companion for free on the day they compete, as long as the companion checks in at the entrance venue at the same time as the athlete enters the venue.
 ### Black Belt Adult Black Belt division athletes will need to bring one royal blue GI and one white GI to use for division Semi-Finals and finals.
 Adult black belt male athletes will start fighting on Saturday if your bracket has 5 or more people. The semi-finals and finals will start/resume on Sunday. Every adult male black belt athlete who is in a bracket with 5 or more people may weigh in on Saturday (from 10 am to 5 pm), even if his first fight will not occur until Sunday. If the athlete will fight on Saturday, he must weigh in a few minutes before his first fight per normal tournament guidelines.
 Adult Female Black Belt athletes will start fighting on Saturday until the semi-finals. The finals will occur on Sunday.
 Black Belt athletes who register for the Open Class but do not show up for their Open Class match will automatically be disqualified from their weight division.
 ### Closing out fights For adult black belts only:
 There will be no cash prizes allocated to any athlete that closes out in their finals match of the World Championships. Furthermore, the athletes who close out will also forfeit their rank points for the event, consequently the world title will not count as priority bracket seed for future seasons.
 Please keep in mind that the IBJJF has a disciplinary penalty already implemented regarding immediate double DQ. Here is article 6.1.5 in Disciplinary Penalties: When one or both of the athletes disregard the seriousness of the competition or perform actions simulating a fake combat.
 ### Black Belt Coaching Area If the tournament doesn’t have a coaching area available, coaching will be prohibited within the barricaded area/competition area. Coaching will be allowed outside of the barricaded area only.
 If the tournament has a specific designated area for coaches, only coaches with valid IBJJF Black Belt membership ID will be allowed inside the coaching area.
 Black Belt Coaches will need to have valid membership prior to the competition day. Memberships will not be renewed in person at the event.
 ### Athlete Alone in the Division Posted below are the three options for single-bracket competitors. Single-bracket competitors must inform IBJJF via their registered email which option they choose by 5 PM (event local time) on the event’s Registration Checkday – ibjjf@ibjjf.com .
 In the case that the division becomes populated with additional athletes during the Registration Checkday period, these options will no longer apply and the athlete will remain in the original division.
 #### Option #1 Athletes may stay in their current weight class, make weight, and receive the 1st place medal for the division.
 Once the athlete has had their weight and uniform checked, they will then be eligible to register for the Open Class division in the case that the age and belt division offers an Open Class division.
 Please note: Option #1 is the default option if athletes do not respond to ibjjf@ibjjf.com by 5 PM (event local time) before the Registration Checkday deadline.
 #### Option #2 Move up or down in age and/or weight division.
 By moving up or down in age and/or weight, athletes may be paired with an opponent. However, IBJJF cannot guarantee that an opponent will be available. Athletes may select a second change option in case their first choice of division change is not available.
 Athletes can make their selection(s) after viewing the Athlete’s List by Division. The decision to move up or down in age and/or weight should be made solely at the athlete’s discretion. If athletes choose OPTION 2 to change divisions, please be aware that athletes will be required to make weight for the new division. In order to request to change divisions, athletes will need to specify the exact division that they wish to be moved to. Athletes can specify a first and second choice (limited to the divisions available for the tournament).
 Juvenile division athletes: Juvenile division athletes can move from Juvenile 1 to Juvenile 2 (if applicable) when alone in their bracket on the Registration Checkday. Juvenile athletes will not be allowed to move to the Adult division. The request to move up one age division must be done by the parent / legal guardian registered on the athlete”s IBJJF account.
 #### OPTION #3 Withdraw from the tournament if alone at 5 PM on the Registration Checkday.
 Athletes who are alone in their division on the Registration Checkday are eligible to receive a full refund of their tournament registration fee if they contact ibjjf@ibjjf.com PRIOR to the end of the Registration Checkday deadline. Refunds will be processed after 5 PM (event local time) if the athlete is still alone after the Checkday period.
 ### Teams Each team can only have two athletes in the same division bracket of age/weight/belt. If your team has more than two athletes in the same division, the Professor needs to email ibjjf@ibjjf.com prior to the Professor Correction Period deadline in order to edit their student’s registration. This rule does not prevent you from registering for the event.
 Athletes from the exact same team will not fight against each other before the final match, except in a three athletes bracket.
 ### Medals and Trophy Athletes who place in 1st, 2nd, and 3rd in their division will receive a medal at the event.
 All the medals should be picked up at the event’s podium. IBJJF does not mail out unclaimed or lost medals after the tournaments.
 There will be three trophy groups for this event:
 Adult male
 Adult female
 Juvenile
 ### Tournament T-Shirt Athletes will receive a complimentary event t-shirt which they must pick up at the event’s shirt booth.
 IBJJF does not mail out unclaimed t-shirts after the tournaments.
 ### What Is Not Permitted Inside the Venue Signs/flags are not permitted inside the event facility.
 Food, pets, professional cameras, and guns are not permitted inside the event facility.
 Please note that video recording for social media live streaming of fights will not be allowed at any time.
 ### Organization This tournament is organized by the International BJJ Inc. in partnership with the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation.

 ## More Upcoming Events View Calendar
 -
