---
source_url: https://marcelopereirajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://marcelopereirajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:33.295Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Confidence grows here. One class at a time.
 Try A Free Class Explore Our Programs

 ## Learn how to stay calm in the chaos Training is our outlet. Stress out, strength in.
 We teach you to stay present, create control, and think clearly in difficult situations.
 What you learn on the mat shapes how you respond in any situation.
 - You do not need to be the strongest. - You do not need to be the fastest. - You need to stay focused, respect the process, and keep showing up.
 You will move purposefully, stay composed under pressure, and grow through every step.

 Explore Classes

 ## Start your journey, one class at a time Take your first step and join our BJJ Family.
 We don’t expect you to know the moves, but we do expect you to respect the space, listen, and stay open to learning.
 Whether you want to learn self-defense, lose weight, build focus, get stronger, or try something new, we help you grow through structure and support.

 Try A Free Class

 ## Our Classes We Have A Place For You Here
 Find the right class for you from Jiu Jitsu to Bootcamps

 - Adult Jiu-JitsuWhether you're a beginner or returning after time away, adult classes focus on technique, control, and mindset. - Women’s Only BJJA welcoming space to train with other women, build self-defense skills, and grow at your own pace. - Kids & Teens Jiu-JitsuWe teach kids confidence, discipline, and respect through age-specific training that’s as fun as it is structured. - Ladies Boot CampA full-body workout designed to empower women by burning fat, building muscle, and boosting confidence -
 Try A Free Class
 ## A Professor shaped by the mat
 “I started training in Rio de Janeiro when I was five years old.
 My coach never raised his voice or rushed the learning process. He taught through structure, repetition, and progressions.
 That’s how I teach today.
 I have trained many students from world champions to beginners, so your background doesn’t matter, but your mindset does.
 If you commit to the process, I will help you grow.”
 – Professor Marcelo Pereira

 ## Get Started Tradition and quality. Your World-Class BJJ Academy in SWFL.

 - Try A Free Class - Learn the basics - Keep showing up

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Whether you’re brand new to Jiu-Jitsu or just exploring your options, it’s normal to have questions before stepping on the mat.

 ### What is Jiu-Jitsu and how is it different from other martial arts?
 Jiu-Jitsu is a grappling martial art focused on control, leverage, and technique instead of strength. Unlike striking arts, it teaches you how to defend yourself by taking an opponent to the ground and using position or submissions to stay safe and in control.

 ### Will I get hurt learning this?
 There’s always a risk, like with any sport. But safety is a priority. We teach proper technique, controlled training, and you will train with partners that know how to train responsibly.

 ### What makes Our academy different?
 What makes our academy different is the combination of world-class instruction, a supportive family atmosphere, a strong culture of discipline and growth. Also, it’s a spacious, state-of-the-art facility designed to inspire and elevate every student.

 ### Are You Competitive? Team Marcelo Pereira
 Competing isn’t about ego, it’s about growth. Some students come to Jiu Jitsu because they feel the fire. They want to test themselves. Win or lose, they want to stand under the lights and know they gave everything they had.
 If that’s you, we’ll sharpen your edge. Marcelo has coached world champions from white belt to black belt with his experience as a high-level athlete that brings unmatched insight, strategy, and intensity to every competition team training. Just as important, Marcelo’s helped our competitors become better men and women by teaching them to be calmer, tougher, more focused.
 Here, you’ll train with teammates who lift each other up. We show up with purpose, push each other to grow, and share the journey with respect and heart.

 Join The Team

 ## Two Locations. One Philosophy. Whether you train in Fort Myers or Naples, you will walk into a calm, structured environment where we focus on steady growth through thoughtful coaching.

 View Gyms

 - Fort Myers10994 Metro Pkwy, Fort Myers, FL 33966(239) 245-2170Directions - Naples5556 Yahl St, Naples, FL 34109(239) 245-2170Directions -

 ## Upcoming Events
 View Calender

 - 2026 IBJJF World Jiu-Jitsu ChampionshipsSign up now to compete for our team, Marcelo Pereira Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at the 2026 IBJJF World Championships in Long Beach, California on May 28th-31st.View Details -

 Rating
 5.0 Based on 177 Reviews

 Write a Review Marcelo Pereira Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuhttps://search.google.com/local/writereview?placeid=ChIJd59DV2Qd24gRJAKDgg8BB_M Team Marcelo Pereira Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuhttps://search.google.com/local/writereview?placeid=ChIJxUXekLxq24gR1ROCk8uh2bA

 Caylee Miller January 14, 2026
 Team Marcelo Pereira is a super welcoming place with amazing coaches. They are very supportive of adults with no experience, and their fundamentals class really is perfect for beginners. The coaches are always very encouraging, and they also take safety seriously, making sure you and your partners stay safe whole rolling. It can be intimidating starting a new sport as an adult, especially as a female, but they foster such a supportive and welcoming environment that anyone will feel at ease and be able to make friends quickly!

 Juliana Prestes January 13, 2026
 My son has been training at this BJJ academy and we couldn’t be happier with the experience. The coaches are professional, they truly care about the kids. I highly recommend Marcelo Pereira Jiu Jitsu 🙂

 Gustavo Dantas January 11, 2026
 Top-tier Jiu-Jitsu taught by experienced instructors who genuinely care about their students. Clean facility, great culture, and a family-friendly vibe that keeps people coming back. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

 Load More

 ## More Blogs From The Mat - A Weekend to Remember at IBJJF Pan 2026April 1, 2026Marcelo Pereira - A Christmas Gathering to RememberDecember 22, 2025Marcelo Pereira - How Jiu-Jitsu Prepares Teens for LifeOctober 30, 2025Marcelo Pereira -

 @marcelo_pereirabjj
 1.3K Posts
 10.2K Followers

 ### Team Marcelo Pereira Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu The only IBJJF World Champion Adult division in SWFL
 🌎 World-Class 🥋Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy in
 📍Naples & Fort Myers 🎯Kids & Adults
 💥 Free Trial

 Follow on Instagram

 29
 1

 Join us for a...

 16
 0

 Jiu Jitsu teaches us...

 23
 2

 📍Naples Dojo
 Kids Class...

 10
 0

 Foundation! 🥋This is where...

 24
 0

 Fatigue is normal. Doubt...

 11
 0

 Quality teaching turns training...

 18
 0

 1% better every day....

 20
 1

 What you waiting for?...

 27
 5

 Vince is 9 years...

 16
 1

 Thinking about enrolling your...

 20
 1

 Progress happens when you...

 30
 0

 Get to work! See...
