---
source_url: http://renzogracielakehouston.com
final_url: https://renzogracielakehouston.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:55.097Z
---

Home wpenginep 2022-05-12T07:56:29-06:00 ## Mission Statement ####
 “We are not in the business of selling martial arts. We are in the business of selling confidence. We are in the business of transforming souls to make them shine. It’s not a sport. It’s not a martial art. It’s a lifestyle.” – Renzo Gracie

 Learn More

 KIDS JIU-JITSU
 Our character-building RGLH Kids BJJ Program with classes for children from the ages of 4 all the way through 13. Specialized classes to maximize student-teacher ratio and learning for each age group.

 JIU JITSU FUNDAMENTALS
 Perfect for beginners with no experience but necessary even all the way to black belt. This program places the emphasis on technical mastery of the art.

 ADVANCED BJJ
 Advanced technical and competition training for adults with significant experience and/or those with competition goals.

 Kickboxing and Fitness
 Kickboxing is an excellent supplement to Jiu Jitsu, as well as a great cardio workout!

 PRIVATE LESSONS
 One-on-one or small group sessions with the professor of your choice to supplement your class training now available.

 ## FREE CLASS
 Your opportunity to try a free class and see if this is for you!

 Schedule your free class

 ## MEET OUR COACHES

 Professor Mike Calimbas BJJ Black Belt / General Manager

 Professor Lester Batres BJJ Black Belt / Professional MMA Fighter / Kickboxing Instructor

 READ STAFF BIOS HERE

 “Beautiful academy that is improving their training areas as we speak. Brian is not only a welcoming instructor but a great person who truly cares about his students. Safe and clean school for everyone to train in.” Chris Papandria

 “Great instructor, and great atmosphere. All ages, genders, and belt levels there. Super friendly class. Anyone could go and have a good time learning a practical martial art.” Brandon Johnson

 “Life changing journey. Much thanks to all my training partners, professors and coaches. The instruction is precise & the experience and wisdom is priceless.” Justin Cheung

 “My son loved the class and I can say we are now part of the family. Instructors are great and they expect nothing but the classes attention and no excuses.” Sky Trevino

 ## Try A Class On Us Try a free class at Renzo Gracie Lake Houston before signing up for a memberhsip

 FREE TRIAL
