---
source_url: https://www.cosmictrainingcenter.com/kids-programs
final_url: https://www.cosmictrainingcenter.com/kids-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:12.881Z
---

# Cosmic Training Center

 # Cosmic Training Center Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Alhambra, CA

 # Kids Programs

 # Cosmic Training Center

 ## KIDS PROGRAMS ### Due to COVID-19 restrictions current class offerings are limited and are subject to cancellation or changes. We recommend contacting us before scheduling your first visit.

 ## KIDS JIU JITSU • AGES 6 - 13

 Getting kids involved in sports at a young age is extremely important as it helps them develop their self-esteem, communication skills, and promotes a healthy lifestyle. Additionally, Jiu Jitsu classes can teach children respect and help develop their comprehension skills.
 Our class includes coordination drills, interactive games, and live sparring. Some important drills include the fundamentals techniques and basic judo throws. Most importantly, fun environment gives kids a safe space to enjoy themselves!

 ## TODDLERS JIU JITSU • AGES 4 - 6

 At such a young age, it is important to introduce your child to new and different activities! As their young minds quickly absorb new tasks, their body needs time adjusting. Jiu Jitsu can teach them basic movements that will allow them to pick up new moves and progress faster in the future.
 Our Toddlers program is curated to introduce our youngest students to Jiu Jitsu. The course is designed to build a lasting foundation of fun basic movements that will stick with them for life. Classes incorporate games and interactive sparring to promote learning.

 ## KIDS KICKBOXING • AGES 6 - 15

 Kids Kickboxing is a great way to get kids interacting with one another. These sessions teach kids the importance of identifying a possibly unsafe situation. First and foremost, we teach our students not to engage in physical altercations, but hope to prepare them for the worst case scenario.
 This session also help kids identify possible bullying behavior. By being made aware of real issues around them allow them to react properly. Above all, we want the kids to be conscious while still having fun and learning a great life skill!

 Privacy Policy

 COSMIC TRAINING CENTER115 S GARFIELD AVEALHAMBRA, CA 91801626-284-4255
