---
source_url: https://www.mhbjj.com/program-and-schedules
final_url: https://www.mhbjj.com/program-and-schedules
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:12.917Z
---

##### BJJ Fundamentals
 Focus on the core self-defense principles of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Expect a light workout and to discuss and experiment with different positions. All levels.

 ##### BJJ Advanced
 Open to all levels, this class focuses on the tactics and strategy used at the highest levels of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. You will be drilling movements you are currently working on and sparring from the shared position-of-the-month, with a focus on skill development and building muscle memory.

 ##### Competition Team Training
 This class is geared to active competitors. We focus on building competitive spirit, working to score in high-pressure situations, and go over the strategies and tactics for specific rule sets.

 ##### Open Mat
 Jiu jitsu Gi and No-Gi mixed-level sparring with your teammates. You'll have the opportunity to practice your skills in real time and learn from students of all skill and experience levels.
 Forget about the world and catch some mat time till the last roller goes home.

 ##### Youth BJJ
 All ages learn how to handle difficult social situations, safely gain control of physical confrontations, and practice setting physical boundaries with appropriate use of force by controlling and negotiating instead of punching and kicking. Fighting fire with water.
 ​
 - Ages 4-6: Introduces youth to rough play and physical contact. Activities focus on how to subdue an aggressor.
 ​
 - Ages 7-13: While still focusing on self defense, activities introduce modern sport Jiu Jitsu techniques: a variety of guards, sweeps, and finishing combinations.

 ##### Youth Wrestling, ages 7-13
 Learn the unique techniques and rules of Folkstyle Wresting. This style heavily emphasizes control, pinning, and escaping, and will prepare you for high school and college level wrestling. ​ ​ ​ ​ You will learn the sport from the ground up in a safe, welcoming environment. Wrestling equips you with practical skills that are directly transferable to self-defense scenarios, making it a valuable addition to any self-defense system.

 ##### Home School Youth BJJ, ages 6-14
 Introduce coordination, agility, and heart healthy activity into your child's home school experience while building relationships with others in the homeschool community.​
 ​
 In this class your child will learn:
 - skills to deal with difficult social situations - verbally set boundaries and the physical skills to back them up - when and how to say no - self-defense skills in a safe, clean environment - rough and tumble activities, great for exercise and character building
 This class can fulfill the physical education class requirement for your home school instruction program.
