---
source_url: https://www.southaustinkungfu.com
final_url: https://www.southaustinkungfu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:57.175Z
---

## Kung Fu & Tai Chi for All Ages
 Get Rates & Schedule

 ## Adult Kung Fu
 Adult Kung Fu
 - Self Defense - Fitness - Empowerment​
 ​
 The South Austin Adult Kung Fu Program will help you transform by challenging you physically and mentally. This practice will increase your fitness, energy and flexibility in a fun and friendly environment.
 ​
 We teach an effective form of self-defense that is 1500 years old. Kung Fu was made famous in the US by Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Jet Li , our style has been taught in the US since 1964. You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to become great!

 ## Adult Tai Chi
 Adult Tai Chi
 - Relaxation - Mental Focus - Balanced Health
 ​
 Tai Chi Chuan (Grand Ultimate Fist) teaches you to move with grace and control. This practice is appropriate for adults of any age, even older adults. Learning Tai Chi encourages relaxation, improves balance, leads to deeper breathing, full-body awareness, smooth distribution of energy (Chi) throughout the body and improved health!
 ​
 At South Austin Tai Chi we move slow and gentle, but the energy and power you'll feel will amaze you. Our curriculum includes Chi Kung, breathing exercises, and meditation. We welcome Seniors to our Tai Chi Class with modifications if necessary. Everyone can benefit from Tai Chi practice!

 ## Kids Kung Fu
 Kids Kung Fu
 - Mental Focus - Confidence In Every Situation - Discipline and Perseverance
 Our South Austin Kids Kung Fu program encourages patience, self-discipline, personal responsibility, empowerment, fitness and of course, self-defense skill. We teach your children in a supportive and fun environment.
 You will love to watch them grow and transform as they move up in rank through our system. There is nothing magical about getting a black belt; the magic is who your child becomes on the way to that goal.
