---
source_url: http://www.hmdacademy.com
final_url: https://www.hmdacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:12.445Z
---

## HMD ACADEMY OF TAEKWONDO At HMD Academy of Taekwondo, we focus on more than kicks, punches, and belt rank. Our commitment to "Indomitable Spirit" means developing integrity, self-discipline, resilience, and empathy. We empower students to face challenges with strength, show respect, and become confident leaders beyond the dojang. Join our martial arts community for a character-shaping training experience.
 CELEBRATING 54 YEARS OF SERVICE! | CALL | JOIN |

 TAEKWONDO FOR ALL AGES | READ OUR REVIEWS | Post Your Review

 children Through disciplined training, children develop self-esteem, motor skills, and how to carry through on assigned tasks. | young adults Teenagers and young adults find the training to be beneficial in developing leadership skills, learning self-defense, and preparing for the independence of adulthood. | adults Adults of all ages come to learn stress-management techniques, develop healthier cardiovascular systems, and improve coordination and flexibility.

 TAEKWONDO AS AN ART We are a highly disciplined, safe and fun martial arts academy focused on personal growth. WHAT ARE YOUR TRAINING GOALS? Self-ConfidenceLearn to set good goals and attain them, feel yourself becoming stronger and healthier, and experience greater inner peace.Health and Well-BeingLearn stress-management techniques, develop a healthier cardiovascular system, and improve coordination and flexibility.Self-DefenseLearn realistic street self-defense techniques and develop a greater sense of self-confidence. TRAINinG SOLUTIONS FOR ALL HMD Academy offers a wide range of martial arts and self-managed programs designed to help men, women, and children of all ages to meet their individual training goals. grand master hyong Grand Master Namsoo Hyong began to reevaluate his philosophy and teaching style shortly after becoming the head of his own academy, transforming from a competitive orientation into a cooperative one that emphasizes individual self-improvement. Grand Master Hyong saw that competition was an inadequate means of achieving the goals of martial arts practice: physical, psychological and philosophical development. He thus established Moo Do Taekwondo, which translates as the art of Taekwondo, as opposed to approaching Taekwondo as a sport. In his network of affiliated academies across Central Illinois, Grand Master Hyong continues to develop and teach this unique approach. | what we teach TaekwondoWhile learning traditional kicks and punches, HMD Academy students also receive individualized instruction in the artistic nature of Taekwondo.HapkidoHapkido uses the the natural motions and rhythms of the body to produce a martial art that focuses on close-quarters and grappling techniques. It is an extremely successful form of self-defense.TaekgyeonSimilar to Tai Chi, Taekgyeon utilizes controlled, graceful movements, low-impact blocks, strikes, and kicks, and traditional forms. Gold Medalist Bokyun Hyong offers classes in this ancient martial art.Women’s ClassesFree for all female members, this class is for female students to practice and explore what it means to be a martial artist in a predominantly male arena. Students focus on strength, correct technique, and mental toughness while building a community of friendship and support with other like-minded female martial artists.Self-LeadershipCoaching outside the dojang as well as inside, this program offers valuable lessons for life and every type of work. It encompasses four powerful methods of teaching: Wisdom of Tae Kwon Do, Cutting-Edge Neurology, Achievement Motivation, and Neuro-Linguistic Programming. JOIN TODAY! CLICK TO JOIN | JOIN TODAY! | CLICK TO JOIN
