---
source_url: http://graciegulfcoast.com
final_url: http://graciegc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:55.132Z
---

WELCOME TO GRACIE JIU-JITSU CONTACT US TODAY! JIU-JITSU LEARN JIU-JITUS IN THE HEART OF BILOXI! CONTACT US TODAY! IN THE HEART OF BILOXI! BILOXI'S PREMIERE JIU-JITUS SCHOOL CONTACT US TODAY! JIU-JITUS SCHOOL GET STARTED TODAY GRACIE JIU-JITSU GET STARTED TODAY CONTACT US TODAY!

 ### GREAT EXERCISE Following the exercises your GGC instructor gives you to do will strengthen your legs, core, and upper body. As you train consistently, your body will develop stronger.

 ### CLEAR YOUR MIND You learn to be mentally present in GGC. You learn how to focus your mental energy on whatever task you're attempting, such as finishing a submission or recovering from a difficult throw.

 ### FORM OF SELF DEFENSE It takes time and deliberate practice to learn what to do in a crisis. GGC will improve your knowledge of conflict resolution techniques and how to deal with aggressors.

 ### NEW COMMUNITY Training in GGC creates a bond between teammates. The sport is physically and mentally challenging, so working together is essential for progress.

 #### WHY GULF COAST JIU-JITSU IS RIGHT FOR YOU?

 # Tons Of Options To Choose From!

 - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 #### CHECK OUT OUR SCHEDULE

 # Plenty Of Classes Available

 -

 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday 06.00 - 07.00 | Gi Jiu Jitsu | | Gi Jiu Jitsu | | | | 08.00 - 09.00 | | | | | | Competition Training | 09.00 - 10.00 | | | | | | Open Mat | 10.00 - 11.00 | | | | | | 11.00 - 12.00 | Adult Gi Fundamentals | | Adult Gi Fundamentals | | | | 17.00 - 18.00 | 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals8-14 Yrs Nogi FundamentalsAdult Gi FundamentalsAdult Gi All Levels | 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals8-14 Yrs Nogi FundamentalsAdult NogiAdult No-Gi All Levels | 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals8-14 Yrs Nogi FundamentalsAdult Gi FundamentalsAdult Gi All Levels | 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals8-14 Yrs Nogi FundamentalsAdult NogiAdult Gi All LevelsAdult No-Gi All Levels | | | 18.00 - 19.00 | Open Mat & Q/A | | 19.00 - 20.00 | | 20.00 - 21.00 | | |
 ### Monday - Gi Jiu Jitsu 06.00 - 07.00 - Adult Gi Fundamentals 11.00 - 12.00 - 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.00 - 17.30 - 8-14 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.30 - 18.15 - Adult Gi Fundamentals 18.30 - 19.30 - Adult Gi All Levels 19.30 - 20.30
 ### Tuesday - 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.00 - 17.30 - 8-14 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.30 - 18.15 - Adult Nogi 18.30 - 19.30 - Adult No-Gi All Levels 19.30 - 20.30
 ### Wednesday - Gi Jiu Jitsu 06.00 - 07.00 - Adult Gi Fundamentals 11.00 - 12.00 - 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.00 - 17.30 - 8-14 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.30 - 18.15 - Adult Gi Fundamentals 18.30 - 19.30 - Adult Gi All Levels 19.30 - 20.30
 ### Thursday - 3-7 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.00 - 17.30 - 8-14 Yrs Nogi Fundamentals 17.30 - 18.15 - Adult Nogi 18.30 - 19.30 - Adult Gi All Levels 19.30 - 20.30 - Adult No-Gi All Levels 19.30 - 20.30
 ### Friday - Open Mat & Q/A 18.00 - 20.00
 ### Saturday - Competition Training 08.00 - 09.00 - Open Mat 09.00 - 11.00

 No events available!

 # To Teach And Inspire

 #### At Gracie Gulf Coast Jiu Jitsu, our goal is help you on your want to becoming the best version of you. Don’t wait another day to unlock your true potential.

 CONTACT US TODAY!

 # To Teach And Inspire

 At Gracie Gulf Coast Jiu Jitsu, our goal is help you on your want to becoming the best version of you.
 Don’t wait another day to unlock your true potential.

 CONTACT US TODAY!

 #### Train with experts.

 # Meet Our instructors

 ### Jay Johnson

 ##### PROFESSOR

 ### Jimmy Pearce

 ##### COACH

 ### Mochi ‘The Boss’ Johnson

 ##### COACH

 # Our Mission Is To Help You Succeed

 Learn the gentle and specialized art of brazillian jiu jitsu today.
 The Gracie Gulf Coast Jiu Jitsu team will enure you grow and learn every time you step on the mat!

 CONTACT US TODAY!
