---
source_url: https://www.a-teambjj.com
final_url: https://www.a-teambjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:04.741Z
---

## Over 18 years in business since 2008. A-Team BJJ is located in Garden Grove, California. # ## Voted 2024 Small Business of the Year by the city of Westminster.

 Slide 1 Slide 1 (current slide)

 # A-Team Jiu-Jitsu

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a grappling-based martial art whose central theme is the skill of controlling a resisting opponent in ways that force him to submit. It is a style that uses superior TECHNIQUE in place of strength and power to overcome or submit an opponent. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is in essence a science in which its practitioners learn a systematic approach to utilizing leverage, balance, and position, against a larger opponents weak points. Long time practitioners of the art find that they are really learning to fight by studying the human body.The art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has exploded in popularity in the United States largely due to the achievements and accomplishments of the legendary Royce Gracie from the early days of the Ultimate fighting Championships ( U.F.C. ) in the 1990s. What Royce set out to do was to show the world the effectiveness of the art by fighting in a tournament style fashion against larger opponents from various arts including boxing, karate, taekwondo, and many more. In the end he won, and the boom of Mixed Martial Arts or M.M.A. had begun. A-Team Jiu-Jitsu is dedicated to the highest quality of martial arts training. We are committed to continually enhancing our program to address exercise, drills, safety tips and a realistic approach to self-defense situations. We “Build Confidence Through Achievement” and provide an environment conducive to positive relationships, fostering self-discipline and self-confidence and self-respect.
 ### Program Benefits - Facilitates weight loss - Promotes functional strength - Helps relieve stress through physical activity - Teaches you how to protect yourself and your loved ones - Improves coordination, flexibility and balance - Team building atmosphere - Fosters self-confidence

 ## Start your 30 Day Free Trial! For all beginners who are interested in trying out our classes, we offer a FREE 30 DAY TRIAL! This gives you time to really get a feel for how we run our program. We have 100% belief you will absolutely love it! In addition to the 30 DAY FREE TRIAL, we also offer a FREE INTRODUCTORY PRIVATE LESSON with one of our knowledgeable coaches to help you get started! Call us to schedule or send us an e-mail and get started TODAY!
 E-mail us at info@a-teambjj.com
 (30 day free trial applies only to ADULTS)
 (Free Private Lesson applies to BOTH kids and adults)

 # Welcome to A-Team BJJ #### Here at our martial arts academy, located in Garden Grove, California, we provide a family-friendly environment that is widely known and respected throughout the jiu-jitsu community. We provide jiu-jitsu classes for kids and adults of all ages and levels. Our new facility is over 5,000 square feet and includes 2 bathrooms, 2 changing room, pro shop, mirrors, huge mat space, and ample parking. We take pride in keeping a clean, safe, and sanitary training facility in order to meet the strictest standards.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Kickboxing Class Schedule Law Enforcement Partnership

 ## Let’s Work Together We’re always looking for new opportunities and are comfortable working internationally. Please get in touch and one of our project managers will contact you about beginning the proposal process.

 Contact Us
 Contact Us
