---
source_url: http://www.elite-jiujitsu.com/adults
final_url: https://www.elite-jiujitsu.com/adults
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.045Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Adults in Livonia, Michigan

 Our program for adults is designed to increase athleticism and flexibility. It will also help you lose weight and gain muscle. You don’t need to “get into shape” before coming to Elite — come here so that you can get in shape.

 ## “But I’m too old.”

 No you’re not! If you’re still alive, you’re not too old to train! Here at Elite, we have students as young as five and as old as 75. Aging is a natural process, and if you have back pain, joint pain, chronic issues, or any other “ailment,” we can always work around that.
 The legendary Hélio Gracie, who was one of the founders of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, was training up until 10 days before his death at the age of 95. Jiu-Jitsu is a sport that you can practice for an entire lifetime, regardless of your physical shape, flexibility (or inflexibility), or age.

 ## “But I don’t have time.”

 We know life is busy. Between work, kids, your kids’ activities, family commitments, and everything else, it can be easy to overlook your own physical and mental health.
 Consider training at Elite Jiu-Jitsu as an investment in yourself. The time you spend training transforms you into a better person, which means you are better for your spouse, your kids, your co-workers, your friends, and everybody else in your orbit. Can’t you spare three hours a week to invest in yourself?

 ## “I have always wanted to do martial arts but never got around to it.”

 We have met a number of adults who say they had always wanted to do martial arts since they were a kid, but they never did it. When we ask them why not, it oftentimes comes down to the fact that they simply never took the first step onto the mat, but once they do it, they wish they would have done it sooner.
 If you have always wanted to do martial arts but never took that first step, click the button below or give us a call. Our phone number is on every single page of this website. We look forward to hearing from you!

 Contact Elite
 Contact Elite
