---
source_url: http://www.elite-jiujitsu.com/kids
final_url: https://www.elite-jiujitsu.com/kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.133Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Kids in Livonia, Michigan

 Generally speaking, kids who do martial arts…
 - Display more confidence than kids who don’t - Are in better physical shape and less prone to injury - Tend to achieve higher grades in school - Are better-equipped to deal with conflict

 ## We want our students to live up to their full potential. Parents bring their children to us for a variety of reasons. Sometimes, it’s because that bully at school will not let up, even after teacher and principal intervention. Other times, it’s because the child does not want to listen at home—getting him to do the simplest of chores is difficult. Still in other situations, a recent ADHD diagnosis has left the parents feeling empty and hopeless, that their child will never achieve academic, athletic, or even professional success.

 ## We are here to help. Here at Elite, we believe it takes a village to raise a child. And we believe that Elite should be part of your village.
 We also believe that martial arts isn’t part of your child’s recreational activities—it’s also part of her education. In other words, kids don’t come to Elite just to have fun… they come here to learn, grow, and blossom into good kids who have life skills, like knowing how to make friends, stand up to bullies, and stick to their values.
 Training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu will not transform your life or your child’s life overnight, but it will provide the structure that is needed to navigate focus issues, anxiety, disobedience, and other “negative” character traits. Through positive reinforcement, good role models, goal setting, achievement, and the avenue that is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, your child will want to keep coming to BJJ class.

 ## Want to give it a try?

 If you are ready for your son or daughter receive the benefits from training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, please click the button below!

 Contact Elite
 Contact Elite
