---
source_url: http://www.lloydirvin.com
final_url: http://www.lloydirvin.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:55.691Z
---

Share!
 | 301-449-KICK (5425) Home Mixed Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Thai Boxing Kids Program Women's Bootcamp Teens MMA | 301-449-KICK (5425) | Home Mixed Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Thai Boxing Kids Program Women's Bootcamp Teens MMA
 Team Lloyd Irvin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu In Maryland News In Maryland Photos In Maryland Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Schedule Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Schools Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructors Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Commercial Gracie Juu-Jitsu Private Lessons Black Belt Club Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Summer Camp Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Self Defense Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu After School Program Articles Schedule Contact Us | Team Lloyd Irvin | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu In Maryland | | News In Maryland | | Photos In Maryland | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Schedule | | Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Schools | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructors | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Commercial | | Gracie Juu-Jitsu Private Lessons | | Black Belt Club | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Summer Camp | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Self Defense | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu After School Program | | Articles | | Schedule | | Contact Us | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | If you are interested in our Adult Martial Arts Program, please Click Here. If you are interested in our Women Only Fitness Bootcamp, please Click Here. If you are interested in our Kids Martial Arts Program, please Click Here. Welcome to Team Lloyd Irvin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Maryland (BJJ) and Muay Thai Boxing Maryland, Virginia and DC’s own Lloyd Irvin is a Brazilan Jiu-Jitsu, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Grappling Hall of Fame Inductee. He is now offering Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Maryland and a FREE 30 Day Trial of his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Maryland (BJJ), Thai Kick Boxing , Maryland Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts program. Lloyd Irvin also has kids karate classes and an after school karate program where they transport kids from local schools in maryland to do jiu jitsu. If your interested in karate lessons for children in maryland you’ll find valuable information by visiting Lloyd Irvin’s Martial Arts kids karate and after school program website by clicking the link below. 30 Days Free to try our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai Boxing and MMA class and experience for yourself why Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Kickboxing is the hottest Martial Art around. Try our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Free 30 Day Trial. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai Kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts Free 30 Day Trial Boxing students in Maryland and Virginia are learning the great art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing, and Boxing from Grappling Hall of Fame member Lloyd Irvin Jr. Lloyd has represented Gracie Jiu-Jitu (GJJ) and Muay Thai in Mixed Martial Arts and is a pioneer in the Maryland, Virginia and Dc area. Forming Maryland's first Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing fight team and competing in Mixed Martial Arts in Virginia as well. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Kickboxing is a serious matter and you should find a qualified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) instructor to study Grappling with. If you live in the Maryland, Virginia and Washington DC area you owe it to yourself to check out our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai Boxing program. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here If you live in another state and are currently training in Boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ), Mixed Martial Arts or Muay Thai Kick Boxing but are thinking about moving to Maryland, Virginia or DC please give us a call so we can show you what our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing program has to offer. We have locations in Prince George's County and throughout Northern Virginia. Lloyd Irvin is Maryland's first home grown Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Black Belt and he has dedicated his life to Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ). Call now to take advantage of our 30 day Free Mixed Martial Arts trial. You can call (301) 449-KICK or click here to get full details of our 30 Free Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Boxing offer. But do not delay. Our MMA, Kickbxoing , Grappling and Ju-Jitsu programs fill quickly. You should know that the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) (commonly referred to as "Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)") and Muay Thai (commonly referred to as “Thai Boxing”) is a very serious matter in Maryland. A student training in Maryland, Virginia or DC should expect the finest level of Grappling and Muay Thai instruction. Maryland Ju Jitsu and Kickboxing competitors are among some of the best in the country. You can try our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing program absolutely free to see if Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai is for you. In addition, to our Maryland Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Kickboxing schools we have Mixed Martial Arts locations in Arlington Va. Alexandria Va, Falls Church Va and Woodbridge Va. Lloyd Irvin's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) just recently won the Grappling Rated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Submission Wrestling Championship team of the year. It was a great honor winning the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Submission wrestling team title. Everyone on our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) team works really hard so they deserved it. Lloyd Irvin Jr. Braziian Jiu-Jitsu schools train their grappling students to always go for submission. Thai Boxing schools train their kickboxing students to always go for the knock out. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) stresses the submission and all Ju-Jitsu players must have a submission mindset. Muay Thai stresses powerful knees, elbows and kicks. Training in Maryland can drastically decrease your monthy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing fees compared to West Coast Gracie schools. Students get a great workout as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing uses the entire body. Men, Women and children will benefit from training in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Muay Thai. No matter what your reason, fitness, self defense or just to meet new friends. No matter if your interest is in fitness, self-defense, or just to have a great time, you'll love our Mixed Martial Arts program. As we have developed our students' abilities, we would like to do the same for you. We believe that martial arts presents a holistic approach to the development and building of moral character, grounded ethics, sportsmanship, and fair play. These intangibles, along with the ability to defend oneself, are immeasurable and beneficial to all individuals. Act now to speak with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) staff in Maryland You can call at (301) 449-KICK. Feel free to call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. After hours, the answering service will work with you and our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ)/Thai Boxing staff in Maryland will call you back as soon as possible, including weekends and most evenings until 10:00 p.m. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here When it comes to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing in Maryland, you've come to the right place! There are many different factors that play into choosing the right Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Muay Thai school. We feel that the most important factor in choosing a Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) or Kickboxing school should be getting what you pay for. What you are paying for should be first-rate Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Kickboxing instruction and a friendly environment in which to learn these arts. When you train at Lloyd Irvin's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Thai Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts school, you will be training under highly trained instructors who go through a grueling 10-week instructor training course twice a year with Lloyd. Customer service is one of our main priorities. Whatever you need, our staff will be there to assist you. One thing that separates our Mixed Martial Arts School from all of the others is that we have a specialized MMA system (curriculum) that we teach. This Jiu-Jitsu system is one of the secrets to our team's success. Most Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ), Thai Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts schools have no curriculum and basically the instructor teaches whatever may pop into their heads each night for class. We believe in setting short-, intermediate-, and long-term goals in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing, and then putting a plan in place to reach each of these goals. Also Team Lloyd Irvin Mixed Martial Arts doesn't just concentrate on helping students develop their skills technically and physically, but also MENTALLY! Lloyd is the world's leading expert on Developing Mental Skills for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and the Combat Sports World World. Don't wait. Call Lloyd Irvin's Mixed Martial Arts Academy now at (301) 449-KICK for a free 30 day trial and to learn more about our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing School. Come see for yourself why Lloyd Irvin's Mixed Martial Arts team in Maryland, Virginia and Dc is one of the top teams in the country. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here Like most instructors, Mr. Irvin is willing to explain to you exactly how he'll help you reach your goals with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing program and your options at no charge. Why not take Mr. Irvin up on his offer to try our program for a full 30 days Free. You can talk to him personally -- on the phone, in his office, or by email. The consultation is free. The value to you and your future could be priceless! Call Team Lloyd Irvin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) (301) 449-KICK Martial arts is a powerful complement to any young athlete's training, enhancing coordination, strength, and mental focus. At Lloyd Irvin's Martial Arts Academy, we believe martial arts helps kids excel in other sports by developing discipline, agility, and resilience. Our own story is a testament to this - Lloyd Irvin, the owner's son, played football from childhood through high school, all while winning multiple Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu championships. His dedication to martial arts sharpened his athleticism, earning him over 30 college football offers and a Division 1 scholarship to the University of Maryland, where he plays cornerback. Martial arts doesn't just build better fighters - it builds better athletes. Click here to know more Click Below To Learn More About Our Programs | If you are interested in our Adult Martial Arts Program, please Click Here. If you are interested in our Women Only Fitness Bootcamp, please Click Here. If you are interested in our Kids Martial Arts Program, please Click Here. | If you are interested in our Adult Martial Arts Program, please Click Here. | If you are interested in our Women Only Fitness Bootcamp, please Click Here. | If you are interested in our Kids Martial Arts Program, please Click Here. | Welcome to Team Lloyd Irvin | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Maryland (BJJ) and Muay Thai Boxing Maryland, Virginia and DC’s own Lloyd Irvin is a Brazilan Jiu-Jitsu, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Grappling Hall of Fame Inductee. He is now offering Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Maryland and a FREE 30 Day Trial of his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Maryland (BJJ), Thai Kick Boxing , Maryland Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts program. | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Maryland (BJJ) and Muay Thai Boxing Maryland, Virginia and DC’s own Lloyd Irvin is a Brazilan Jiu-Jitsu, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Grappling Hall of Fame Inductee. He is now offering Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Maryland and a FREE 30 Day Trial of his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Maryland (BJJ), Thai Kick Boxing , Maryland Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts program. | | Lloyd Irvin also has kids karate classes and an after school karate program where they transport kids from local schools in maryland to do jiu jitsu. If your interested in karate lessons for children in maryland you’ll find valuable information by visiting Lloyd Irvin’s Martial Arts kids karate and after school program website by clicking the link below. 30 Days Free to try our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai Boxing and MMA class and experience for yourself why Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Kickboxing is the hottest Martial Art around. Try our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Free 30 Day Trial. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai Kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts Free 30 Day Trial Boxing students in Maryland and Virginia are learning the great art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing, and Boxing from Grappling Hall of Fame member Lloyd Irvin Jr. Lloyd has represented Gracie Jiu-Jitu (GJJ) and Muay Thai in Mixed Martial Arts and is a pioneer in the Maryland, Virginia and Dc area. Forming Maryland's first Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing fight team and competing in Mixed Martial Arts in Virginia as well. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Kickboxing is a serious matter and you should find a qualified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) instructor to study Grappling with. If you live in the Maryland, Virginia and Washington DC area you owe it to yourself to check out our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai Boxing program. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here If you live in another state and are currently training in Boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ), Mixed Martial Arts or Muay Thai Kick Boxing but are thinking about moving to Maryland, Virginia or DC please give us a call so we can show you what our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing program has to offer. We have locations in Prince George's County and throughout Northern Virginia. Lloyd Irvin is Maryland's first home grown Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Black Belt and he has dedicated his life to Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ). Call now to take advantage of our 30 day Free Mixed Martial Arts trial. You can call (301) 449-KICK or click here to get full details of our 30 Free Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Boxing offer. But do not delay. Our MMA, Kickbxoing , Grappling and Ju-Jitsu programs fill quickly. You should know that the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) (commonly referred to as "Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)") and Muay Thai (commonly referred to as “Thai Boxing”) is a very serious matter in Maryland. A student training in Maryland, Virginia or DC should expect the finest level of Grappling and Muay Thai instruction. Maryland Ju Jitsu and Kickboxing competitors are among some of the best in the country. You can try our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing program absolutely free to see if Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai is for you. In addition, to our Maryland Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Kickboxing schools we have Mixed Martial Arts locations in Arlington Va. Alexandria Va, Falls Church Va and Woodbridge Va. Lloyd Irvin's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) just recently won the Grappling Rated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Submission Wrestling Championship team of the year. It was a great honor winning the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Submission wrestling team title. Everyone on our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) team works really hard so they deserved it. Lloyd Irvin Jr. Braziian Jiu-Jitsu schools train their grappling students to always go for submission. Thai Boxing schools train their kickboxing students to always go for the knock out. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) stresses the submission and all Ju-Jitsu players must have a submission mindset. Muay Thai stresses powerful knees, elbows and kicks. Training in Maryland can drastically decrease your monthy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing fees compared to West Coast Gracie schools. Students get a great workout as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing uses the entire body. Men, Women and children will benefit from training in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Muay Thai. No matter what your reason, fitness, self defense or just to meet new friends. No matter if your interest is in fitness, self-defense, or just to have a great time, you'll love our Mixed Martial Arts program. As we have developed our students' abilities, we would like to do the same for you. We believe that martial arts presents a holistic approach to the development and building of moral character, grounded ethics, sportsmanship, and fair play. These intangibles, along with the ability to defend oneself, are immeasurable and beneficial to all individuals. Act now to speak with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) staff in Maryland You can call at (301) 449-KICK. Feel free to call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. After hours, the answering service will work with you and our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ)/Thai Boxing staff in Maryland will call you back as soon as possible, including weekends and most evenings until 10:00 p.m. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here When it comes to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing in Maryland, you've come to the right place! There are many different factors that play into choosing the right Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Muay Thai school. We feel that the most important factor in choosing a Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) or Kickboxing school should be getting what you pay for. What you are paying for should be first-rate Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Kickboxing instruction and a friendly environment in which to learn these arts. When you train at Lloyd Irvin's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Thai Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts school, you will be training under highly trained instructors who go through a grueling 10-week instructor training course twice a year with Lloyd. Customer service is one of our main priorities. Whatever you need, our staff will be there to assist you. One thing that separates our Mixed Martial Arts School from all of the others is that we have a specialized MMA system (curriculum) that we teach. This Jiu-Jitsu system is one of the secrets to our team's success. Most Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ), Thai Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts schools have no curriculum and basically the instructor teaches whatever may pop into their heads each night for class. We believe in setting short-, intermediate-, and long-term goals in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing, and then putting a plan in place to reach each of these goals. Also Team Lloyd Irvin Mixed Martial Arts doesn't just concentrate on helping students develop their skills technically and physically, but also MENTALLY! Lloyd is the world's leading expert on Developing Mental Skills for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and the Combat Sports World World. Don't wait. Call Lloyd Irvin's Mixed Martial Arts Academy now at (301) 449-KICK for a free 30 day trial and to learn more about our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing School. Come see for yourself why Lloyd Irvin's Mixed Martial Arts team in Maryland, Virginia and Dc is one of the top teams in the country. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here Like most instructors, Mr. Irvin is willing to explain to you exactly how he'll help you reach your goals with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing program and your options at no charge. Why not take Mr. Irvin up on his offer to try our program for a full 30 days Free. You can talk to him personally -- on the phone, in his office, or by email. The consultation is free. The value to you and your future could be priceless! Call Team Lloyd Irvin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) (301) 449-KICK Martial arts is a powerful complement to any young athlete's training, enhancing coordination, strength, and mental focus. At Lloyd Irvin's Martial Arts Academy, we believe martial arts helps kids excel in other sports by developing discipline, agility, and resilience. Our own story is a testament to this - Lloyd Irvin, the owner's son, played football from childhood through high school, all while winning multiple Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu championships. His dedication to martial arts sharpened his athleticism, earning him over 30 college football offers and a Division 1 scholarship to the University of Maryland, where he plays cornerback. Martial arts doesn't just build better fighters - it builds better athletes. Click here to know more Click Below To Learn More About Our Programs | Lloyd Irvin also has kids karate classes and an after school karate program where they transport kids from local schools in maryland to do jiu jitsu. If your interested in karate lessons for children in maryland you’ll find valuable information by visiting Lloyd Irvin’s Martial Arts kids karate and after school program website by clicking the link below. | | 30 Days Free to try our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai Boxing and MMA class and experience for yourself why Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Kickboxing is the hottest Martial Art around. Try our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Free 30 Day Trial. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai Kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts Free 30 Day Trial | Boxing students in Maryland and Virginia are learning the great art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing, and Boxing from Grappling Hall of Fame member Lloyd Irvin Jr. Lloyd has represented Gracie Jiu-Jitu (GJJ) and Muay Thai in Mixed Martial Arts and is a pioneer in the Maryland, Virginia and Dc area. Forming Maryland's first Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing fight team and competing in Mixed Martial Arts in Virginia as well. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Kickboxing is a serious matter and you should find a qualified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) instructor to study Grappling with. If you live in the Maryland, Virginia and Washington DC area you owe it to yourself to check out our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai Boxing program. | TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . | Click Here | If you live in another state and are currently training in Boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ), Mixed Martial Arts or Muay Thai Kick Boxing but are thinking about moving to Maryland, Virginia or DC please give us a call so we can show you what our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing program has to offer. We have locations in Prince George's County and throughout Northern Virginia. Lloyd Irvin is Maryland's first home grown Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Black Belt and he has dedicated his life to Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ). Call now to take advantage of our 30 day Free Mixed Martial Arts trial. You can call (301) 449-KICK or click here to get full details of our 30 Free Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Boxing offer. But do not delay. Our MMA, Kickbxoing , Grappling and Ju-Jitsu programs fill quickly. You should know that the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) (commonly referred to as "Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)") and Muay Thai (commonly referred to as “Thai Boxing”) is a very serious matter in Maryland. A student training in Maryland, Virginia or DC should expect the finest level of Grappling and Muay Thai instruction. Maryland Ju Jitsu and Kickboxing competitors are among some of the best in the country. You can try our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing program absolutely free to see if Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai is for you. In addition, to our Maryland Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Kickboxing schools we have Mixed Martial Arts locations in Arlington Va. Alexandria Va, Falls Church Va and Woodbridge Va. Lloyd Irvin's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) just recently won the Grappling Rated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Submission Wrestling Championship team of the year. It was a great honor winning the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Submission wrestling team title. Everyone on our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) team works really hard so they deserved it. Lloyd Irvin Jr. Braziian Jiu-Jitsu schools train their grappling students to always go for submission. Thai Boxing schools train their kickboxing students to always go for the knock out. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) stresses the submission and all Ju-Jitsu players must have a submission mindset. Muay Thai stresses powerful knees, elbows and kicks. Training in Maryland can drastically decrease your monthy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing fees compared to West Coast Gracie schools. Students get a great workout as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing uses the entire body. Men, Women and children will benefit from training in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Muay Thai. No matter what your reason, fitness, self defense or just to meet new friends. No matter if your interest is in fitness, self-defense, or just to have a great time, you'll love our Mixed Martial Arts program. As we have developed our students' abilities, we would like to do the same for you. We believe that martial arts presents a holistic approach to the development and building of moral character, grounded ethics, sportsmanship, and fair play. These intangibles, along with the ability to defend oneself, are immeasurable and beneficial to all individuals. Act now to speak with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) staff in Maryland You can call at (301) 449-KICK. Feel free to call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. After hours, the answering service will work with you and our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ)/Thai Boxing staff in Maryland will call you back as soon as possible, including weekends and most evenings until 10:00 p.m. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here When it comes to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing in Maryland, you've come to the right place! There are many different factors that play into choosing the right Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Muay Thai school. We feel that the most important factor in choosing a Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) or Kickboxing school should be getting what you pay for. What you are paying for should be first-rate Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Kickboxing instruction and a friendly environment in which to learn these arts. When you train at Lloyd Irvin's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Thai Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts school, you will be training under highly trained instructors who go through a grueling 10-week instructor training course twice a year with Lloyd. Customer service is one of our main priorities. Whatever you need, our staff will be there to assist you. One thing that separates our Mixed Martial Arts School from all of the others is that we have a specialized MMA system (curriculum) that we teach. This Jiu-Jitsu system is one of the secrets to our team's success. Most Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ), Thai Boxing and Mixed Martial Arts schools have no curriculum and basically the instructor teaches whatever may pop into their heads each night for class. We believe in setting short-, intermediate-, and long-term goals in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing, and then putting a plan in place to reach each of these goals. Also Team Lloyd Irvin Mixed Martial Arts doesn't just concentrate on helping students develop their skills technically and physically, but also MENTALLY! Lloyd is the world's leading expert on Developing Mental Skills for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and the Combat Sports World World. Don't wait. Call Lloyd Irvin's Mixed Martial Arts Academy now at (301) 449-KICK for a free 30 day trial and to learn more about our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (GJJ) and Thai Boxing School. Come see for yourself why Lloyd Irvin's Mixed Martial Arts team in Maryland, Virginia and Dc is one of the top teams in the country. TRY OUR PROGRAM FOR 30 FREE DAYS. CLICK THE BLUE LINK BELOW TO SEE HOW For A Comprehensive Overview Of Our 30 Day Free Program And To See Our TV COMMERCIALS . Click Here Like most instructors, Mr. Irvin is willing to explain to you exactly how he'll help you reach your goals with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Thai Boxing program and your options at no charge. Why not take Mr. Irvin up on his offer to try our program for a full 30 days Free. You can talk to him personally -- on the phone, in his office, or by email. The consultation is free. The value to you and your future could be priceless! Call Team Lloyd Irvin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) (301) 449-KICK Martial arts is a powerful complement to any young athlete's training, enhancing coordination, strength, and mental focus. At Lloyd Irvin's Martial Arts Academy, we believe martial arts helps kids excel in other sports by developing discipline, agility, and resilience. Our own story is a testament to this - Lloyd Irvin, the owner's son, played football from childhood through high school, all while winning multiple Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu championships. His dedication to martial arts sharpened his athleticism, earning him over 30 college football offers and a Division 1 scholarship to the University of Maryland, where he plays cornerback. Martial arts doesn't just build better fighters - it builds better athletes. | Click here to know more | Click Below To Learn More About Our Programs | | | | | | | | | Check Out These Latest News 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. Testmonials I have learned skills that could save my life one day, the instructors are the greatest and we get in great shape. It's great for females Nyjah Easton Multiple Time National Champion World Medalist Grapplers Quest Champion "I Learned More From Master Lloyd Irvin In Three Months Than I Did In The Previous Three And A Half Years Of Training." Derek J. Herrera Midshipman 2/C US Navy # Grappler's Quest: Beast of the East Blue Belt Light Heavy weight champion | | | Check Out These | Latest News | 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. | | 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. | | 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. | | 2006/06/08 If you want to be the best, you have to train with the best. | | | | Testmonials | | I have learned skills that could save my life one day, the instructors are the greatest and we get in great shape. It's great for females Nyjah Easton Multiple Time National Champion World Medalist Grapplers Quest Champion | | | "I Learned More From Master Lloyd Irvin In Three Months Than I Did In The Previous Three And A Half Years Of Training." Derek J. Herrera Midshipman 2/C US Navy # Grappler's Quest: Beast of the East Blue Belt Light Heavy weight champion
 # Chat With Me Live!
 Home | About us | Gallery | Traning Videos | MMA BJJ Articles |Press Relase © 1996, Maryalnd Brazlian Jiu-Jitsu Lloyd Irvin
