---
source_url: http://www.primalmke.com/pages/primal-foundations
final_url: https://www.primalmke.com/pages/primal-foundations
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:42.072Z
---

Primal Foundations – Primal MKE - Best MMA BJJ Grappling kickboxing Milwaukee ### Your Cart
 Your basket is empty
 Subtotal $0.00
 ##### $0.00
 Place your order

 questions? 414 367-6762

 - - - - -

 Loading...

 ### PRIMAL FOUNDATIONS

 We understand that the first day is the hardest. Just stepping into the gym and on the mats. Our foundations courses are designed to make this easier.

 These programs will not make you a 'fighter'', rather they are an opportunity to get comfortable with concepts and principles, meet new training partners and get to know the gym and coaches.

 While you will learn the 'basics' in Foundations. Be prepared to work, these classes are high paced and lively. A great stepping stone to our more advanced programs and a will give you a feel for the training methods and environment at Primal.
 Try a free class

 ### A Taste Of Chaos! Foundations at Primal

 .
 The Primal Method: A scientific informed approach!
 At Primal, we ask you, for 45 mins, to forget what you believe about traditional sports learning.
 We ask you not to overthink, and let your body move and learn how it's supposed to.

 Reconceptualizing the Fundamentals.
 We don't disagree that there are fundamentals of fighting. We just don't see them as a collection of moves or techniques. Rather we take the key features of each discipline and we build our foundations on them.

 Embracing clumsiness.
 Clumsiness is a feature of the learning experience, not a bug. It shows your body is adapting to new movements, and with time, movements become smoother. Learning through interaction. True skill comes from the interaction with a partner. So don't worry about how you look or how you move. Just understand that you will continue to get better over time. That's learning!

 Effective practice.
 Foundations focus on live, interactive practice with scaled-down options to manage complexity. As you progress, challenges increase to improve your skills. Again, no short cuts, but we can just move quicker.

 What about techniques.
 Techniques emerge as you engage with the problems we set and becoming personalized tools in your skillset. Techniques appear as we become skillful, they are not prerequisites for becoming skillful. Our job is not to 'teach you techniques' our role is to craft the learning environment so the techniques will become uniquely your own.

 GRAPPLING FOUNDATIONS Grappling Foundations:

 As like our striking foundations, we designed our program to introduce, promote and develop the key fundamental skill bases of grappling and jiu-jitsu. These include, grip fighting, framing & connecting and exploring key strategies and tactics from the various grappling positions. While, becoming a skillful grappler takes years and there is no short cut. We can make better use of our early training time through our live sparring games and activities.

 STRIKING FOUNDATIONS Striking Foundations:

 Kickboxing skills are much less about 'how' to move, punch and kick. But rather 'when' to move, punch and kick. By focusing early on the 'when', we can begin immediately to build our foundational skills for striking. Our foundation program is designed to have you begin building the movement relationships with live training partners that will develop over time. Our live sparring games are a safe, fun and effective way to start cultivating the fundamental skills of striking. Such as range and distance control, footwork and posture, and of course rudimentary offensive and defensive movements and techniques. NOTE THAT HEAD CONTACT IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED IN OUR FOUNDATIONS PROGRAMS!

 MMA FOUNDATIONS MMA Foundations:

 Our most intensive foundations program puts it all together. Again, without head-contact, we cover the 3 main aspects of MMA. Open floor striking and entanglements, Wall/Cage tactics and ground fighting. As with the other foundation programs. We identify the main strategies and tactics of MMA and build our beginner games around them.

 ### HEAR WHAT OUR TEAM MATES HAVE TO SAY. .

 ### SOME FOOTAGE OF OUR FOUNDATIONS PRACTICE
