---
source_url: http://www.premiermartialarts.com/austin
final_url: https://premiermartialarts.com/texas-austin/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:46.810Z
---

# Austin, TX Premier Martial Arts

 Our passion for martial arts goes beyond self-defense; we strive to empower our students of all ages with mental resilience, physical strength, and a profound sense of community. Enroll your child today and watch them embark on a journey of growth, confidence, and self-discovery through martial arts.

 TRY US OUT

 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE

 
 #### Location 8400 Brodie Ln unit 102 Austin, Texas 78745

 
 #### Phone (512) 797-1496

 }
 #### View Our Hours Regular & Holiday Hours

 
 #### Strengthen Your Mind. Power Your Body. Discover how to be your best self at premier martial arts

 ## Karate, Kickboxing, Self Defense & More Austin, TX

 ## Building StrengthInside and Out

 Welcome to Austin, TX premier Karate and Martial Arts studio, where passion meets discipline! Located in the heart of Austin, TX, our studio proudly offers comprehensive programs for both kids and adults, specializing in a diverse range of disciplines including karate, krav maga, kickboxing, jiu-jitsu, and taekwondo.
 Whether you’re looking to build confidence and self-defense skills or to improve physical fitness and mental focus, our experienced instructors are dedicated to helping you achieve your goals. Prepare to embark on an exciting journey of personal growth, empowerment, and mastery of martial arts at our esteemed studio.

 9
 #### Programs Developed Just For Kids

 9
 #### Certified, Experienced Instructors

 9
 #### Multiple Discipline Curriculum for a Well-Rounded Experience

 Get Started Today

 $
 ## Kids' Karate & Martial Arts

 ## Kids' Karate & Martial Arts in Austin, TX Our children’s classes combine styles of Karate, Tae Kwon Do, Krav Maga, and Kickboxing to develop a well-rounded martial artist. Your children will build character and strength while learning how to focus, persevere, and respect others.
 Learn More

 $
 ## Kids' Birthday Parties

 ## The Best Austin, TX Kids' Birthday Parties Looking for a memorable birthday party where your child and all his or her friends have a positive, active, fun day? Our martial arts birthday parties provide it all with no hassle for parents. Leave it to the birthday party experts and enjoy watching your karate star enjoy their special day.
 Learn More

 $
 ## Adult Martial Arts

 ## Adult Martial Arts & Self Defense in Austin, TX We also offer adult classes based on the highly effective self-defense arts of Krav Maga and Kickboxing. You'll enjoy a great total body workout while building confidence, learning to defend yourself, and having fun with friends.
 Learn More

 ## Our Class Schedule

 TRY FOR FREE

 Reset

 ## April 2026

 ### Week 4

 Monday Mar 30 Tuesday Mar 31 Wednesday Apr 1 Thursday Apr 2 Friday Apr 3 Saturday Apr 4 Sunday Apr 5 Monday Apr 6 Tuesday Apr 7 Wednesday Apr 8 Thursday Apr 9 Friday Apr 10 Saturday Apr 11 Sunday Apr 12 Monday Apr 13 Tuesday Apr 14 Wednesday Apr 15 Thursday Apr 16 Friday Apr 17 Saturday Apr 18 Sunday Apr 19 Monday Apr 20 Tuesday Apr 21 Wednesday Apr 22 Thursday Apr 23 Friday Apr 24 Saturday Apr 25 Sunday Apr 26 Monday Apr 27 Tuesday Apr 28 Wednesday Apr 29 Thursday Apr 30 Friday May 1 Saturday May 2 Sunday May 3
 12:00 AM 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 3:00 AM 4:00 AM 5:00 AM 6:00 AM 7:00 AM 8:00 AM 9:00 AM 10:00 AM 11:00 AM 12:00 PM 1:00 PM 2:00 PM 3:00 PM 4:00 PM 5:00 PM 6:00 PM 7:00 PM 8:00 PM 9:00 PM 10:00 PM 11:00 PM 12:00 AM 12:00 AM 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 3:00 AM 4:00 AM 5:00 AM 6:00 AM 7:00 AM 8:00 AM 9:00 AM 10:00 AM 11:00 AM 12:00 PM 1:00 PM 2:00 PM 3:00 PM 4:00 PM 5:00 PM 6:00 PM 7:00 PM 8:00 PM 9:00 PM 10:00 PM 11:00 PM 12:00 AM 12:00 AM 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 3:00 AM 4:00 AM 5:00 AM 6:00 AM 7:00 AM 8:00 AM 9:00 AM 10:00 AM 11:00 AM 12:00 PM 1:00 PM 2:00 PM 3:00 PM 4:00 PM 5:00 PM 6:00 PM 7:00 PM 8:00 PM 9:00 PM 10:00 PM 11:00 PM 12:00 AM 12:00 AM 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 3:00 AM 4:00 AM 5:00 AM 6:00 AM 7:00 AM 8:00 AM 9:00 AM 10:00 AM 11:00 AM 12:00 PM 1:00 PM 2:00 PM 3:00 PM 4:00 PM 5:00 PM 6:00 PM 7:00 PM 8:00 PM 9:00 PM 10:00 PM 11:00 PM 12:00 AM 12:00 AM 1:00 AM 2:00 AM 3:00 AM 4:00 AM 5:00 AM 6:00 AM 7:00 AM 8:00 AM 9:00 AM 10:00 AM 11:00 AM 12:00 PM 1:00 PM 2:00 PM 3:00 PM 4:00 PM 5:00 PM 6:00 PM 7:00 PM 8:00 PM 9:00 PM 10:00 PM 11:00 PM 12:00 AM

 ## Offers & Special Events

 
 ## Parent's Night Out $

 ## Parents' Night Out Enjoy a night out, or just a night of quiet at home while we entertain your kids. Your kids enjoy our pizza, games, martial arts activities, and entertainment. You enjoy a night of freedom.

 Contact Us

 
 ## Parent Orientation $

 ## Parent Orientation During this orientation, we'll cover essential information outlined in our New Student Guide. This guide is designed to ensure that your family maximizes the benefits of our program. We understand that being a new parent in our PMA family comes with a learning curve, and we're here to support you every step of the way.

 Contact Us

 # Become a Part of the Austin, TX PMA Family We can’t wait to meet you!

 Our studio in Austin, TX is warm and welcoming to both children and adults looking to practice martial arts and improve their strength and focus. Whether you’re looking for kids’ karate or an adult kickboxing or self-defense program, we can help you find the class that will help you reach your goals. Our talented instructors are excited to guide you on your path!

 ## Our PMA Austin, TXTeam

 Get to know our instructors and staff that are dedicated to helping you reach your martial arts goals.

 OUT OF 5 STARS

 OUT OF 5 STARS

 ## Featured Reviews

 Take a look at how Premier Martial Arts programs have positively impacted our students and their families. We couldn’t have said it better!

 Jeff Crow is an awesome teacher!

 Captain Hooter

 Very helpful instructor, and a welcoming environment to learn self defense. Highly recommend.

 Diptanil Chaudhuri

 GREAT dojo for families. My kids (7and9yo) never want to attend anything, but Coach Jeff made them feel so comfortable at the two free private classes, they were way less nervous to jump into the martial arts classes. My boys have grown in confidence and respect outside of the dojo. They love going to class. Coach Jeff is patient and kind while still setting the bar high. I'm a better mom just from watching how he handles a group of kids. My husband and I joke that it's better than therapy. My husband and I started taking adult classes after seeing how much fun the kids had. (And I haven't taken a fitness class since high school.) It has been so good for our entire family.

 Kate Hall

 See All Reviews$

 ## Austin, TX

 ## Premier Martial Arts Hours

 ### REGULAR OPEN HOURS

 Sunday / 04-26

 Call for Hours

 Monday / 04-27

 Call for Hours

 Tuesday / 04-28

 Call for Hours

 Wednesday / 04-29

 Call for Hours

 Thursday / 04-30

 Call for Hours

 Friday / 05-01

 Call for Hours

 Saturday / 05-02

 Call for Hours

 ### HOLIDAY & SPECIAL HOURS

 
 #### Location 8400 Brodie Ln unit 102 Austin, Texas 78745

 
 #### Phone (512) 797-1496

 
 #### Need More help? Contact Us

 
 #### Start your Martial Arts Journey Try Us Out

 ## Follow Us on Social

 Stay connected with us by following us on social.

 - Follow - Follow - Follow

 ## Martial Arts Studio in Austin, TX: Empowering Kids and Adults Through Karate Are you looking for a premier martial arts studio in Austin, TX that offers top-notch training for both kids and adults? Look no further! Our martial arts studio is dedicated to providing high-quality karate classes, kickboxing sessions, and self-defense training to individuals of all ages and skill levels. Join our community and experience the numerous physical, mental, and emotional benefits that martial arts can offer. Let's dive into the exciting world of karate and martial arts training!
 ## Karate Classes for Kids: Our martial arts studio takes pride in offering exceptional karate classes specifically designed for kids. We understand the importance of instilling discipline, focus, and self-confidence in children from an early age. Through our engaging and age-appropriate karate lessons, children can develop essential life skills while having fun. Our experienced instructors create a safe and supportive environment, ensuring that each child receives personalized attention and guidance to reach their full potential.
 ## Karate Classes for Adults: At our martial arts studio, we believe that martial arts training is for everyone, regardless of age. Our adult karate classes offer a perfect blend of fitness, self-defense techniques, and stress relief. Whether you are a beginner or have prior experience, our expert instructors will tailor the training to your individual needs. With regular practice, you can improve your strength, flexibility, coordination, and overall physical fitness while learning effective self-defense techniques.
 ## Kickboxing and Self-Defense Classes: In addition to karate, we also offer kickboxing classes and self-defense training. Our kickboxing sessions provide a dynamic and high-energy workout that combines martial arts techniques with cardiovascular exercise. Get ready to burn calories, build endurance, and improve your striking skills in a supportive and motivating environment.
 Our self-defense classes focus on teaching practical techniques that can be used in real-life situations. We empower our students with the knowledge and skills to protect themselves and their loved ones. Learn invaluable self-defense strategies, enhance your situational awareness, and boost your confidence through our comprehensive self-defense training program.
 ## Krav Maga Classes: If you're looking for a highly effective self-defense system, our martial arts studio offers Krav Maga classes. Originating from Israel, Krav Maga is renowned for its practicality and efficiency in real-world combat situations. Our experienced instructors will guide you through this intense and empowering training, helping you develop skills to protect yourself in various scenarios.
 When it comes to martial arts training in Austin, TX, our studio stands out as a premier destination for individuals of all ages and skill levels. Whether you're seeking karate classes for kids, adult martial arts training, kickboxing sessions, or self-defense classes, our experienced instructors are committed to helping you achieve your goals. Join our martial arts community and experience the transformative benefits of physical fitness, mental focus, and self-confidence. Begin your martial arts journey with us today!
