---
source_url: http://threebrotherslc.com
final_url: https://www.threebrotherslc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:20.468Z
---

#### Our goal is to help you reach your goals! If you’re interested in:
 - losing weight - building confidence - instilling discipline - learning to defend yourself We’re the only veteran-owned and operated, family-friendly jiu jitsu academy for you!

 Sign up now!
 Sign up now!

 FAQ
 FAQ

 shop
 shop

 Directions
 Directions

 # kids program

 - build your child’s confidence
 - give them structure and discipline - teach them self control in physically demanding and challenging situations - demonstrate the value of consistency - gives your child an opportunity to build social skills and develop friendships with teammates - we offer classes 7 days a week to help your children remain active and give parents more opportunities

 # adult program

 the adult program was created to help beginners understand jiu jitsu. our classes will focus on specific positions with an opportunity to practice the application of these techniques. we want you to have a strong and efficient foundation to build upon. we have experienced coaches with winning competition records in wrestling, jiu jitsu, and mixed martial arts that can help you reach your goals!

 # women’s program

 training in a safe and comfortable environment is a priority for us! the beauty of jiu jitsu is that it allows a smaller person to subdue a larger opponent. with consistent training, we believe anyone can acquire the confidence and learn the skills to defend themselves. having women’s only classes allow our ladies to practice these skills with other women in a more welcoming atmosphere.

 #### our adult and women’s classes are planned for all skill levels and open to teens and adults from any team affiliation. we believe that any training is better than none and encourage even the newest beginners to come try a class!

 View Our Calendar
