---
source_url: http://www.weaponsathandmma.com/narvaez-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://weaponsathandmma.com/narvaez-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:41.206Z
---

# Order your shirt today!

 ## Narvaez Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our mission is to help people unlock their physical and physiological potential through of practice of Jiiu Jitsu while simultaneously cultivating accountability, discipline, & respect.

 Experience the ultimate Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey with our exceptional program, guided by the remarkable Roger Narvaez, a UFC Veteran and Corpus Christi Firefighter. Our program caters to individuals from all walks of life, ensuring that there is something for everyone.
 Whether your aspirations lie in becoming a fierce Jiu-Jitsu competitor, an accomplished MMA fighter, achieving optimal fitness, or simply acquiring a new skill, our program is tailored to meet your needs and desires.
 Jiujitsu, often referred to as the "Gentle Art," empowers you with the ability to control your opponent through strategic holds, pins, or by submitting them with chokes, arm and leg locks. Within the realm of Jiujitsu, you will master the art of grappling, wrestling, and executing flawless throws against your adversary.
 Our classes cater to both GI and No Gi enthusiasts, accommodating individuals of all skill levels. Whether you are a beginner or an advanced practitioner, we have the perfect class for you.
 At our academy, safety and controlled training are of utmost importance. We provide a secure environment for individuals of all ages to train and grow in their Jiu-Jitsu journey.
 Take advantage of our generous offer and join us for a one week free trial!

 - - - - - - - - - -

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
