---
source_url: http://www.weaponsathandmma.com
final_url: https://weaponsathandmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:41.408Z
---

# Challenging people mentally and physically since 1991 Challenging people mentally and physically since 1991 Challenging people mentally and physically since 1991 Challenging people mentally and physically since 1991

 ## About Us Established in 1991, Corpus Christi's Weapons At Hand has built a strong reputation for nurturing the inner martial artist within individuals. Originally founded by Sifu Stacy Jorgensen as a Kickboxing/Kung-Fu academy, our establishment quickly adapted to the rising popularity of Jiu-Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts, evolving into a comprehensive fight system.

 In 2016, we forged a powerful alliance with Roger Narvaez, a respected Corpus Christi Firefighter, UFC veteran, and Jiu Jitsu blackbelt. This partnership not only allows us to offer top-notch Jiu Jitsu training but also enhances the overall quality of instruction for our students.

 At Weapons At Hand, we firmly believe in the values of self-respect and respect for others. We encourage our students to take responsibility for their actions and choices, fostering a sense of accountability. Our adherence to a set of positive core values ensures that we conduct ourselves with integrity and follow established rules.

 With our extensive experience, we have successfully developed a teaching system that caters to every member of your family. Our diverse curriculum encompasses a wide range of martial arts disciplines, providing a comprehensive understanding of the art.

 We extend a warm invitation for you to embark on a seven-day free trial. Don't hesitate any longer; start your martial arts journey with us today!

 #### Academy At Weapons At Hand, we take pride in our state-of-the-art facility, which features two spacious rooms dedicated to instruction. In our main room, you'll find an expansive open mat area that serves as the perfect space for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training, kids classes, and dynamic Kickboxing/Boxing drills. This versatile area allows for a variety of training styles and caters to individuals of all ages and skill levels.

 Our second room is specifically designed for those looking to enhance their striking abilities. Equipped with 12 hanging kickboxing bags, this room offers a focused environment for intense striking workouts. Whether you're a seasoned fighter or a beginner looking to improve your technique, this dedicated space provides the ideal setting to hone your skills and unleash your inner warrior.

 At Weapons At Hand, we are committed to providing our students with the best training experience possible. Our top-notch facilities ensure that you have all the tools you need to reach your martial arts goals. Come and experience our instructional areas for yourself and take your training to new heights.

 - - - - - -

 ## Contact Us #### Drop us a line Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.

 #### Weapons at Hand Martial Arts Academy 9929 S Padre Island Dr, Corpus Christi, Texas 78418, United States
 361-937-6983

 #### Hours Open today | 05:30 pm – 08:30 pm |

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
