---
source_url: https://bjjgainesville.com/page/adult-program
final_url: https://bjjgainesville.com/page/adult-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:59.708Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Adult Programs ## BJJ Fundamentals Designed to jump start the martial arts career of a brand new grappler, this class provides a core of movements, techniques, strategies, and concepts that will form the base for learning everything that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has to offer.
 With this class, students are able to progress and learn in a pace set specifically for them. Each class consists of a warm-up, a standing technique, ground skills, and technical drillng / positional sparring.

 ## BJJ Advanced : Open to Adult Students with 3+ months of BJJ training

 A fast paced and more in depth look at Jiu-Jitsu as it applies to competing with increasingly skilled opponents in both the standing and ground phases of combat. Movements from the Fundamentals program are woven together in succession and students further develop themselves as martial artists by interacting with the most experienced members of the academy.
 Heavy focus is placed on flowing movement, drilling transitions and developing an attacking, submission-oriented style of grappling that fits each individual student’s physical and mental attributes. An increased emphasis on extensive live sparring and stand-up grappling allow each individual to challenge themselves progressively as they gain experience. This class is an absolute must for anyone interested in taking their skills to the next level!

 7-day Free Trial! # 7-day Free Trial! # Reserve a FREE ONE WEEK TRIAL Today! Please fill out the form below and someone will get back to you within 48 hours. If you need information immediately, please call us at 352-328-2768 or stop by during our regular business hours.
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.

 - Phone 3523282768 - Address 220 NW 8th Ave, Suite 40 GAINESVILLE, FL 32601 - Email kon.ying@gmail.com Contact Us
 - © Marcelo Garcia Jiu Jitsu Association of Gainesville, FL - - Powered by Gymdesk
