---
source_url: https://bjjgainesville.com
final_url: https://bjjgainesville.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:59.795Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Marcelo Garcia Gainesville Association ### ### Welcome! We are a martial arts academy dedicated to enhancing the quality of life for our members! ### ### We are committed to offering innovative Brazilian Jiu Jitsu programs tailored to the needs, goals and experience level of each student- adult or child, beginners and advanced practitioners. Whether your goal is to improve fitness, learn self-defense, gain confidence, or become a competitive athlete, we offer something for everyone! ### Click Below to Sign Up for Our Free Trial! (7 Free Consecutive Days)

 # Highlights of Our BJJ Academy: - Friendly and Welcoming Community! Longest Running BJJ Academy in Gainesville Home to 12 BJJ Black Belts - and you can be one too! Transparent Pricing with No Contracts Beginner-Friendly Structured Classes Competitive / Advanced Classes Adult and Children Classes Exclusive 24/7 Access for Members
 ## What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art based on grappling and ground fighting techniques. The aim of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is to control and subdue a larger and stronger opponent through the use of superior techniques, leverage, and body mechanics. With an emphasis on grappling rather than striking, students are able to practice with varying levels of intensity, without the threat of serious injuries which can occur more often in martial arts focused on punching and kicking.

 7-day Free Trial! # 7-day Free Trial! # Reserve a FREE ONE WEEK TRIAL Today! Please fill out the form below and someone will get back to you within 48 hours. If you need information immediately, please call us at 352-328-2768 or stop by during our regular business hours.
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.

 - Phone 3523282768 - Address 220 NW 8th Ave, Suite 40 GAINESVILLE, FL 32601 - Email kon.ying@gmail.com Contact Us
 - © Marcelo Garcia Jiu Jitsu Association of Gainesville, FL - - Powered by Gymdesk
