---
source_url: https://www.renzogracieclarksville.com/new-classes-new-faces-new-schedule/
final_url: https://www.renzogracieclarksville.com/new-classes-new-faces-new-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:24.090Z
---

Renzo Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Clarksville excitedly announces some new additions!
 According to owner and manager James Hoskins, “We are embracing the burst of growth we’ve seen this past year and eager to offer more to our students. After expanding our coaching staff we are please to announce additional classes.”
 Brinna LaVelle
 Beginning September 1, Brinna LaVelle will begin instructing Judo each Wednesday and Friday at 7:30 PM as well as Saturdays at 11:00 AM.
 A student in judo since the age of 3, Brinna is an 8-time Tennessee State Gold Medalist, Junior Olympic Gold Medalist, USJA Nationals Gold Medalist, 2-Time Junior US Open Silver Medalist, Pan-American Cup Silver Medalist, North/Central American Championships Silver Medalist, FISU America Games bronze medalist. She is currently ranked 5th in the country for the 52kg category and most recently competed in the 2019 Summer World University Games in Naples, Italy.
 September also brings the addition of Yogi Dan Baker.
 Dan Baker
 According to his biography, “Dan’s yoga journey started a little later in life. He retired from the Army in 2009 with 21 years of service. He attended his first yoga class in 2014, which was a gentle flow. He wanted more of a challenge so started taking some Baptiste-inspired power flow classes and was immediately hooked. He got his RYT-200 certification from the emPower School of Yoga in March 2017 from Nashville. His passion is arm balances and inversions where he can be seen getting upside down in yoga classes. He brings lightness and humor to his classes while at the same time challenging his students.”
 Power Yoga will be offered every Tuesday and Thursday at 11:00 AM.
 Zee Durham
 Early mornings just became more challenging with No Gi classes now being offered at 6:00 AM with Professor Zee Durham, a black belt in BJJ under Coach Ray Casias. Zee brings a 40 year background in combatives and survival training. You can learn more about Zee here .
 Striking and no-gi for adults will also be offered at 7:30 PM following all levels BJJ on Tuesday and Thursday.
 In addition to Judo and Power Yoga, our Saturday kids’ classes is shifting to a no-gi course. The move comes in response to several parents requesting a no-gi class and we feel this is the perfect way to better prepare our team for competition.
 Regular kids classes will remain at 5:00 PM with Little Champions (ages 3 to 7) each Tuesday and Thursday and Junior Champions (ages 8 to 13) each Monday and Wednesday. Kids competition class will also remain at 5:00 PM on Fridays.
 September 1st will also bring a change in rates and membership packages for new students.
 To view the new schedule, please click here .
