---
source_url: https://www.arisebjj.com/programs.html
final_url: https://www.arisebjj.com/programs.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.344Z
---

# ARISE MARTIAL ARTS - Home - Programs Little Kids Kids Teens Adults Competition Team - Team - Schedule - Photos/Video - Free Trial - Contact - Blog

 - Home - Programs Little Kids Kids Teens Adults Competition Team - Team - Schedule - Photos/Video - Free Trial - Contact - Blog

 ## Programs

 ## Programs We Offer Kids Our kids program main focus is to development good character, all while teaching them physical and social skills to support them through their lives. We want them to embrace their personal power, work towards building self-confidence that will deter and discourage any potential bullying. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was developed to empower the smaller person by using technique and leverage against a larger attacker. Our schools curriculum is geared towards developing our children's fundamental skills and respecting one another. Register Now | Teens Our Teens program is designed to build a strong foundation and improve students coordination. Students begin the journey will understanding self discipline and respect for not only their instructors but piers. Our teens will learn and master fundamental skills along with will be introduced to more advanced Jiu Jitsu moves and techniques. Teens will also be given core explanations of Jiu Jitsu concepts and ideas to evolve into a​better athlete, with high conditioning. Register Now | Adults Our adults program is designed and based around core techniques that every Jiu Jitsu practitioner should know. We focus on improving their overall Jiu Jitsu knowledge, increase movements and perfect technique. Our adults program will help you achieve your fitness goals and grappling. Within our adults program we have specialized classes such as pro-training, wrestling/submission grappling and Intermediate classes. We pursue in evolving each athlete by pushing their limits to exceed their own expectations and goals.​​ Register Now

 ​We Would Love to Have You Visit Soon! |

 Hours M-F: 8:30am - 9pm | Telephone 305-781-7949 | Email [email protected]

 ​© Arise Martial Arts. 2019, All Rights Reserved.
