---
source_url: https://www.arisebjj.com/adults.html
final_url: https://www.arisebjj.com/adults.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.668Z
---

# ARISE MARTIAL ARTS - Home - Programs Little Kids Kids Teens Adults Competition Team - Team - Schedule - Photos/Video - Free Trial - Contact - Blog

 - Home - Programs Little Kids Kids Teens Adults Competition Team - Team - Schedule - Photos/Video - Free Trial - Contact - Blog

 ## adults

 Our adults program is designed and based around core techniques that every Jiu Jitsu practitioner should know. We focus on improving their overall jiu jitsu knowledge, increase movements and perfect technique. We will help you achieve your fitness goals and grappling.

 What sets our Academy apart from others is the individual attention our Professor and coaches give to our students. Professor Danny's passion for teaching will be experienced the moment you step into our facility. Its with great genuinety the art be taught to its completeness. The strides of our students gives us immense reward. People with prior Jiu Jitsu experience see great strides in our program, fine details and great explanation truely make the difference in your game!

 Whether you want to compete, wants Jiu Jitsu for self defense or a hobbyist. Our Professor models his teaching and our programs to fit your personal needs. As a competitor himself, he challenges those who want to compete, and prepare them with knowedge and conditioning.

 |

 ## testimonials |

 ​We Would Love to Have You Visit Soon! |

 Hours M-F: 8:30am - 9pm | Telephone 305-781-7949 | Email [email protected]

 ​© Arise Martial Arts. 2019, All Rights Reserved.
