---
source_url: https://annunziatobjj.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://annunziatobjj.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:39.958Z
---

## Kids Jiu Jitsu
 #### Kids Class Annunziato Jiu Jitsu’s Kids Class (Ages 4-12) is a fun and engaging program that introduces children to the fundamental concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Our experienced instructors create a safe and supportive environment where kids can learn important skills such as discipline, focus, and respect, while also building their physical fitness and self-confidence.
 Through games, drills, and partner exercises, kids will develop a solid foundation in Jiu Jitsu and self-defense techniques, all while having a blast and making new friends. Our program is designed to meet the unique needs and interests of each child, regardless of their skill level or previous experience.

 #### No-Gi Class Annunziato Jiu Jitsu’s No-Gi (Ages 4-12) class is a dynamic and high-energy program that focuses on teaching children the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu without the traditional Gi uniform. Our experienced instructors create a safe and supportive environment where kids can learn important skills such as discipline, focus, and respect, while also building their physical fitness and self-confidence.
 Through games, drills, and partner exercises, kids will develop a solid foundation in grappling and self-defense techniques, all while having fun and making new friends. This class is open to both beginners and experienced practitioners, and our instructors provide personalized attention to ensure that each child gets the most out of the program.

 ## Free Trial Class Not sure if Annunziato Jiu Jitsu is for you? Don’t worry. Sign up today and try your first class absolutely FREE!

 Special Offers

 #### Annunziato Jiu Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (817) 308-3830
 annunziatobjj@gmail.com
 118 S Stewart St Bldg 1, Azle TX 76020
 Annunziato Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!
