---
source_url: https://annunziatobjj.com
final_url: https://annunziatobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:40.637Z
---

# Annunziato Jiu Jitsu #### Championship Level, Family-Friendly Free Trial Class
 Pause Video

 ##### Free Trial Class ×

 #### Welcome to ## Annunziato Jiu Jitsu
 Annunziato Jiu Jitsu is your place to be in tune with your mind, body and community. Our team works diligently to cultivate a friendly, family-oriented learning environment in order to build an honorable community. You now have the opportunity to learn BJJ in Azle, Texas with other passionate athletes in a supportive environment. Training with us will improve many aspects of your life including strength, endurance, focus, and confidence. Seize the chance to achieve a championship level of excellence by enrolling in Jiu Jitsu classes at Annunziato today.

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Annunziato, we provide high-quality Jiu Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## About Us At Annunziato, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students, and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Here at Annunziato, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for BJJ or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 ## Summer Camp 2026 Get ready for an exciting summer at Annunziato Jiu Jitsu! Our annual Summer Camp is back, offering young athletes an excellent opportunity to explore the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu, build character, and make new friends in a fun, supportive environment.
 📅 Camp Details:
 Ages 5–9: June 1–4
 Ages 10–17: June 15–18
 Time: Each day from 8 AM to 3 PM

 Special Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Our job at Annunziato Jiu Jitsu is to help individuals find their passion in martial arts and lead them towards success. You will be coached efficiently and meticulously as we fine-tune your skills, develop your growth and increase your determination. We lift our students up to learn from their mistakes, and train hard and improve. We value repetition and continuous efforts towards retention and resilience. Our students enjoy themselves during our BJJ classes and will feel an improvement in confidence, focus, and stress management while training. The camaraderie that martial arts training creates stems from a mutual understanding regardless of age, backgrounds, and skills. It provides a strong foundation of problem-solving and confidence for all Annunziato Jiu Jitsu students.
 #### Our History: Annunziato Jiu Jitsu owner Benjamin Annunziato started his BJJ journey about thirteen years ago and fell in love instantaneously. Within his first three years of training, Benjamin quit his job of making eyeglasses in order to pursue BJJ full time. He decided to fully dedicate himself to the martial art that made him a better person. He strived to follow in his coach’s direction to be a Masters world champion and establish strong credentials in order to open his gym. Today Benjamin is a three times world champion and a recognizable face throughout the jiu jitsu community. Starting his teaching journey came naturally due to his family background in education. Benjamin achieved his goal of opening Annunziato in September 2022 and continues to fulfill his students’ dreams through BJJ.
 Learn More!

 ## Free Trial Class Not sure if Annunziato Jiu Jitsu is for you? Don’t worry. Sign up today and try your first class absolutely FREE!

 Special Offers

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Success Our instructors are focused on providing you with the proper BJJ training in order to accomplish your goals and satisfy your ambition.

 ##### Family We instill selflessness in our academy to promote helping classmates and building community.

 ##### Discipline This academy improves every student to be more resilient individuals through diligence, focus, and building character.

 ##### Respect Annunziato celebrates differences and individuality within our community. We come together to train BJJ regardless of backgrounds, skills and values.

 ##### Confidence The efforts you’ll put into your training will impact how you carry yourself. Find your voice when you find success in combat arts .

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To!

 ## Stay up to date on class times! Here you can find all the information you need about our class schedule, including times, dates, and locations.

 Schedule!

 ## What People Are Saying...

 I would highly suggest training with coach Ben. Definitely the best gym in the area. You won't be disappointed training here.

 Andrew B.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Great instructor. Really teaches from the beginning. Don’t worry, we all had to start somewhere! And this is that somewhere!

 Mike M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 You will not be disappointed when you train with Annunziato Jiu Jitsu.

 Tundra T.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The facilities are clean and welcoming. If you live in the area do not hesitate to check this place out!!

 Gredel K.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Don't look anywhere else in the local area! This is the place that will change your life forever!

 Hector M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 He’s great with both kids and adults. This is a great gym for the whole family!

 Jack G.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The staff members are always friendly and the facility is always much cleaner than many other gyms I've visited.

 Kirk C.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Annunziato Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (817) 308-3830
 annunziatobjj@gmail.com
 118 S Stewart St Bldg 1, Azle TX 76020
 Get Directions

 ### Annunziato Jiu Jitsu 118 S Stewart St Bldg 1, Azle TX 76020
 Get Directions
