---
source_url: https://thechutemma.com
final_url: https://thechutemma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:36.445Z
---

## Menu

 Call Now

 # Bakersfield's Best Martial Arts GYM

 ## The Chute MMA

 Unlock your potential at The Chute MMA – Bakersfield’s Premier Martial Arts Gym. Elevate your skills with over 20+ years of Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, and Muay Thai experience, combined with 35+ years of Wrestling expertise, you’ll be ready to dominate the octagon of life.

 Free 2 Class Trial

 ### Why Choose The Chute?

 - FITNESS Martial Arts is an amazing from of fitness, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, boost stamina, and endurance. - CONFIDENCEOur martial arts programs are specifically designed to empower you to feel more confident and capable in dangerous situations. - DISCIPLINEMartial arts, like BJJ, contribute to developing mental resilience, imparting the importance of dedicated effort, and equipping you to deal with daily challenges. - COMMUNITYAt the Chute MMA we're a family! The way our classes are set up, you'll make connections that last a lifetime. Any Martial Art can't be learned alone, participating in our programs is a great way to make new friends and build strong relationships.

 ### Why Choose The Chute?

 ## Meet The Coach

 ## Bryan "The Bull" Travers

 With over 20+ years of experience in Mixed Martial Arts , taking second at the IBJJF World Masters No Gi , and having fought in the biggest MMA promotions like Bellator and Strikeforce.
 Bryan Travers is extremely skilled in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Wrestling. He works with day one beginners to advanced athletes. At The Chute MMA, we offer an opportunity to master self-defense while enhancing your overall fitness under Bryan’s expert guidance. There’s a reason we’re Bakersfield’s best martial arts gym!

 Free 2 Class Trial

 #### Start Martial Arts The Right Way

 ##### Learn MMA From The Best In Bakersfield!

 In Bakersfield, CA, we’re your ultimate destination for top-tier MMA and Martial Arts. Whether aiming for a MMA gym or premier Martial Arts training. Our expert coaching master techniques, refine skills, and cultivate mindset to empower your success in both disciplines.
 At The Chute MMA, Martial Arts takes center stage. Instructor Bryan guides and inspires, unlocking potential to positively impact Bakersfield, CA. Fostering confident leaders, we nurture kids’ self-esteem, overall well-being, and fitness. Join our vibrant community, pursuing excellence in MMA and Martial Arts in Bakersfield, CA.

 - Beginner Friendly - Top Expert Instruction & Safety - Affordable Pricing - Professional Equipment - Kids Program

 ## We Focus On Our Community

 ###### At The Chute MMA We're A Family

 Be a part of our special community where people who love MMA and Martial Arts come together.
 Join a group of friendly, enjoyable, and supportive individuals all working towards the same goal. You’ll make special bonds that will last a lifetime!

 ## Try Every Class The Chute Has To Offer!

 Free 2 Class Trial

 Free 2 Class Trial

 ## Muay Thai Class

 ## Learn How To Kick Like a Pro

 Discover Muay Thai – a dynamic martial art focused on powerful strikes using fists, elbows, knees, and shins, as well as clinching techniques. Train at The Chute MMA Bakersfield for an intense cardiovascular workout, increased strength, sharper self-defense skills, and enhanced mental focus. Embark on your martial arts journey, gaining fitness and practical abilities in one exciting package.

 - Gain Strength And Mass - Lose Weight - Move Like A Professional Fighter - Learn Stand-Up Self Defense

 See Schedule

 ## Jui-Jitsu Class

 ## Master The Art Of Jui-Jitsu

 Discover Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) at The Chute MMA Bakersfield—a martial art rooted in technique and leverage. BJJ excels in ground combat, empowering individuals to control and submit opponents using joint locks and chokes. Join our classes to boost confidence, fitness, and self-defense skills. Experience the art of BJJ for effective protection and personal empowerment. Unleash your potential in martial arts with us.

 - No Gi BJJ For Real Situations - Develop Confidence & Discipline - Improve Your Overall Fitness - Learn Ground Self Defense

 See Schedule

 ## Wrestling Class

 ## Learn How To Take Someone Down

 Discover wrestling at The Chute MMA Bakersfield—a dynamic combat sport emphasizing grappling, takedowns, and control. Experience enhanced physical strength, agility, and mental resilience. Our wrestling classes offer a unique blend of skill development, intense workouts, and strategic thinking, providing a solid foundation for mixed martial arts.

 - Dominate The Mats And Any Situation - Build Mental Toughness - Build Your Strength - Become A Better Grappler

 See Schedule

 ## ADULT SCHEDULE

 ## MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY

 - NO GI JIU JITSU: 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM - Monday & WednesdayMUAY THAI/MMA: 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM - Friday Sparring:7:30 - 9:00 PM

 ## TUESDAY, THURSDAY

 - COLLEGIATE WRESTLING: 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM - MUAY THAI/MMA: 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM

 ## SUNDAY

 - Open MatGRAPPLING: 3:00 PM - 4:00 PM - STRIKING: 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM

 ## KIDS SCHEDULE (6 Years Old & Up)

 ## MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY

 - NO GI JIU JITSU: 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM - MUAY THAI/MMA: 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM

 ## TUESDAY, THURSDAY

 - Kids ClassCOLLEGIATE WRESTLING: 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM - MUAY THAI/MMA: 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM

 ## Are You A First Responder Or Military?

 Get 25% Off

 Get 25% Off

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 What If I'm A Complete Beginner?
 You can start learning Martial Arts with us even if you have zero experience with the sport. We will take care of you and show you how to start training in a safe way. Many of our students make great progress in a short time.

 What Is The Cost Of Training?
 We invite you to come in for two free trial classes. For pricing information for monthly training or private lessons please reach out to us via email at thechutemma@gmail.com or by text 661-369-0342
 We are now a Heartland Charter School vendor! Please reach out via email if you have any questions.

 How Do I Sign Up?
 Signing up for the first classes is simple - call us saying you came from our website!

 Does Equipment Come With The Membership?
 Equipment is sold separately at a very affordable price. We understand equipment can be expensive.

 Should I Do Private 1 on 1 or Group Training?
 This will depend on your personal preferences, MMA goals and budget. As much as we love group classes, if you are looking to see the best results, then individual coaching is the best option.

 For anyone who is serious about progressing with MMA, we recommend you try individual one-on-one coaching first, and see if it is right for you. Since we are a dedicated MMA gym, we love to work with those who are really focused on learning the best technique, and seeing the best results. For these types of people one-on-one coaching is perfect.

 If, on the other hand, you are looking for more of a social way to get fit, and just learn the basics of MMA, then maybe group classes are a better option. Since group classes are more focused on overall techniques in a group setting, they are more budget friendly and social.

 How Long Are Classes?
 Classes range from 1-2 hours with different martial arts.
 Please see our schedule here

 ## Get 2 Trial Classes For FREE!

 Free 2 Class Trial

 ## Testimonials

 ## Our Google Reviews

 Leave Us A Review

 Mohammed Mobashir Student
 I had the pleasure of training with Bryan for over two years. Unfortunately I had to move and with the new gyms I visit, they can’t match the energy and experience you feel at the Chute. The guys there are legit and are focused on improving themselves as a herd. Great BJJ, Wrestling, and Muay Thai all coupled with MMA applications. I would highly recommend and learn with some of the most respectful disciplined people in Bakersfield!
 - - - - -

 Saksith Say Student
 "Great people and great place to train if you’re into high intensity workout. It’s a highly motivated/competitive gym that focuses on competitions and helping people to get in better shapes and healthier mental state."
 - - - - -

 Jeff Juangco Student
 I've been training under professor Bryan Travers my whole jiu jitsu journey and I can say he is the best coach in town. Tones of knowledge in all aspects of combat sports. His attention to detail is second to none. One stop shop if your looking to get great training in striking, wrestling, bjj and self defense or just a workout in.This is a high level gym that has a great group of active competitors. Great place to take your kids as well.
 - - - - -

 Juan Guardado Student
 The coach there is very experienced and was a professional fighter himself. I used everything he taught me to win my first fight
 - - - - -

 ## Contact Us

 ### Address 4641 District Blvd, Bakersfield, CA 93313

 ### Email thechutemma@gmail.com

 ### Phone Number +1 (661) 369 0342

 Call Now

 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
 Name *
 Email *
 What are you looking for? * - 1 On 1 Coaching - MMA Classes - General Information - First Responder or Military Discount

 How Can We Help You?

 Submit

 ## The Chute MMA

 Unleash Your Potential at The Chute MMA – Bakersfield’s Premier Martial Arts Gym. Elevate your skills in Muay Thai, Jiu-Jitsu, and Wrestling under 15+ years of expert guidance, and dominate the octagon of life.

 Read More

 ## Quick Links

 - Home - About - Classes - FAQ - Reviews - Contact Us

 ## Follow Us

 Facebook Instagram

 ## Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved | Designed By Digital Genie

 ## Privacy Policy
