---
source_url: https://mtkim.com/programs/children-martial-arts
final_url: https://mtkim.com/programs/children-martial-arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:16.546Z
---

Back to Previous Page
 ## Kids Martial Arts Classes: The best decision you will make for your child! Enroll your child in martial arts classes and discover the amazing benefits they will experience in all aspects of their lives!

 # Children's Programs # Exclusive Web Offer ## Act Now Limited Spots Available

 Full Name
 Last Name Phone
 fax Program Choose a Program Kids Martial Arts Tiny Tigers
 School Choose a Location Bristow Arlington Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA
 Email
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo
 View Web Specials!

 We respect your privacy and will NEVER sell, rent
 or share your email address.

 ## Kids Martial Arts Classes: The best decision you will make for your child! Enroll your child in martial arts classes and discover the amazing benefits they will experience in all aspects of their lives!

 ## PARENTS IN D.C. Metropolitan Area ARE ASTONISHED BY THE POSITIVE IMPACT MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES ARE HAVING ON THEIR CHILD! You might naturally associate martial arts with hollywood stunts and kicks and punches, but the self-defense aspect of martial arts is just part of it. Children that learn martial arts develop the confidence to know that if they are ever bullied, they have the skills they need to defend themselves. However, the real skill we teach is diffusing situations with words before they ever escalate to a physical level.

 ## Mountain Kim Martial Arts Is Your Partner in Parenting We teach the same values you teach at home, in a positive, safe and fun environment.
 The foundation of our kids martial arts curriculum is the education and development of life-skills such as positive mental attitude, high goal setting, perseverance, self-control and confidence.

 ## GETTING STARTED IS EASY!

 ### Redeem One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ### Schedule Your Child's First
 Semi-Private Lesson

 ### Begin Your Child's
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## Tiny Tigers ### Ages: 4-6 Yrs The best martial arts program for kids, ever.
 Tiny Tigers allows children to feel engaged with our martial arts program by providing strong visual cues to help them align with their achievements and goals.
 Tiny Tigers is an exclusive new platform for martial arts that kids truly love. Take the first step to giving this extraordinary gift to your child today!
 Learn More

 ## Kids Martial Arts ### Ages: 7-12 Kids martial arts is a specialized program created exclusively for children ages 7 through 12. The foundation of the kids martial arts curriculum is the ongoing review and development of life skills such as:
 • Positive mental attitude • High goal-setting
 • Perseverance • Self-control • Confidence
 Learn More

 ## Give your child the gift of a lifetimeBegin your child's martial arts journey Now! #### This is a limited time offer! Only 25 total spots are available.
 ## Trial Offer =No Commitments
 ## SpecialIntroductory Offer!
 ## 100% Money BackGuaranteed!

 ## Children's Programs exclusive Web Offer # Act Now!

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax Program Choose a Program Kids Martial Arts Tiny Tigers
 School Choose a Location Bristow Arlington Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Bristow Arlington Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA
 message
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo

 - social

 © 2026 mtkim.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
