---
source_url: https://mtkim.com/programs/children-martial-arts/tiny-tigers
final_url: https://mtkim.com/programs/children-martial-arts/tiny-tigers
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:16.797Z
---

Back to Previous Page
 ## A Martial Arts Blueprint for Healthy Child Development Our Tiny Tigers program will help your child develop essential skills that they can apply to all areas of life, while having fun and socializing.
 Getting started is easy:
 ### 1 Redeem Web Special; 2 Schedule 1st Class; 3 Begin Martial Arts!

 # Tiny Tigers # Exclusive Web Offer ## Act Now Limited Spots Available

 Full Name
 Last Name Phone
 fax School Choose a Location Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA Bristow Arlington
 Email
 comment contact me by phone
 website ywedobjeo View Web Specials!

 We respect your privacy and will NEVER sell, rent
 or share your email address.

 ## A Martial Arts Blueprint for Healthy Child Development Our Tiny Tigers program will help your child develop essential skills that they can apply to all areas of life, while having fun and socializing.
 Getting started is easy:
 ### 1 Redeem Web Special; 2 Schedule 1st Class; 3 Begin Martial Arts!

 ### Are You Looking for a Fun Activity for Your Child that also helps them prepare for the real world?

 ## Mom & Dad, #### We understand how important choosing the right activity for your child is. It should not be so difficult and challenging. Let's face it, it can be a bit overwhelming thinking about your child getting older so quickly. As much as you want to think they are prepared for school, every parent has the same questions. Are they ready to socialize with their new classmates? Will they stay focused on the teacher during class and keep up with the other kids?
 Our Tiny Tigers program is designed to enhance your kids ability to pay attention and follow directions. In the age of sensory overload, this is a skill that will provide your kids with immediate results that will reflect positively on their academic work.
 #### Parenting should not have to be a stressful task you face alone! ## Let Mountain Kim Martial Arts help you equip your child for success in the real world.

 ## MARTIAL ARTS TEACHES LIFE SKILLS Positive Mental Attitude High Goal-Setting Respect & Self-Confidence

 ## Mountain Kim Martial Arts Is Your Partner in Parenting We teach the same values you teach at home, in a positive, safe & fun environment.
 The foundation of the Tiny Tigers curriculum is the education and development of life-skills such as positive mental attitude, high goal-setting, perseverance, self-control and confidence.

 ## GETTING STARTED IS EASY! ### REDEEM One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ### SCHEDULE Your Child's First
 Free Week

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## WHAT MAKES Mountain Kim Martial Arts ARTS DIFFERENTFROM OTHER KARATE & TAEKWONDO SCHOOLS?
 We focus on the personal development aspect of martial arts, not just self-defense moves.

 Our instructors are all certified black belts, qualified and licensed to teach martial arts.

 Our facility is always clean and features a viewing area for parents, as well as matted floors throughout.

 ## PARENTS, DID YOU KNOW THAT GROUP ACTIVITIESBENEFIT YOUR CHILD IN A NUMBER OF WAYS...

 ## Developmental Growth Group activities are a great opportunity for young children to further develop their social skills through structured interaction, using language to express their thoughts and needs with peers.
 ## Cooperation By working with their peers towards a common goal, children will further develop their cooperation skills, conversation skills, and discover how to share and be fair.
 ## Interaction & Togetherness Friendships will be encouraged between children who do not normally play together, exposing your child to the concept of working with different types of people with different points of view.

 ## 3 WAYS OUR KIDS MARTIAL ARTS CLASSESHELP YOUR CHILD REACH THEIR POTENTIAL: ### TEAMWORK & SOCIAL SKILLS Social interaction teaches kids how to effectively work as part of a team.

 ### PHYSICAL FITNESS Martial arts helps improve coordination and is an excellent form of exercise.

 ### BUILD HEALTHY HABITS Building healthy habits early on can help prevent obesity and diabetes later in life.

 ## At Mountain Kim Martial Arts, it is our mission to help raise a confident,, focused leader with the life-transforming experience that is martial arts.

 ## Learn Goal-Setting Skills Belt testing provides an excellent exercise for kids in learning how to set and achieve goals. Their self-esteem will continue to rise with each accomplishment as they watch their hard work pay off.

 ## Improve Focus and Self-Control Complex physical activities such as martial arts have proven to strengthen the brain’s neural networks, helping kids improve their focus and self-control. This can be especially beneficial for kids with ADD/ADHD.

 ## A Strong Sense of Respect The traditional nature of martial arts teaches kids respect in their classes, whether they are taking a bow or waiting patiently for the next set of instructions. This sense of respect also helps kids improve their grades, while improving their listening skills at home and in school.

 ## What Other Parents Are Saying:
 Your instructors in Vienna are exceptional with kids. Your commitment to real Tae Kwondo Do versus "streetfighting" is clear. And if that doesn't impress people, how about the fact that my 5 year old girly girl gave up her dance class for your classes without a second thought. Can't wait to send my 2 year old girl here. Thank you!
 Corina McAleenan

 If you are looking for a martial arts place in Charlottesville this is the place to go. Masters and instructors are absolutely amazing. Our daughter is starting knee high ninja classes and her progress on self-confidence, self-reliance, and self-discipline is amazing. The sense of community and family at Mt Kim Charlottesville is really empowering for children and adults alike.
 Alex Mosteanu

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 Q. What Age Groups Are Available for Kids Martial Arts? Our Pre-School program is for ages 4-6, while Pre-Teens is Ages 7-12.

 Q. Are There Long Membership Commitments? We offer month-to-month memberships, as well as savings on longer plans.

 Q. I Love All the Benefits Such as Confidence, Self-Esteem, and Focus … But Will My Kid Have Fun? Our martial arts classes' primary goal is to make sure our students have fun in a playful, safe environment. Come and see a class for yourself - the kids have a blast and our instructors do too.

 Q. Does My Child Need to Have Previous Experience or Any Particular Fitness Level to Enroll in Martial Arts Classes? No, our classes are a good mix of boys and girls of all fitness levels. Beginners train alongside some of the more experienced kids, helping each other out in a fun team environment.

 ## Give your child the gift of a lifetimeBegin your child's martial arts journey Now! #### This is a limited time offer! Only 25 total spots are available.
 ## Trial Offer =No Commitments
 ## SpecialIntroductory Offer!
 ## Schedule Now!

 ## Tiny Tigers exclusive Web Offer # Act Now!

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax School Choose a Location Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA Bristow Arlington
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Bristow Arlington Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA
 message
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo

 - social

 © 2026 mtkim.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
