---
source_url: https://mtkim.com/programs/children-martial-arts/kids-martial-arts
final_url: https://mtkim.com/programs/children-martial-arts/kids-martial-arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:17.035Z
---

Back to Previous Page
 ## HELPING PARENTS RAISE CONFIDENT LEADERS Kids martial arts will help your child
 develop essential skills that they can apply
 to all areas of life.
 Getting started is easy:
 ### 1 Redeem Web Special; 2 Schedule 1st Class; 3 Begin Martial Arts!

 # Kids Martial Arts # Exclusive Web Offer ## Act Now Limited Spots Available

 Full Name
 Last Name Phone
 fax School Choose a Location Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA Bristow Arlington
 Email
 comment contact me by phone
 website ywedobjeo View Web Specials!

 We respect your privacy and will NEVER sell, rent
 or share your email address.

 ## HELPING PARENTS RAISE CONFIDENT LEADERS Kids martial arts will help your child
 develop essential skills that they can apply
 to all areas of life.
 Getting started is easy:
 ### 1 Redeem Web Special; 2 Schedule 1st Class; 3 Begin Martial Arts!

 ### Are You Looking for a Fitness Activity for Your Child That Can Also Help Them Succeed in Life?

 ## Mom & Dad, #### We understand how important choosing the right activity for your child is. It should not be so difficult and challenging. Teaching children to know right from wrong is one of the toughest challenges parents have to face.
 You want your child to have the tools to succeed in life, but protecting them from peer pressure, bullying and internet predators can make any parent feel overwhelmed with anxiety and stress.
 The good news is that at Mountain Kim Martial Arts in D.C. Metropolitan Area, our kids martial arts program is the perfect companion to help you raise a strong, confident leader, teaching confidence, focus & self-defense skills.
 #### Parenting should not have to be a stressful task you face alone! Let Mountain Kim Martial Arts help you equip your child for success in the real world.

 ## KIDS MARTIAL ARTS TEACHES LIFE SKILLS Positive Mental Attitude

 High Goal-Setting

 Respect & Self-Confidence

 ## Mountain Kim Martial Arts Is Your Partner in Parenting We teach the same values you teach at home, in a positive, safe & fun environment.
 The foundation of the kids martial arts curriculum is the education and development of life-skills such as positive mental attitude, high goal-setting, perseverance, self-control and confidence.

 ## GETTING STARTED IS EASY! ### REDEEM One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ### SCHEDULE Your Child's First
 Free Week

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## WHAT MAKES Mountain Kim Martial Arts DIFFERENT FROM OTHERKARATE & TAEKWONDO SCHOOLS?
 We focus on the personal development aspect of martial arts, not just self-defense moves.

 Our instructors are all certified black belts, qualified, and professionally trained to teach martial arts.

 Our facility is always clean and features a viewing area for parents, as well as matted floors throughout.

 ## PARENTS, DID YOU KNOW...

 ## 1 OUT OF 4 KIDS is a victim of bullying

 ## 42.5% OF TEENS in the U.S. try drugs

 ## 25% OF H.S. STUDENTS fail to graduate on time

 ## DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD BECOME A STATISTIC. ### Equip them with the tools to succeed in the real world with kids martial arts. Our students regularly go on to join Ivy schools and become community leaders. The values they learn during their martial arts journey are the same you teach at home and last a lifetime.

 ## 3 WAYS OUR KIDS MARTIAL ARTS CLASSESHELP YOUR CHILD REACH THEIR POTENTIAL: ### TEAMWORK & SOCIAL SKILLS Social interaction teaches kids how to effectively work as part of a team.

 ### PHYSICAL FITNESS Martial arts helps improve coordination and is an excellent form of exercise.

 ### BUILD HEALTHY HABITS Building healthy habits early on can help prevent obesity and diabetes later in life.

 ## At Mountain Kim Martial Arts, it is Our Mission to Help You Raise a Confident, Focused Leader With the Life-Transforming Experience That is Martial Arts.

 ## Learn Goal-Setting Skills Belt testing provides an excellent exercise for kids in learning how to set and achieve goals. Their self-esteem will continue to rise with each accomplishment as they watch their hard work pay off.

 ## Improve Focus and Self-Control Complex physical activities such as martial arts have proven to strengthen the brain’s neural networks, helping kids improve their focus and self-control. This can be especially beneficial for kids with ADD/ADHD.

 ## A Strong Sense of Respect The traditional nature of martial arts teaches kids respect in their classes, whether they are taking a bow or waiting patiently for the next set of instructions. This sense of respect also helps kids improve their grades, while improving their listening skills at home and in school.

 ## What Other Parents Are Saying:
 Can not say enough good things about Mt. Kim. We've been there for almost 2 years, and the masters provide the perfect balance of discipline and encouragement. It's clear that the masters really care about the kids. An absolute hidden gem!
 Darcey Geissler

 Your instructors in Vienna are exceptional with kids. Your commitment to real Tae Kwondo Do versus "streetfighting" is clear. And if that doesn't impress people, how about the fact that my 5 year old girly girl gave up her dance class for your classes without a second thought. Can't wait to send my 2 year old girl here. Thank you!
 Corina McAleenan

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 What Happens After I Purchase the Trial Offer? You will receive an email with instructions on how to schedule your first class. One of our instructors will call you, or you may call the school directly.

 Will I Be "Fighting" Other Members? No, you learn “A proper way to defend yourself.”

 I Love All the Benefits Such as Confidence, Self-Esteem, and Focus … But Is It Fun? Our Martial Arts classes' primary goal is to make sure our students have fun in a enjoyable, safe environment. Come and see a class for yourself - we all have a blast and our instructors do too.

 Do I Need to Have Previous Experience or Any Particular Fitness Level to Enroll in Martial Arts Classes? No, our classes are a good mix of men and women of all fitness levels. Beginners train alongside some of the more experienced members, helping each other out in a enjoyable team environment.

 ## Give your child the gift of a lifetimeBegin your child's martial arts journey Now! #### This is a limited time offer! Only 25 total spots are available.
 ## Trial Offer =No Commitments
 ## SpecialIntroductory Offer!
 ## Schedule Now!

 ## Kids Martial Arts exclusive Web Offer # Act Now!

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax School Choose a Location Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA Bristow Arlington
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Bristow Arlington Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA
 message
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo

 - social

 © 2026 mtkim.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
