---
source_url: https://mtkim.com
final_url: https://mtkim.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:17.262Z
---

skip to main content ## CONFIDENCE BUILDING MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN D.C. Metropolitan Area Summer Camp registration happening now!
 Children's Programs Summer Camp

 ## Helping Children Build a Strong Foundation for Their Future! Enter Your Contact Information to Get Started!

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax School Choose a Location Bristow Arlington Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA
 Program Choose a Program Kids Martial Arts Tiny Tigers Summer Camp Birthday Parties B4/After School Teen & Adult Taekwondo Hapkido Adult Judo 70th Championship Event
 comment contact_me_by_phone website ywedobjeo

 ## Tiny Tigers ### 4-6 Yrs This program offers children a strong foundation in essential character qualities such as courtesy, respect, and discipline.
 Learn More

 ## Kids Martial Arts ### 7-12 Kids martial arts classes: positive mental attitude, high goal setting and confidence!
 Learn More

 ## Teens & Adults ### 13+ Our teen & adult programs focus on high-intensity fitness and real self-defense that applies in today's world.
 Learn More

 ## Our Locations:

 ## Bristow 12721 Braemar Village Plaza, Bristow, VA 20136
 703-331-5588 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Arlington 4831 1st Street North, Arlington, VA 22203
 (703) 507-7725 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Centreville, VA 5669 Stone Rd, Centreville, VA 20120-1618
 703-802-0020 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Culpeper, VA 331 South Gate Shopping Center, Culpeper, VA 22701
 540-825-2855 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 570 Celebrate Virginia Pkwy, Fredericksburg, VA 22406
 540-752-0707 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 5725 Plank Rd, Fredericksburg, VA 22407
 540-785-0808 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Gainesville, VA 13863 Heathcote Blvd, Gainesville, VA 20155
 703-753-0500 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Manassas, VA 9832 Liberia Ave, Manassas, VA 20110
 703-665-0906 Find Us Contact Us

 ## McLean, VA 6661 Old Dominion Rd, McLean, VA 22101
 703-356-1414 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Oakton, VA 2952 Chain Bridge Rd # K, Oakton, VA 22124-3024
 703-255-9554 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Stafford, VA 35 Walpole Street, Stafford, VA 22554
 540-659-0202 Find Us Contact Us

 ## Vienna, VA 210 Dominion Road, NE Vienna, VA 22180
 703-255-0202 Find Us Contact Us

 ### Hi, my name is Grandmaster Mountain Kim and I'm the owner of Mountain Kim Martial Arts. When I was a child, I began my martial arts journey and the positive impact it had on my life was remarkable. It was always my dream to someday own my own school and create an enjoyable environment for students to improve their fitness while building the confidence they can carry into their everyday lives. Take advantage of one of our amazing web specials today - join us as we empower ourselves and our community with martial arts!
 Learn More

 ## Getting Started Is Easy! ### Redeem One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ### Schedule Your Child's First
 Semi-Private Lesson

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## We Help Parents Raise Confident Leaders & Adults Reach Their Full Potential! Martial arts is unlike any other sport or activity because at the core of the training, the emphasis
 is on personal development. This allows us to teach life skills like confidence, discipline, and
 focus which will affect all aspects of our students’ lives, even after they have finished training!
 Anyone can begin martial arts - any age, any fitness level.

 ## You Belong Here. Whether you are looking for a sports activity for your child or for an alternative from the boring gym fitness routine, martial arts is unlike any other sport because at the core of the training, the emphasis is on personal development. Anyone can begin martial arts - any age, any fitness level.
 Start today!
 Learn More

 ## Birthday Parties Learn More

 ## Children's Classes Learn More

 ## After School Program ### All Ages Learn More

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 Can not say enough good things about Mt. Kim. We've been there for almost 2 years, and the masters provide the perfect balance of discipline and encouragement. It's clear that the masters really care about the kids. An absolute hidden gem!
 #### Darcey Geissler #####

 Your instructors in Vienna are exceptional with kids. Your commitment to real Tae Kwondo Do versus "streetfighting" is clear. And if that doesn't impress people, how about the fact that my 5 year old girly girl gave up her dance class for your classes without a second thought. Can't wait to send my 2 year old girl here. Thank you!
 #### Corina McAleenan #####

 Both of my kids go to Mt. Kim Oakton and we just love it! Great exercise, great discipline & great instructors!!!!
 #### Cameron Glahe #####

 We just had our son's 3rd birthday party at Mountain Kim and it was totally awesome! The kids loved it and the kids were engrossed and into learning! Everyone wanted to have their kid's party there. Thank you so much!
 #### Johanna O'Loughlin #####

 I really shopped around for a dojang that would allow me to take classes late after my work day. I didn't realize I would be treated to a learning experience with such a rich environment of diverse people of all ages and walks of life. There is an emphasis on positivity and self-confidence and even though I can learn at my own pace, I am also pleasantly challenged to work harder and do better. It's a nice change to view exercise as a treat rather than a chore!
 #### Lana Lambert #####

 If you are looking for a martial arts place in Charlottesville this is the place to go. Masters and instructors are absolutely amazing. Our daughter is starting knee high ninja classes and her progress on self-confidence, self-reliance, and self-discipline is amazing. The sense of community and family at Mt Kim Charlottesville is really empowering for children and adults alike.
 #### Alex Mosteanu #####

 Master An is one of the best masters I have ever met. He will teach professional taekwondo, judo and Hapkido techniques that you can trust. You guys are lucky.
 #### Jon Jeon #####

 Master An is the best master!!! You get the best workout as well as fun in his superb Taekwondo classes! For kids, he exemplifies discipline and endurance. For adults, he makes sure they get the intense exercise they can ever get at a martial arts studio.
 #### Jeong Hyen Tyae #####

 My 5 year old daughter absolutely LOVES going to Mt. Kim after school. Master Kim is very patient with the children, teaches them respect & works with them. The after-school tutor reads with them as well! I definitely recommend Mt. Kim!
 #### Katie Moore #####

 Having spent just shy of 22 years in the USMC, I know what it means to be part of a real TEAM or what it feels like to part of something recognizably good and special. So outside of the top-notch instruction, that is what drew me in. The reception I received when I first started was awesome and the great sense of TEAM I’ve seen and continue to feel as I progress through training/instruction has me still going today. The atmosphere of the instruction is fun but conducive to learning proper techniques. All the instructors are firm, fair, creative, talented, and effective. I’m currently participating in the Hapkido program but I have the opportunity to observe, from time to time, all ages participating in Judo and Taekwondo programs which are fun, exciting, and challenging with an emphasis on proper technique.
 #### J. Ferriss #####

 My experience at Mountain Kim Martial Arts was Awesome! I have been doing martial arts since 1990 and because of my job, I have been forced to find new places to train as I move to my next location. When I found Mountain Kim Martial Arts I knew right away that I found a great place and I was never disappointed thereafter. So what was so great you ask? The training is great, that goes without saying! But it was even more than the training. At Mountain Kim Martial Arts I also felt like part of their family because of the family atmosphere and the honest and friendly people who operate and train there. It’s almost been two years since I was able to train there and to this day I can still remember why I enjoyed training there so much!
 #### Peter Harrington #####

 My experience at Mountain Kim has been life-changing. When I first started I hoped to be able to get in shape and learn some self-defense techniques. What I discovered after 2 years is that not only did I lose weight, get in shape, and learn self-defense – but I reached mental challenges that I never thought I would. I’m 46 years old and I’m able to do stuff I could only watch others do a few short years ago. Now I’m not watching, I’m doing. That is life changing.
 #### James Smith #####

 I recently had my son’s 5th birthday party at Mountain Kim Martial Arts. Everything was so interactive, even the parents were interested in what was going on! The children were very excited to participate. They learned martial arts moves, did obstacles, and even broke boards. The party allowed plenty of time for food and cake. That day was a lot of fun. I definitely would plan a party there again!
 #### Tiffany Payton #####

 My daughter has had a couple of birthday parties at Mountain Kim. It is a fun, active party that both boys and girls enjoy. They play games, learn some Taekwondo, break boards (! Yes really) and you can even cut the cake with a sword! It is a great experience for all
 #### Susan K. #####

 We had a great time at Mountain Kim! They kept the kids busy with games and obstacle courses and were so friendly! The kids had lots of fun! And my son got to cut the cake with a sword, which he thought was awesome! I would recommend Mountain Kim 100%!
 #### Adrianna Haskell #####

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Bristow Arlington Centreville, VA Culpeper, VA Fredericksburg, VA - Route 17 Fredericksburg, VA - Route 3 Gainesville, VA Manassas, VA McLean, VA Oakton, VA Stafford, VA Vienna, VA
 message
 School contact_me_by_phone website ywedobjeo

 - social

 © 2026 mtkim.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
