---
source_url: http://lucasleitebjjca.com/classes/No-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://lucasleitebjjca.com/classes/No-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:52.240Z
---

## Find Your New Favorite Routine With No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu! Here at Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we strive to teach our students how to be adept at both Gi and No Gi training. We offer world-class training in both styles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and welcome you to be a part of whichever class suits your needs! In No Gi training, we practice all of the same techniques but without the traditional clothing, making a new form of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu that makes you rely on your body rather than your grips. We welcome people of all skill levels from all over Upland to give our No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu a try!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 Get more information now!

 #### Traditional Training With A Modern Appeal We know that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is easily applied to real world situations, and we understand why you would want to learn how to defend yourself against someone not wearing the traditional Gi. Since No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is practiced in more streamline clothing, you can't rely on the grips in Gi Jiu-Jitsu routines. Training without a Gi helps you focus more on the other tenets like clinches , sweeps , and footlocks .
 ##### Check out Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to enjoy: - A friendly environment focused on helping you achieve your goals - Intense workouts that develop real-world skills - The science of leverage and how you can use it to your advantage - Heightened self-confidence with every new achievement
 #### Get Ahead Of The Competition If you're interested in competing, you need to take every opportunity to master your skill! Training in No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can open up new arenas for you in competition by honing your skills both in and out of the Gi. By being able to practice differently, you'll be able to react to any situation you face. Plus, you'll get a GREAT workout as No Gi training tends to rely heavily on slips , holds , and leverage .
 We also offer No Gi competition training for those interested in proving themselves in a public arena. We offer several weekly competition training sessions to work around your busy schedule and keep you prepared for the next tournament. Many of our students compete in tournaments as large as Worlds and Pans Championships!
 ##### No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training can help you: - Perfect your ground techniques - Learn new situational advantages - Gain another path to competition - Burn calories and build lean muscle tone
 #### Don't Miss Out On What Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Can Offer! We love our No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program because it brings in familiar techniques and applies them in a faster paced setting. With all of the benefits it provides, it's no wonder that people from all over Upland are already enjoying our family oriented approach!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 Get more information now!
