---
source_url: http://lucasleitebjjca.com/services/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://lucasleitebjjca.com/services/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:52.615Z
---

## Take On The Best Ground Grappling In Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are you looking for a better way to train? Then you've come to the right place. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes at Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can help you challenge your body and your mind like never before.
 This ground-based self-defense system teaches you how to use leverage to overcome a stronger opponent and we're proud to help everyday men and women learn the skills one step at a time.
 Take on the best BJJ training in Upland and get more from every workout!
 Get Started Today!

 #### Why Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Right For You? Did you know that a majority of real-world altercations end up on the ground? Even if you're not interested in competing at the highest levels, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes can equip you with vital self-defense skills for any situation.
 We are proud to offer 11 different sessions each week and we go above and beyond to make our training accessible to all experience levels.
 At Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, you can learn:
 - Effective throws and takedowns - Leverage and strategy for the ground - Timing and techniques to maintain control - Effective submission strategies that can keep you safe
 #### PLUS, You'll Challenge Your Body Like Never Before What's the problem with most fitness routines out there? You get bored and tired of doing the same thing over and over.
 That's where we come in.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes vary week to week, challenging you with new skills and movements. You'll be so focused on perfecting every aspect of the sport that you won't even realize how hard you're working.
 In no time, you can take on:
 - Lean, toned muscle gains - Boosted speed, strength, and agility - Sustainable fat burn and healthy weight loss - A well-rounded athleticism
 #### Take On The Challenge Today! Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Great For Everyone In Upland Whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced fighter, we're proud to help you improve each and every day. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Upland are a great way to build confidence, improve your fitness level, and stay prepared for any real-world altercation.
 Learn more about everything we have to offer at Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu by simply filling out the short form on your screen now!
 Get Started Today!
