---
source_url: http://www.checkmatportland.com
final_url: https://checkmatportland.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:13.654Z
---

## EMPOWER YOUR BODY & MIND # CHECKMAT PORTLAND CHECKMAT PORTLAND CHECKMAT PORTLAND CHECKMAT PORTLAND

 MARTIAL ARTS | SELF DEFENSE
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Grappling
 Kickboxing

 Get Started

 #### Train with the Best—Authentic and Unmatched Checkmat Portland offers authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and No-Gi Grappling for kids, teens, and adults. We now also offer Kickboxing for teens and adults!
 Whether you’re a beginner stepping onto the mat for the first time or an experienced competitor, our expert instructors will guide you every step of the way in a fun, safe, clean, and welcoming environment.
 We’re the BEST in the area for real, high-quality training—there’s no comparison. Come see for yourself and join the team today!

 #### Our Academy Founded in 2021 by Professor Junior 'Juninho' Crivelari , Checkmat Portland is a family-run Jiu-Jitsu academy in Troutdale, OR. As part of Checkmat Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu , one of the most successful teams in competitive BJJ, we provide world-class training for all ages and skill levels.

 #### Our Mission We believe Jiu-Jitsu and Kickboxing offer more than just physical training—they build confidence, discipline, and mental strength that carry over into everyday life.
 Our mission is to positively impact your life through character-building and leadership, helping you grow both on and off the mat.

 #### New Students, Get Started! Put your body and mind to work. Schedule a One-Day Free Trial or One Week for only $29!

 Get Started

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
