---
source_url: http://www.midgardbjj.com
final_url: https://midgardbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:37.856Z
---

Midgard Submission Grappling & Self-Defense
 email Midgardbjj@gmail.com
 phone 725-304-5291

 #### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Welcome to Midgard Submission Grappling & Self-Defense CLASSES FOR ADULTS AND YOUTH
 Jiu-Jitsu - Wrestling - Kickboxing

 ### top Instructors
 ### 70+ Students
 ### 3 Awards Won
 ### 10+ Years Experience

 ## Youth ClassesWRESTLING-JIU-JITSU-KICKBOXING ## Monday-Friday 4:15-6:30 PM, Saturday 10 AM Join the Midgard Family and watch your child grow in confidence, gain real self-defense skills, and become a competitor in Wrestling and Jiu-Jitsu. Learn More

 ## JOIN our Midgard ADULT CLASSES! ## MONDAY-WEDNESDAY 10:00 AM- 12 PM, MONDAY -FRIDAY 6:30-8:30 PM, SATURDAY 11:30 AM ## ADULT OPEN MAT: MONDAY-WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY 11:30 AM- NO DROP IN FEE

 # Join the Midgard Family! Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Submit for more info!

 Welcome to Midgard Submission Grappling and Self-Defense!
 We are excited to meet you and look forward to building our gym with you!
 We welcome all skill levels and ages 7+.
 Come in anytime to start your trial, our schedule is on the website.
 Warmly,
 Joe and Val Tussing

 # Now offering classes for NEURODIVERGENT youth and adults! Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Submit for more info!

 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.

 Google reviews widget
