---
source_url: https://www.checkeredpastmma.com
final_url: https://checkeredpastmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:34.478Z
---

eugene mma coach - copy

 eugene mma coach - copy - copy

 eugene kids mma

 eugene mma fighters

 # The Best MMA Gym In The Eugene Springfield Area!

 At Checkered Past MMA we are a team. We are committed to helping you reach your goals when it comes to fitness and self-defense. We are equally dedicated to being a big part of your successes outside of the gym. Our objective is for our clients to become the absolute best possible versions of themselves. We expect mistakes, but we do not tolerate bad decisions. Integrity, perseverance, and simple happiness, powered by bully repellent.
 At Checkered Past we offer a structured class every week night. Our classes are taught in a friendly, but serious, environment. We value sportsmanship, respect, and resolve over strength and brutality. We strive to make every client’s gym experience both significant and pleasant. Each and every trip to Checkered Past offers an opportunity for a great workout, applicable self-defense techniques, and a feeling of belonging and fulfillment.
 Checkered Past is there for you no matter your skill level. No matter your age. No matter your needs. No matter what.
 Our class structure provides a powerful combination of the stand-up and ground game arts, delivering a comprehensive set of skills to our clients. Our program and fighters have, and will continue to be, tried by fire in the ring. This bring us experience and a knowledge base which we make available for each and every member of our team.
 Whether you want to step into the ring, get in the best shape of your life, or just be prepared to defend yourself and your loved ones, Checkerd Past is the place for you.

 At Checkered Past MMA we are a team! We are committed to helping you reach your goals when it comes to fitness and self-defense. We are equally dedicated to being a big part of your successes outside of the gym. Our objective is for our clients to become the absolute best possible versions of themselves. We expect mistakes, but we do not tolerate bad decisions. Integrity, perseverance, and simple happiness, powered by bully repellent.
 At Checkered Past we offer a structured class every week night. Our classes are taught in a friendly, but serious, environment. We value sportsmanship, respect, and resolve over strength and brutality. We strive to make every client’s gym experience both significant and pleasant. Each and every trip to Checkered Past offers an opportunity for a great workout, applicable self-defense techniques, and a feeling of belonging and fulfillment.
 Checkered Past is there for you no matter your skill level. No matter your age. No matter your needs. No matter what.
 Our class structure provides a powerful combination of the stand-up and ground game arts, delivering a comprehensive set of skills to our clients. Our program and fighters have, and will continue to be, tried by fire in the ring. This bring us experience and a knowledge base which we make available for each and every member of our team.
 Whether you want to step into the ring, get in the best shape of your life, or just be prepared to defend yourself and your loved ones, Checkerd Past is the place for you.

 ## Disciplines at Checkered Past

 ## MMA

 ## Muay Thai

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 ## Wrestling

 ## Boxing

 ## MMA

 ## Muay Thai

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 ## Wrestling

 ## Boxing

 ## Love And Hard Work

 muay-thai-for-everyone

 eugene-kick-boxing-and-mma

 womens-martial-arts1

 kick-boxing-gym-eugene

 boxing-gym

 boxingandmma

 martial-arts-for-kids-eugene

 eugene-kick-boxing

 professional-martial-arts

 jui-jitsu-for-women

 womens-martial-arts

 muay-thai-gym-eugene-springfield

 kids-martial-arts

 womens-self-defense

 springfield-boxing-club

 wrestling-eugene

 family-martial-arts

 grappling-class-springfield

 eugene-kick-boxing1

 martial-arts-eugene

 eugene-jui-jitsu

 martial-arts-school

 ## Be Your Best You, Get 2 Free Days

 Everybody is eligible for 2 free days with the team at Checkered Past. Potentially 6 free classes. Come on in, bring your kids, and find out why we are the best fit for you. You have nothing to lose…

 ## Extracurricular Activities

 Everything from neighborhood cleanup to youth mentoring. Checkered Past is devoted to our local community. Take a peek at our about page for more on this. We do toy drives for Christmas. We raise money for people who are willing to work, but who are having a hard time making ends meet. We do what we can.

 ## By The Numbers

 Satisfaction Guaranteed
 0 %

 Hours Of Experience
 0 s

 Satisfied Customers
 0 s

 # Little Ninjas (6 - 11)​

 # Only $65 Per Month

 # Kids (10 - 18)

 # Only $100 Per Month

 # Adults (18 - dirt)

 # Only $135 Per Month

 # Click Here For Family Discounts!!!

 # Don't Forget Your 2 Free Days!!!

 Fill out the contact form below with any questions.

 First Name *

 Last Name *

 Email Address *

 Phone Number - We Need This To Contact You *

 Message 0 / 180

 Send Message
