---
source_url: https://www.martialmovementerie.com
final_url: https://martialmovementerie.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:03.662Z
---

# About Us #### Martial Movement Martial Movement is a Martial Arts and Fitness Studio located at the Millcreek Mall in Erie, Pa. It is run by Master Katarina Ybanez and Instructor Glenn Ybanez. Our services are geared to help others develop themselves physically and mentally through Martial Arts. Services we offer include Traditional Taekwondo Classes, Martial Arts Style Gymnastics, Olympic Style Sparring, Hapkido Self-Defense, and Mobility Fitness Classes. Martial Movement provides an experience driven by a culture designed to develop respect, discipline, and self-confidence. Martial Movement does this by creating a safe environment and providing an opportunity for the students and parents to become a part of the Martial Movement Taekwondo Family.

 #### 무술 Martial Arts

 #### 운동 Motion

 #### Martial Arts Classes Enroll in a Membership Plan and start your training today!

 Learn more

 #### Fitness Classes & More Just want a workout? We offer Fitness Plans just for that!

 Learn more

 ## Masters and Instructors #### Katarina Ybanez Master Kat has trained in the art of Taekwondo for 26+ years and is currently a 4th Dan International Master in Taekwondo.
 Through her youth, she trained and competed in other sports including gymnastics and ballet. Kat quickly grew into a Junior Instructor from her training and natural athleticism. By 16, Kat grew into a Senior Instructor and a leader among her peers. She kept up on gymnastics training and began incorporating it into her martial arts. In 2021, Kat's title as an instructor came to an end, as she passed her 4th Degree Black Belt Exam and became a Master of Taekwondo. Master Kat has accrued 17+ years of experience teaching and instructing in Martial Arts. Master Kat's competitive history displays a dominance and mastery of Poomsae/Forms.

 #### Glenn Ybanez Instructor Glenn has trained in the art of Taekwondo for 12+ years
 Instructor Glenn started training in Taekwondo April of 2013 and later that year he quickly grew into a part-time instructor. Instructor Glenn has accrued 7+ years of experience teaching and instructing in Martial Arts. In 2014, he won 3 championships including the WTF Pennsylvania State Championships, the ATU Regional Championships, and the ATU National Sparring Championships. Instructor Glenn also has practiced gymnastics for most of his life and was a Parkour Instructor from 2015-2016.

 -

 ## Contact form #### Complete this form to be contacted by Martial Movement. Name*

 Phone*

 Email*

 Submit

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### We will be in touch soon! In the meantime, check out the rest of our website for pricing and more information!

 #### Martial Movement 290 Millcreek Mall Boulevard, Erie, Pennsylvania 16565, United States
 814-790-8775

 ## how much are classes?
 Learn more

 ## when are class times?
 Learn more

 ## interested in fitness or just self-defense?
 Learn more

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## News and updates Check out our YouTube and Subscribe!
 There will be more videos in the near future.

 ## Social Media

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
