---
source_url: http://www.stockmanjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.stockmanjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:24.838Z
---

## Get Your FREE 7-Day Pass!
 SUBMIT

 7-DAY

 ## Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Greenwood
 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 Read More

 ### Women's Jiu-Jitsu
 Read More

 ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu
 Read More

 # Welcome to Stockman Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to Stockman Jiu-Jitsu! We are here to help you reach your goals. We offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for everyone, including men, women, and children – fitness through martial arts and self-defense for the whole family.
 Whether you want to learn self-defense, dream of competition, need a way to relieve life’s stresses, or just want to get an amazing workout without having to mess around with machines, we have what you are looking for.
 We offer a FREE 7-Day Pass for anyone wanting to come in and check things out. Try it out for a week if you are not sure Brazilian Jiu-Jits is for you. See you on the mats!

 ## Stockman Jiu-Jitsu Videos
 Play Video
 Play Video

 01:41

 Play Video
 Play Video

 01:17

 Play Video
 Play Video

 02:06

 Play Video
 Play Video

 00:54

 Play Video
 Play Video

 00:43

 Play Video
 Play Video

 01:34

 Play Video
 Play Video

 01:48

 Play Video
 Play Video

 03:27

 PF Training

 “Alan is an excellent instructor that can communicate techniques and knowledge to not only adults but also kids. He is commonly seen teaching a kids class then teaching an adult class immediately after. Alan surrounds himself with outstanding assistant instructor that all pass on their knowledge with dedication and passion. The gym is very clean and hygiene is enforced. There are multiple times available for classes making it easy to attend and open mats multiple nights and mornings.I can not recommend Stockman Jiu Jitsu enough."

 Brandon Dreiman

 “This is a wonderful academy. Alan Stockman genuinely cares about his students and the art of Jiu Jitsu. He is never too busy to answer questions and will do whatever he can to help. I started my training at 40 years old, and I was nervous about starting Jiu Jitsu at my age -- Alan and the other students quickly allayed my concerns. It is truly a team environment. My 9 year-old son also goes here, and he cannot get enough. Alan and Ashley are remarkable with kids. I recommend this academy without hesitation."
 Facebook Reviews
 Google Reviews

 Nanette Kelley

 "Top of the line instruction by Alan and his team - respectful, fair, fun, easy to learn from. He has created a very welcoming environment by all instructors and fellow students. I dropped in a year ago and it didn’t take long to decide to stay for the long haul. My sister who trains from out of state has dropped in a couple of times and is always very impressed by Alan. He is a class act and runs an awesome gym. Highly recommend."
