---
source_url: https://somersetmartialartsky.com
final_url: https://somersetmartialartsky.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:51.555Z
---

# Somerset MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS Somerset Martial Arts: BJJ, Kick Boxing, Wrestling, & MMA We at Somerset Martial Arts, are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Tiny Titans Jiu Jitsu (Ages 3 – 5) Tiny Titan’s Karate (Ages 4 – 7) Little Warrior’s Jiu Jitsu (Ages 6 – 8) Jr. Spartans Jiu Jitsu (Ages 9 – 12) Jr. Spartan’s Karate (Ages 8 – 12) Teen/Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Ages 13+) Teen/Adult Boxing (Ages 13+) Ladies Only Fitness Kickboxing -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Somerset Martial Arts: BJJ, Kick Boxing, Wrestling, & MMA to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 BJJ, Kick Boxing, Wrestling, & MMA
 ## WELCOME TO Somerset Martial Arts We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Somerset Martial Arts our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 GET STARTED
 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 Tiny Titans Jiu Jitsu (Ages 3 – 5)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Little Warrior’s Jiu Jitsu (Ages 6 – 8)
 Unleash Your Child's Inner Champion with Little Warrior's BJJ Program!
 View Program

 Jr. Spartans Jiu Jitsu (Ages 9 – 12)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Tiny Titan’s Karate (Ages 4 – 7)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Jr. Spartan’s Karate (Ages 8 – 12)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen/Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Ages 13+)
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with BJJ!
 View Program

 Teen/Adult Boxing (Ages 13+)
 Get in the best shape of your life with our Boxing classes. Fitness goes to a new level with full-body workouts while learning how to fight.
 View Program

 Ladies Only Fitness
 Losing weight and getting in shape can be hard. What you may not realize is that many popular diets and exercise programs don’t give your body what it needs.
 View Program

 Kickboxing
 Are you tired of the same cardio workouts? Come see results and have some FUN.
 View Program

 DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE!
 ## BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 View Our Jr. Spartans Jiu Jitsu & Boxing Program

 Brittney Turner Wade Thank you all for being so good with the kids!! It’s hard to find people who you would trust with your babies, but you all show so much compassion towards these kids and you guys instill so many life lessons, discipline, and respect in to these kids. I’m so thankful we found you all and that my kids get to be apart of the family you all have there! Thank you Ian, Teresa, Justin and Chris! My youngest hasn’t been old enough to participate yet but her big bother has been going for months and they have always included her and made her feel like she was part of anything they had going on as well! If you are looking for something positive, and rewarding for your children then look no further than the amazing group of role models they have at this facility!

 David Werner Very inviting environment with a great teacher and students. The passion for Jiu Jitsu is obvious. Highly recommended

 Drake Ironwolf Couldn’t think of a better place to send my kids ... safe and fun environment

 Graziela Cabral Mink Love this summer camp our son attends. Everyday they go on day trips to local parks for hikes, swims, play on the playground and lunch outdoors. The other day they had lunch and a hike at Cumberland Falls! They also have game time, free time, boxing and Brazilian jiu jitsu at their facility. I can’t say enough good things about the coaches and staff, they are SOOOO wonderful with the kids. So glad we found this place!

 Jonathan Byerly Highly recommend great instructors. And will treat you like family by far best martial arts gym in somerset.

 Loretta Jasper Dunn Awesome program. My son looks forward to his time at after school every day. I can’t thank them enough.

 Luis Alagaver The best martial arts, the best fitness center, the best overall in the area. Every staff member is top in their class, love this place i will highly recommend

 Paula Keith Instructors are great with the kids, very patient! Only thing we could find that my grandson enjoyed enough to stop playing games.

 Sara Rodgers A great program with amazing coaches. They all truly care about the kids and excel in helping them become the best version of themselves. Their passion and drive never goes unnoticed. My child ALWAYS looks forward to going to SMA!!

 Shannon Mink It is a great experience for the kids. The instructors at the school are just amazing with all the students. My son absolutely loves it!

 Wyatt Burton Very welcoming atmosphere and great place to get in shape.

 IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH
 ## GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Somerset Martial Arts, After School, & Summer Camp
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors priority.
