---
source_url: http://bindajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://bindajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:43.067Z
---

# Learn Jiu Jitsu

 # Make Friends. Get in shape.

 ### Join us for a FREE WEEK trial!

 (978) 476-6692

 ## Binda Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Our academy consistently provides support to students who wish to excel. Our vision of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is to create winning attitudes using precision technique over strength to win.
 At Binda Brazilian Jiu Jitsu we aim to create champions on and off the mat. No matter the age or the skill level of the student, our instructors are patient, well-trained, and experienced ready to help you reach your goals.

 ## Select a Program

 ## Kids

 Develop motor skills in children . Developing advanced coordination and body awareness from a young age is an important ability that can have long-lasting effects.

 View Program

 ## Teens

 Improve the physical fitness, enhance self-discipline, increase self-confidence, and valuable self-defense skills, while fostering both physical and mental well-being.

 View Program

 ## Women

 Improve strength and fitness, boosting confidence, learn self-defense techniques, increase situational awareness, while fostering a supportive community, ultimately promoting personal growth and empowerment.

 View Program

 ## Adults

 Lose fat, grow muscle, and get into fantastic shape. You will be armed with the most powerful self defense system and… you will become a stronger and more confident person.

 View Program

 ## Our Schedule

 Join us on the mats!
 Find the times for all our classes throughout the week. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned practitioner, we have something for everyone. Our classes cater to various skill levels, so feel free to explore and find the perfect fit for you. If you have any questions or need assistance, don't hesitate to reach out to our friendly staff. We look forward to seeing you!

 View Schedule

 Binda Jiu Jitsu
 5.0 powered by G o o g l e
 review us on

 Erik Abreu 18:28 26 Aug 24

 If you are looking for Jiu Jitsu training for your kids this is the perfect place to bring them too! It’s also great for adults as well. They are so good with the kids. The way they talk to them, helps them train, helps them listen, helps them build their confidence, everything overall. I am happy this is the place I choice to bring my daughter.

 Barbara LaCasse 15:12 10 Apr 24

 I enrolled my son in Binda Jui Jitsu. From the first phone call I made and spoke with Coach Nil I knew it was going to be a great fit. She explained about classes and how we could come in for some trial classes. Everyone was so welcoming. My son is enjoying Jui Jitsu very much. All the coaches are exceptional with the kids along with supportive of them. If your child is wanting to try Jui Jitsu I would recommend Binda Jiu Jitsu. You and your child will be in great hands with Coach Julio and Coach Nil along with all the other great coaches.

 Jodi Perocchi 18:19 27 Mar 24

 I have 2 daughters that go there, they both love it the owners are so nice , everyone is friendly there. The coaches do amazing job teaching the children. I highly recommend Binda Jiu Jitsu

 Gabriel Moreira 14:46 20 Mar 24

 Great place for martial arts, exercise, and peace of mind.

 Clean and respectful.

 Jon Decker 01:13 21 Feb 24

 Welcoming members make it a lot easier to feel comfortable as a beginner grappler.

 Dis Abreu 00:02 19 Feb 24

 I started attending Binda’s a few weeks ago and I am very satisfied with their methodology of teaching and training. They do an excellent job bringing beginners into the fold and teaching the fundamentals of the sport with a clear path to learning the correct way. I highly recommend Binda Jiu Jitsu to all who are looking to learn.

 Rodolfo Silva 21:34 18 Feb 24

 Quality learning in a place that truly teaches Jiu Jitsu. A very good structure for all ages, but especially for children. In my son's classes, there are up to 5 instructors per class and they provide a lot of safety and attention to the little students.

 ## CONTACT US NOW

 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
 Name *
 Name or Email
 Email *
 Comment or Message

 Please prove you are human by selecting the key : Get More Info Now

 Contact us: (978) 476-6692
 741 S Main St, Haverhill, MA 01835
 @2024 Binda Jiu Jitsu
 Website Maintained by Pineapple Line Design
