---
source_url: http://edrosemartialarts.com
final_url: https://edrosemartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:53.756Z
---

#### Welcome to # Ed Rose’s Martial Arts Academy

 #### The Benefits of ## Martial Arts in Ft. Oglethorpe
 Ed Rose’s Martial Arts Academy of Ft. Oglethorpe offers modern martial arts training with the traditional values of respect, courtesy and self-control. Adults, teens, children, and families in the Ft. Oglethorpe area have improved their quality of life by incorporating our unique training into their daily lives. Come join us for a free introductory class to see what our program can do for you and your family.
 At Ed Rose’s Martial Arts Academy in Ft. Oglethorpe, we believe that martial arts training can help every child and adult develop the mental and physical skills they need to succeed in life. Martial Arts isn’t just about self-defense like so many believe. At Ed Rose’s Martial Arts Academy, it’s all about self-confidence, improved focus, physical strength, and positive social interaction. Ed Rose’s Martial Arts Academy teaches our members to set goals, work hard, and follow-through, all the while having fun and making friends.

 ## 1 Week Free ### Sign up for 1 week of free classes

 Sign Up!
 ##### 1 Week Free ×

 ## Programs Whether you are looking for something for the kids to do, or just wanting to take better care of yourself, we have the programs that are right for you.

 ## Special Offers Checkout out our current special offer before it is gone. If you missed an offer, check out the newest offers here!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Improved Focus

 ##### Boosts Self Confidence

 ##### Weight Loss

 ##### Positive Social Interaction

 ##### You'll Have Fun

 ##### Anti-Bullying Education

 #####

 ## Gallery

 ## Testimonials

 My son is in the summer program, and he loves it. Mr. Rose, Mrs. Honeycutt, and the other instructors are very patient, yet disciplined with the kids. We may stick with it after school starts. I'm glad we are coming here

 Heather Akers , Parent

 We had our sons' (6 and 4) birthday party there this weekend, and it was the best party we've ever had. Mr. Rose did an amazing job keeping the kids engaged and teaching them all beginner skills and knowledge. We loved the obstacle courses, breaking the boards, and slicing the cake with a sword! My 4 year old loved punching "Bob", and my 6 year old said, "I give it two thumbs up, but I would give it three if I had another hand!"

 Shelby Vandegriff , Parent

 My 5-year-old son absolutely loves his class! He asks every day if he gets to go. I love the skills and lessons he is learning, especially "stranger danger" and how to treat others. I highly recommend them for anyone looking for a fun, worthwhile activity for their kiddos!

 Keisha McCarver , Parent

 Awesome Instructor! A clean, fun place for children to learn & grow!

 Regina Hice , Parent

 Mr. Rose is an awesome instructor. He knows how to keep the kids focused and engaged as they are learning martial arts form and technique. Our daughter really enjoyed summer camp and moving up to Yellow belt. She liked it so much that she wants to further her skills.

 Sheena Ogle , Parent

 Mr Rose is AWESOME with kids. My 7 year old is all boy and goes 100 MPH most of the time. After about 3 or 4 months of him going to Tiger Rock Fort O, you can tell a difference in his school work, behavior, and all around discipline. Thank you Mr Rose

 Craig Worley , Parent

 ### Contact Us Today Let us know you were here and get an introductory class FREE!

 706-858-3550
 1030 Battlefield Pkwy, Fort Oglethorpe, GA 30742
 Get Directions

 ### Ed Rose's Martial Arts Academy 1030 Battlefield Pkwy, Fort Oglethorpe, GA 30742
 Get Directions

 ## First Class Free Start the school year off right with an amazing special offer! Get your first class free!

 Sign up Today!
 ##### First Class Free ×
