---
source_url: http://codellaacademy.com
final_url: https://codellaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:04.174Z
---

- Home - ClassesBrazilian Jiu-JitsuBJJ for BeginnersMartial Arts For KidsMuay Thai - Instructors - Schedule - About Us - Gallery

 Claim Your Free Week

 # Strength, Focus # & Stability

 To build your strength, cultivate resilience, and embrace the art of self-improvement, Codella Academy provides a platform to learn Jui-Jitsu and martial arts.

 Claim Your Free Week

 Codella Academy - The Finest Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 Welcome to Codella Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy, where the legacy of martial arts excellence meets cutting-edge training methods. Founded by a retired NYPD officer, a student of a Third Degree Black Belt under world champion Renzo Gracie. Mike Codella built this academy to provide a platform to those who want to learn and master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, MMA, and boxing.

 Claim Your Free Week

 # Our Training Programs

 We have designed the following programs to teach you martial arts.

 ## Brazillian Jiu Jitsu

 Looking for a Jiu-Jitsu school that teaches practical self-defense and pushes you to your limits? Look no further than Codella Academy, your one-stop platform for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) on Staten Island!

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Beginners

 Our jiu-jitsu school welcomes individuals of all skill levels and teaches them the art of jiu-jitsu. So, if you are a beginner taking your first Brazilian jiu-jitsu classes, our academy is the perfect place for you.

 ## Kids & Teens Martial Arts

 Jiu-Jitsu is an invaluable life skill that every kid should learn and Codella Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy is a top-notch Jiu-Jitsu school that offers jiu-jitsu classes. Enroll your child in our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program and witness their transformation firsthand.

 ## Muay Thai

 With state-of-the-art facilities, dedicated instructors, and a supportive team, our MMA academy welcomes all enthusiasts eager to train in the traditional and effective art of Muay Thai. Refine your skills and physical prowess at Codella Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy.

 ## See What Our Customer Say About Us

 Codella Academy Location

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Answers To Commonly Questions

 What are some effective ways to improve my guard retention?

 We emphasize drills focused on hip movement and maintaining proper angles to enhance guard retention. Additionally, consistent drilling of specific guard retention techniques will help refine your ability to react effectively in live situations.

 #### Can you explain the key concepts behind executing a proper armbar from the guard?

 Our instructors break down the mechanics of executing an armbar from the guard step by step, ensuring that each student understands the leverage points and principles behind the technique. Through dedicated practice and attention to detail, you'll master the armbar and its variations.

 #### How can I develop better timing for my takedowns?

 Timing is crucial in Jiu-Jitsu, especially for takedowns. We integrate specific timing drills into our curriculum, focusing on entries, setups, and reactions to your opponent's movements. You'll develop the timing necessary to execute takedowns with precision through repetition and situational sparring.

 #### Do I need any prior experience to learn Jiu-Jitsu?

 At Codella Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we welcome students of all levels, including those with no prior experience in martial arts. Our classes are designed to help beginners and experienced practitioners alike. Our instructors provide thorough instruction, focusing on fundamental techniques and gradually building upon them as students progress.

 #### Do you offer competitions or belt promotions?

 While many of our students are hobbyists, we also have many students who love competing and love helping others get "competition ready" with intense training. As long as you stay consistent in your training you should get promoted. Remember, a black belt is a white belt who never quit.

 Are there any fitness requirements for Jiu-Jitsu training?

 Our academy welcomes students of all fitness levels. While there are no strict fitness requirements to begin training, participating in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes can improve your overall fitness over time. Whether you're a seasoned athlete or just starting your fitness journey, our classes are designed to help you improve your physical conditioning while learning the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ##### Contact Us

 (917) 202-9671

 [email protected]

 3755 Victory Blvd,
 Staten Island, NY 10314,
 United States
