---
source_url: https://try.dedicatedjiujitsu.com/offer-page-8807
final_url: https://try.dedicatedjiujitsu.com/offer-page-8807
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.705Z
---

# Start jiu jitsu in Temecula- free trial for kids & adults

 # free jiu jitsu trial class!

 Click below to claim your offer. We'll then reach out right away to get your scheduled!

 Claim Your FREE Trial Class

 15+
 0+
 Years of experience

 25 max
 0 max
 Students per class

 100+
 0+
 Active students

 5★
 0★
 Top Rated in Temecula

 # Jiu Jitsu instruction # for all levels

 Dedicated Jiu Jitsu is commited to the an environment for people of all levels and abilities. Whether youre a first timer, a hobbyist, or a seasoned competitor, we have it all.
 We help you achieve your goals one day at a time. No ego, no pressure, just a welcoming and supportive environment to learn and grow.

 # Dedicated Jiu Jitsu

 Our martial arts programs combine physical fitness and mental wellness, promoting strength, discipline, and overall health. Achieve your fitness goals while learning self-defense in a supportive environment.

 Physical Fitness: Enhance strength, flexibility, and endurance through dynamic martial arts training.

 # Mental Wellness: Boost focus, confidence, and reduce stress with mindfulness practices in every session.

 Self-Defense Skills: Learn effective techniques for protecting yourself in real-world situations.

 Supportive Community: Train alongside a group of motivated individuals in a positive and encouraging environment.

 Privacy Policy

 # Frequently Asked Questions

 #### What martial arts styles do you offer?

 We specialize specifically in Jiu Jitsu. We have crafted our knowledge through 15 years fo traing in the Gi as well as NOGI at have been teaching the art for over 8 years,

 #### Is martial arts suitable for beginners?

 Yes, our programs are tailored for all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Our instructors provide guidance to help you progress at your own pace.

 #### Can martial arts help with stress and mental wellness?

 Absolutely! Martial arts training incorporates mindfulness, focus, and discipline, which can help reduce stress, improve mental clarity, and promote overall emotional well-being.

 #### Do I need any special equipment to start?

 For most beginners, comfortable workout clothes are sufficient. As you progress, we will provide guidance on any additional equipment, such as uniforms or protective gear, that may be needed.

 # Testimonials

 # Gabriel N

 I started training at Jiu Jitsu when Jason opened up four years ago. Jason is an amazing coach. He connects with all his members, children to adults. The community at Dedicated is my second family. I highly recommend you join if you are wanting to learn jiu jitsu and be apart of a tight knit group of family and friends.

 # Isaac L

 Coach Jason has created both a welcoming and structured space. The environment is friendly, supportive, and motivating. Not only is their emphasis on skill but also building a positive culture. The coaching is attentive with a strong focus on technique and safety.

 Everyone I’ve trained with has been respectful, helpful, and willing to share their techniques. Class is not overly intense or intimidating, but challenging in the right ways. Dedicated has helped me stay consistent and push myself both physically and mentally.

 # Stephanie C

 We love Dedicated Jiu Jitsu! The owner Jason and all of the instructors are wonderful and very patient. They are so good at teaching the kids in a way that is fun and easy for them to understand . I love how they can still encourage my little one to participate even on the days he isn’t up for a class. Also, they are very accommodating to any requests and responsive to questions. I highly highly recommend Dedicated Jiu Jitsu. Go check them out now :)

 ## Come visit us

 Get In Touch

 Hours

 Mon – Sat 9:00am – 8:00pm
 Sunday – CLOSED

 Contact Us

 Call: 951-216-3542
 Email: [email protected]

 ## New Location

 Location: 31045 temecula pkwy #B102, Temecula CA 92592

 Call (951) 216-3542

 Email: [email protected]

 Site: https://www.dedicatedjiujitsu.com

 ## Copyright Dedicated Jiu Jitsu 2026. All rights reserved
