---
source_url: http://lakeeffectbjj.com/
final_url: https://lakeeffectbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:55.124Z
---

# Reach your full potential with Lake Effect Martial Arts! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 Get Started Today!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Children’s Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Boxing Private Lessons -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Lake Effect Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Children’s Martial Arts
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 View Program

 Boxing
 Get in the best shape of your life with our Muay Thai classes. Fitness goes to a new level with full-body workouts that build muscle and improve flexibility.
 View Program

 Private Lessons
 Whether you aren't comfortable with group classes, or you just want to jumpstart your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey, we can help. One on one sessions can help fix holes in your game and or help you prepare for your next tournament. Fill out the form below and we will contact you ASAP.
 View Program

 Chris Wopperer Joining this gym was like joining a family. Very welcoming! Professors and coaches are true professionals. Can't wait to continue my journey borrowing from this team!

 Chris Kwilas I participated and competed in various martial arts in my life. Everything from Tae Kwon Do, Kempo, and Karate in my younger years and even trained in Muay Thai for two years in my late 20s. I was always a heavier set build and I thought I have experienced what I could out of martial arts regarding weight loss while pushing my body and confidence to the limits. That is, until, I took my first class of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Lake Effect Martial Arts (LEMA).
 When I joined the LEMA family, I was the heaviest I been in my life and pushing an obese weight of 290lbs at the height of 6’0. I was extremely intimidated and embarrassed to start training in a martial art once again knowing how heavy I was, let alone a martial art I have absolutely no familiarity! However, due to the amazing culture and leadership of the academy, I felt right as if I was training on the mats there for months. Everyone is extremely helpful, friendly and always willing to assist (Professors and students); does not matter if your tall, short, heavy, skinny, everyone is training together on their jiu-jitsu journey. You’re not alone at LEMA or just “another number” at a gym, and the inviting family-like culture demonstrates the second-to-none leadership from the professors.
 In only 5 ½ months I have shed 50lbs and counting! Along with the weight loss, I am the most flexible and mobile I have been in my life and this is including my earlier martial arts years. Jiu-Jitsu is very challenging and will push your mind and body to the limits, but, you’re not on this journey alone.
 Regardless of what someone’s goals are: lose weight, get in better shape, compete or learn self-defense with arguably the most efficient martial arts in the world, there is no other place to train other than Lake Effect. I am grateful for taking the leap into the world of Jiu-Jitsu and looking forward to conquering more goals with the Lake Effect team!

 Daniel Ayd I was in town for work and Michael welcomed me to join any session that worked for my 42 year old white belt self which happened to be a 6:30am intro session on a cold November morning. Gym was very clean, spacious and well appointed with timers, cubbies, seating and changing space. I love their appreciation for foot hygiene! Great location with lots of windows and a big parking lot--super easy to find and convenient to Buffalo. Greg was the instructor for this session and he spent a lot of time with a thorough warm-up and individualized attention during reps. He even got involved in the gauntlet-style positional grappling which I seldom see black belts risk their noses and lips with us white belts! I hope to come back in the future... thanks again for the hospitality!
 Like

 David Skorka Great Professor (Mike) and Coach Joao... Very welcoming and glad I was able to make class. My 67th school to train at and it was like I had trained here all the time. Tough rolls and all around good peeps... Not to mention a really nicely laid out facility. Being Born and raised in Buffalo and being home visiting it had that warm Buffalo welcome. Look forward to training here again.

 Hugo Hur Dropped in for a No-Gi class while in Buffalo where I’ll be traveling now for work. Facility, staff, and instructors were great. They made me feel welcomed and got some good rounds in. Look forward to coming back next time I’m in town.
 -Traveling Brown Belt from Philly

 Mike Wags Absolutely the best martial arts school i have ever had a privelage to visit. Excellent family atmosphere, top of the line instructors and an amazing student base. Everyone was extremely helpful and took time to explain how the techniques worked. I highly recommend this school no mat bullies no spazes just a nurturing environment to bring out the absolute best in oneself. I cannot stress enough the amount of time and care the professors take with their students. For anyone thinking about training there really is no better academy in western New York.

 Brittni Szprygada Lake Effect Martial Arts is the best place in WNY if you are interested in: learning or training jiu jitsu, learning self-defense techniques, trying to get your kid into a positive hobby/sport (or "bully-proofing"), or if you're looking to improve your MMA game strategies. This state of the art gym is a bright, clean facility unlike others in the area. The coaches have trained and competed jiu jitsu all over the world. They take the gentle art seriously, they are each very dedicated to learning and improving their skills, and teaching the most cutting edge techniques to their students. These guys are patient, articulate, professional and encouraging as coaches - they want to help people to be their best on and off the mats. Check them out!

 Michael Jones I’ve dropped in a few places and the first half an hour of class is always awkward. You don’t know anyone, you don’t know where the lockers are etc. This is the most welcoming place you can find. There are just good guys there. They shake your hand, they like and want to help to white belts- great place to spend your time, can't wait to come back.

 Minhaz Awesome place to train, great environment with supportive teammates that makes the academy feel like an extension of your family.

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Teen / Adult Jiu Jitsu Program

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE & SPECIAL WEB OFFER!
 ## REQUEST INFORMATION
 Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY

 ## Our Studio We’re centrally located right off the 33 at the Dick Road exit near the Buffalo Niagara Airport. We proudly hold over 6300 square feet in our academy and are certain we can fit your needs. With spacious changing rooms, individual showers in both the mens and womens rooms, a boxing and fitness room, two seperate matted training rooms and a sauna, we offer a cut above the rest.
