---
source_url: http://lakeeffectbjj.com/program/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://lakeeffectbjj.com/program/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:56.706Z
---

# Learn to Fight and Defend Yourself in a Fun Setting Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and fighting technique that is designed to help people of any size defend themselves. It’s also a terrific way to tone and firm your body and reap the health benefits of martial arts.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Lake Effect Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ARE YOU DEALING WITH
 ## ANY OF THESE TROUBLES?
 Do you want to lose weight and tone your muscles?

 Do you want to feel prepared to defend yourself if you need to?

 Are you ready to feel new levels of self-confidence and pride?

 TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT FROM THE SAME OLD ROUTINE
 ## GETTING IN SHAPE IS IMPORTANT FOR PEOPLE OF ALL AGES AND SIZES Studying martial arts provides you with a physical challenge combined with a mental one – and teaches you to defend yourself, too.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique form of martial arts that teaches students to leverage their body weight to use in the ring or against an attacker. A descendant of Judo, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is both a sport and a martial art – and it’s fun to learn.

 ## RESULTS AND GROWTH WITH EVERY CLASS! Studying Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can help you get in the best shape of your life. It’s a great way to lose weight, tone your muscles, and learn the key things you need to know to be able to defend yourself – even against an opponent who’s larger than you are.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU BUILDS MUSCLE AND MAXIMIZES PHYSICAL FITNESS Brazilian Jiu Jitsu provides an intense, full-body workout that’s the perfect way to lose weight, increase your muscle mass, and get into great shape.
 By combining cardiovascular training with toning and training, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu students push their bodies hard and learn what they are capable of.
 It’s a great way to burn calories in a fun and supportive setting that encourages all students to do their best.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU TEACHES PRACTICAL SELF-DEFENSE TECHNIQUES The thought of having to defend yourself against a bigger, stronger assailant might be scary, but Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is designed to help you overcome your fears.
 By teaching students to take the fight to the ground where they can use chokeholds and other effective techniques to defend themselves, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu helps leverage even a small body into a huge problem for an attacker.
 Best of all, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu builds strength and agility, both of which help in self-defense situations.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU STUDENTS WALK WITH CONFIDENCE There’s no feeling quite like the feeling of knowing that your body is strong, agile, and able to do whatever you want it to do.
 Studying Brazilian Jiu Jitsu gives students the knowledge that they can leverage their body’s strength to accomplish things they never thought possible.
 Over time, it increases self-confidence – and that carries over to work, home, and every area of your personal life.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU COMPETITIONS PROVIDE A UNIQUE CHALLENGE Students who have a natural competitive drive love Brazilian Jiu Jitsu because it’s a sport as well as a self-defense method.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu requires students to spar and fight in class. They can also choose to compete to prove their ability or to advance to new levels of achievement.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitions help students set goals and work toward them – and to relish the experience of victory.

 Hugo Hur Dropped in for a No-Gi class while in Buffalo where I’ll be traveling now for work. Facility, staff, and instructors were great. They made me feel welcomed and got some good rounds in. Look forward to coming back next time I’m in town.
 -Traveling Brown Belt from Philly

 Daniel Ayd I was in town for work and Michael welcomed me to join any session that worked for my 42 year old white belt self which happened to be a 6:30am intro session on a cold November morning. Gym was very clean, spacious and well appointed with timers, cubbies, seating and changing space. I love their appreciation for foot hygiene! Great location with lots of windows and a big parking lot--super easy to find and convenient to Buffalo. Greg was the instructor for this session and he spent a lot of time with a thorough warm-up and individualized attention during reps. He even got involved in the gauntlet-style positional grappling which I seldom see black belts risk their noses and lips with us white belts! I hope to come back in the future... thanks again for the hospitality!
 Like

 Chris Kwilas I participated and competed in various martial arts in my life. Everything from Tae Kwon Do, Kempo, and Karate in my younger years and even trained in Muay Thai for two years in my late 20s. I was always a heavier set build and I thought I have experienced what I could out of martial arts regarding weight loss while pushing my body and confidence to the limits. That is, until, I took my first class of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Lake Effect Martial Arts (LEMA).
 When I joined the LEMA family, I was the heaviest I been in my life and pushing an obese weight of 290lbs at the height of 6’0. I was extremely intimidated and embarrassed to start training in a martial art once again knowing how heavy I was, let alone a martial art I have absolutely no familiarity! However, due to the amazing culture and leadership of the academy, I felt right as if I was training on the mats there for months. Everyone is extremely helpful, friendly and always willing to assist (Professors and students); does not matter if your tall, short, heavy, skinny, everyone is training together on their jiu-jitsu journey. You’re not alone at LEMA or just “another number” at a gym, and the inviting family-like culture demonstrates the second-to-none leadership from the professors.
 In only 5 ½ months I have shed 50lbs and counting! Along with the weight loss, I am the most flexible and mobile I have been in my life and this is including my earlier martial arts years. Jiu-Jitsu is very challenging and will push your mind and body to the limits, but, you’re not on this journey alone.
 Regardless of what someone’s goals are: lose weight, get in better shape, compete or learn self-defense with arguably the most efficient martial arts in the world, there is no other place to train other than Lake Effect. I am grateful for taking the leap into the world of Jiu-Jitsu and looking forward to conquering more goals with the Lake Effect team!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Lake Effect Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## FAQs
 Do I need to know jiu-jitsu or Judo to study Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, you don’t. There are beginner classes available and many of the people who study Brazilian Jiu Jitsu have no prior martial arts training.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help me defend myself?
 Absolutely. It’s one of the world’s most effective self-defense techniques and is often preferred because it teaches students to leverage their body weight to defeat larger opponents.

 Do I need any special equipment to study Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Students typically wear a Gi (two-piece garment worn by martial artists.) It is also typical for some students may want to wear a mouth guard. It’s a good idea to have a supply of athletic tape, as well.

 Will taking Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes help me lose weight?
 It can, particularly if you combine Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes with a healthy diet and lifestyle. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu provides a great, full-body workout that burns calories, builds muscles, and boosts the metabolism.

 As a beginner, do I need to spar?
 No. Beginner classes focus on teaching basic techniques and safety, and you can then work your way up to controlled sparring in class.

 ## MORE BENEFITS
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training relieves stress and anxiety and increases mental well-being.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu helps build strength, flexibility, and endurance.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu improves cardiovascular fitness and overall health.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu strengthens the mind-body connection, improves concentration, and encourages discipline and goal-setting.

 ##### ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 ## EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 GET STARTED TODAY
