---
source_url: https://www.mountaindivisionjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.mountaindivisionjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:24.875Z
---

Button

 Button

 CALL US TODAY 828-712-2877

 Request More Information
 Reserve Your First Class

 Now Offering Jiu-jitsu In Two Locations

 Community Driven: Building the Individual One Roll at a Time

 # Welcome to Mountain Division AMERICAN Jiu-Jitsu in Fletcher & Hendersonville, NC
 Discover a safe, family-friendly, and positive learning environment where camaraderie, respect, and teamwork flourish. At Mountain Division American Jiu-Jitsu, we provide the highest level of instruction, focusing on holistic development that strengthens the mind, body, and spirit. With locations in Fletcher and Hendersonville, you can train where it’s most convenient while becoming part of a community built on discipline, growth, and support.

 Sign Up for a Free Trial Now! ## Fletcher Location Weekly Schedule

 Monday

 All Levels Jiu-Jitsu 11am-12pm
 Kids Class 5-5:45pm
 All Levels Jiu-jitsu 6pm-8pm

 Tuesday

 Kickboxing 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Fundamentals 6:30pm-7:30pm
 No-GI Jiu-jitsu 7:30-8:30

 Wednesday

 All Levels Jiu-Jitsu 11am-12pm
 Kids Class 5-5:45pm
 All Levels Jiu-jitsu 6pm-8pm

 Thursday

 Kickboxing 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Fundamentals 6:30pm-7:30pm
 No-GI Jiu-jitsu 7:30-8:30

 Friday

 All Levels Jiu-Jitsu 11am-12pm

 Saturday

 Kids Open Mat 9am-9:45am
 Adult Open Mat 10am-12pm

 Sunday

 Study Roll/drill 7am-8am
 Judo Open Mat 2pm-3pm

 ## Hendersonville Location Weekly Schedule

 Monday

 Kids Classes (8-13yr)
 5pm -5:45pm
 Adult Classes 6pm - 7:30pm

 Tuesday

 Adult Class
 11am-12pm

 Wednesday

 Kids Classes (8-13yr)
 5pm -5:45pm
 Adult Classes 6pm - 7:30pm

 Thursday

 Adult Class
 11am-12pm

 Friday

 Adult Classes 6pm - 7:30pm

 Saturday

 Closed

 Sunday

 Closed

 ## How to Choose a Gym

 ### First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Program Choose an Interest Muay Thai Kickboxing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Mixed Martial Arts Kids Martial Arts Boxing Fitness Kickboxing

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 ## Kids AJJ:
 We believe in starting martial arts education from an early age. Our Kids AJJ program introduces children to the principles of American Jiu-Jitsu in a fun and interactive way. We prioritize their safety, self-confidence, and character development, teaching them valuable life skills that extend beyond the mat.

 ## Adult AJJ:
 Our Adult AJJ classes are designed for individuals of all skill levels. Whether you're a beginner looking to learn the fundamentals or an experienced practitioner seeking to refine your technique, our expert instructors will guide you on your journey. Join our supportive community and train in a challenging yet inclusive environment.

 ## Open Mat:
 Unleash your creativity and refine your skills during our Open Mat sessions. These unstructured training sessions provide you with the opportunity to practice techniques, spar with fellow practitioners, and experiment with your Jiu-Jitsu in a free-flowing environment.

 ## Self-Defense Classes/Kickboxing:
 Gain practical self-defense skills and boost your confidence with our self-defense classes. Learn effective techniques to protect yourself and your loved ones in real-world situations while improving your overall fitness and mental resilience.

 ## Fitness Classes:
 Enhance your physical fitness and overall well-being with our fitness classes. We offer a range of exercises and conditioning programs designed to improve your strength, endurance, and flexibility, complementing your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training.

 ## Seminars:
 Take advantage of our seminars led by renowned instructors and experts in American Jiu-Jitsu. These special events offer a unique opportunity to deepen your understanding of the art, learn advanced techniques, and gain insights from seasoned practitioners.

 ## Competition:
 For those seeking a competitive edge, we offer specialized training and support for tournaments and competitions. Our experienced coaches will help you develop strategies, improve your technique, and prepare mentally and physically to compete at your best.

 Phone: 828-712-2877 | Email: info@ftwbjjasheville.com
 232 Old Airport Road, Fletcher NC 28732 | 115 Four Season Mall, Hendersonville, NC 28792
 Affiliation: Marc Laimon / Cobra Kai Jiu Jitsu

 Content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. Downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

 Share by:
