---
source_url: http://www.mcminnvillejiujitsu.com/gracie-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://mcminnvillejiujitsu.com/gracie-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.982Z
---

# Discover your potential and achieve your goals with martial arts training. Discover your potential and achieve your goals with martial arts training. Discover your potential and achieve your goals with martial arts training. Discover your potential and achieve your goals with martial arts training.

 Call Now to Book a Free Class

 #### Welcome to McMinnville Jiu-Jitsu Academy We are McMinnville's premier martial arts school. We offer reality based martial arts classes for both children and adults in a clean, safe, and friendly enviornment.

 ## Adult Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Jiu-Jitsu is a leverage based martial art that was developed in Brazil. Our adult Jiu-Jitsu program is a great way to get in shape while learning proven self-defense techniques that work. When you join our team you will surround yourself with a group of quality people that will motivate you and help you to succeed.

 ## Jiu-Jitsu for kids 5-12yrs old We have the absolute best children's martial arts program in Middle Tennessee! Kids learn techniques that help keep them safe, give them problem solving skills, teach them to overcome adversity, and classes are fun and entertaining, too. Giving a young child Jiu-Jitsu training is giving them an edge in life!

 ## Video Check out this great video

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - -

 Email

 contact us

 ## Contact Us #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person! We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.

 #### McMinnville Jiu-Jitsu Academy 112-116 North Spring Street, Mc Minnville, Tennessee 37110, United States
 (931)261-4183 / jiujitsumcminnville@gmail.com

 #### Hours Open today | 03:30 pm – 07:45 pm |

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
