---
source_url: http://chuanfaacademy.com
final_url: https://www.chuanfaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:15.699Z
---

### Chuan Fa Martial Arts Academy ## Get in shape, build confidence, change your life Chuan Fa Academy is a traditional self-defense school, teaching Kenpo Karate. Located in the Waldo neighborhood of Kansas City since 2013. Focusing on practical self-defense, and application of technique. We teach both adults and children.

 ## Features At Chuan Fa Martial Arts Academy, we stand apart from the crowd. Here are a few of the advantages of our martial arts training that you won’t find elsewhere:

 - - Honor Who are you when no one is looking? Our school prides itself on the honor we instill in our student base. - Discipline Martial arts is built on self-discipline. At Chuan Fa Martial Arts Academy, you’ll reach your goals, work hard, and learn skills that last a lifetime. - Humility At Chuan Fa Academy, whether it’s bowing to your opponents or behaving in class, respect and humility are at the heart of martial arts. - Character Develop high character by persevering through difficult times, putting others before yourself, and doing what it takes to succeed.

 #### Chuan Fa Martial Arts Academy ### Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5+) At Chuan Fa Martial Arts Academy we teach traditional Chinese self-defense. We teach the same system to a 5 year old as we do an adult, with all the same requirements.
 Learn More

 #### Chuan Fa Martial Arts Academy ### Adults Martial Arts Chuan Fa Academy offers an excellent self-defense system for adults. Most people who are looking for real street self-defense are not interested in belts, tournaments and competitions.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - Great, patient instructor with a lot of passion for what he does and how he teaches. Laura E. Member - We started a month ago. My 7 yo is really enjoying the classes and learning a lot. Definitely 2 thumbs up. Give it a try if you’re contemplating it. Michael H. Parent - The trainer is more than just a teacher/coach. He has a gift of knowing how to train each individual to meet their goals specific to the student's individual needs. Arn M. Parent and Member - The tradition and the lineage are ever present. The joy and the dedication abound! Everybody smiles, everybody trains hard, and everyone feels like a family! Chris P. Parent and Member - Our son was a bit hesitant initially, but the instructor, as well as the other kids and parents, were patient and encouraging. Now he loves it! Jen S. Parent - It's like working with family. The owner Chris is really a nice guy and my daughter seems to really enjoy his teachings. Patricia M. Parent

 ### Why Should you Learn Kenpo?
 ### Are you an easy target for violence? Learn personal safety skills and habits that can decrease your risks, and increase your confidence. Our program is traditionally taught with a combination of group and one on one lessons to customize the training for each student’s strengths to achieve an effective form of self-defense. Chuan Fa is a comprehensive system that promotes martial arts as a way of life. The most serious student commits to embark on a quest for complete physical, mental, and emotional peace. The learning is in-depth; the journey, like life, has no true end. We aim to empower all students to use this fighting style, and art to conquer modern-day physical and mental challenges.

 #### Try a FREE Class Today! Sign Up Today!

 ##### FREE Trial Class ×
