---
source_url: http://www.jiujitsudo.com
final_url: https://www.jiujitsudharmaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:33.280Z
---

Send us a Text!
 Send us a Text!

 Call us!
 Call us!

 ## Art ## Discipline ## Self Awareness

 “I am a student of Jiujitsu, and it has changed my life for the better. My goal is to share the beauty of this art and lifestyle”
 -Mythical Bull

 BOOK NOW!
 BOOK NOW!

 ## History of Jiujitsu Dharma The lineage of the art of Jiujitsu dates back to, and beyond the Samurai of Japan. The Samurai practiced Jiujitsu within the system of Bushido. They lived by “the code” or the “dharma” of the Bushi/Blade. This holistic and devotional approach was anointed within the practice since Bodhidharma’s influence at the Shaolin Temple in China around 527 AD. Today Bodhidharma is known as Daruma in Japan and is considered the founder of Zen Buddhism.
 Only in the last century, Jigoro Kano encoded the Jiujitsu practice and called it Judo. His goal was to make the practice available to the public for self awareness and children’s development. Kano’s Jiujitsu took it’s route from the Samurai to Brazil due to his student Mitsuya Maeda and it sparked the evolution of Brazilian Jiujitsu today since the beginning of 1900s.
 Overtime the practice was diluted and outdated due to the miraculous evolution of the art in the Brazilian culture along with the change in socio-economic structure of the world.
 Jiujitsudo’s teachings represent the teaching of Self-Awareness these Zen Masters have engraved in the practice of Jiujitsu and the lineage of Bodhidharma.
 Here at Darruma today, we offer you a world class jiujitsu system alongside the meditative space needed to experience a deeper connection to the Self.

 The Lineage of Jiujitsu Dharma
 Bodhidharma >Jigoro Kano > Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie > Carlson Gracie > Andre Pederneiras > Ramon Lemos > Guilherme Mendes > Burc Sachprakash Gundogar > Your name here

 Start your journey today
 Start your journey today

 # Programs

 #### A holistic approach to practicing Modern Jiujitsu for adults and kids ages 3+. #### Request more information about each of our programs below.

 Contact us for more information
 Contact us for more information

 # Plan Your Visit

 ### Parking BETWEEN 9am - 6pm :
 Please park in the dirt parking lot to the SW of our neighbor, Absolute Flooring. This parking lot is reserved for our use! Parking behind the dojo is only for first-time customers and seniors . There are two handicap spaces behind the dojo. Please reserve these spots for those who need them.
 Kids Class DROP-OFF:
 GRAVEL PATCH IN FRONT OF DOJO : For kids who feel comfortable getting out of the car without their parents: Please drive in heading east towards Hickox Street and drop off your child. We will help you get your child into the dojo safely through the front door.
 Before 9am and after 6pm, parking is available behind the dojo.

 ### Frequently Asked Questions #### Do I need to wear a white gi? Yes, at Jiujitsu Dharma Academy we ask that you wear a white gi to train. We have loaner gis available for use.
 #### What should I bring to my first jiujitsu class? We will provide you with a gi uniform to borrow for your trial class. Under the gi, we recommend wearing shorts, leggings, or thin sweats on bottom, and a t-shirt on top. Please also bring a pair of slip-on shoes to wear off the mats, as well as a water bottle.
 #### Do I need to make reservations to attend classes? No, you do not need to make reservations, however we ask that you arrive at least 15 minutes early so that you can fill out a waiver and provide your contact information. If you are under the age of 18, you will need to be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
 #### Do you rent Gi’s? Yes, we rent gi’s for $15 per class. For your first class we provide a free gi rental.
 #### Do you have showers and locker rooms? No, we do not have showers or locker rooms. We have a bathroom and changing area in the studio along with cubbies in the front of the studio to store your belongings.
 #### Do you offer private lessons? Yes, we offer private lessons and you can email us at admin@darruma.com for more information on available instructors and pricing.

 ### Visitor Passes

 One Day Visitor Pass
 One Day Visitor Pass

 One Week Visitor Pass
 One Week Visitor Pass
