---
source_url: http://hitechmartialarts.com/
final_url: https://hitechmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:35.210Z
---

- risingtidehitech@gmail.com - 410-953-8492

 Menu

 # Best Martial Arts School in Hanover

 "An amazing experience." We transform kids into leaders full of discipline and focus. We help adults get fit and safe, fast. And we do it with FUN classes, amazing community, and action-packed martial arts. Try us risk-free today. Start your journey to a better you with the best martial arts training in Howard, Anne Arundel and Baltimore county

 - Our Hanover members see results fast. You'll see the difference in as little as 1 week.

 ## LIMITED TIME OFFER See This Month's Amazing Deal Before It's Gone

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Little Sharks Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 5-7) Junior Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 7-13) Beginners Jiu-Jitsu Course (Ages 14+) Adult Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 14+) Women Only Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 14+) Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5-13) Adult Muay Thai (Ages 14+) Mixed Martial Arts (Ages 14+) Adult Boxing (Ages 14+) Adult Judo (Ages 14+) Birthday Parties

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Rising Tide Hi Tech. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 Best kids and adults martial arts center in Hanover. See why hundreds of Hanover residents love our martial arts classes for their kids. You’ll love our fun, friendly community of members.

 We are a We Defy sponsored academy.
 To learn more, please visit: wedefyfoundation.org.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Hanover Grappling skills build real-world self-defense. Fun group games & activities build positive social skills. Practicing & training to advance in belts builds focus, drive, and discipline. These Hanover kids Jiu-Jitsu classes won't just get your child fit & strong - they'll grow tools for success in life.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsuin Hanover Most fights end up on the ground. To protect yourself, there's no martial art more powerful than Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. These adult martial arts classes teach you grappling skills that even work against much larger opponents. Make friends, get fit, and grow your confidence as you master these Hanover adult BJJ classes.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Women's Only Jiu-Jitsuin Hanover Ready to train in a space that’s safe, supportive, and empowering? Our Women’s Only Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Hanover offer the ideal environment for women of all experience levels to learn, grow, and build lasting confidence—on and off the mat.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Kids Muay Thaiin Hanover Let's get you fit, fast. And give you real-world tactics to keep you safe. Our kids Muay Thai classes here in Hanover are so fun they're addicting. Our amazing community of kind boys & girls welcomes your child. Friendships are born in every class. And their confidence will soar as they accomplish so much, so fast.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Muay Thaiin Hanover Adult Muay Thai classes in Hanover, an invigorating program designed to teach the art of Muay Thai while providing an exceptional workout. Our classes cater to adults of all skill levels, from beginners to experienced practitioners, offering a comprehensive approach to learning and mastering Muay Thai.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult MMAin Hanover Grappling? Check. Striking? Check. Our Hanover adult Mixed Martial Arts classes give you the most well-rounded self-defense you can find. You'll grow stronger, faster, more agile. All while having a ton of fun and making friends in every class. Come try it now.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Boxingin Hanover Master close-range striking and clinch control with our Boxing program in Hanover. Learn practical tactics, sharp hand fighting, and powerful short-range strikes in a structured, high-energy environment. Build skill, confidence, and real-world effectiveness—no experience needed.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Judoin Hanover Discover the art of Judo in Hanover—build strength, confidence, and discipline through dynamic training that’s fun, safe, and welcoming for all ages and skill levels.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Beginners Jiu-Jitsu Coursein Hanover Been thinking about learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)? Have a friend you’re hoping will join you in training? Rising Tide Hi Tech is now offering an Intro to BJJ Course. This is an 4-week course with 2 classes a week that will amplify your learning curve!

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Birthday Partiesin Hanover Get ready for a birthday party so awesome, your child will beg to come back. Our Hanover birthday parties are perfect for kids with OR without any martial arts training. If your child loves to have fun - and you love to relax as we handle all the hard work - then this is for you.

 LEARN MORE our program

 PARTY RSVP

 ## why CHOOSE Rising Tide Hi Tech?

 We opened our martial arts school here in Hanover with a simple mission: Help our community get safer, and stronger — inside and out. For thousands of years, martial arts has helped millions of people become their best selves. As you master the techniques, train hard, form bonds with your classmates — you transform on the inside too. Your confidence grows. Your focus grows. Your discipline grows. You’re able to achieve more in your day-to-day life.
 Kids do better in school and find it easier to make friends and socialize. Adults focus more intently on their careers, relationships, and family. And knowing that you have the skills to keep you and your loved ones safe gives peace of mind. We’re committed to our community, and to you. Come try us out with our amazing web special and see for yourself, today.

 ### Your child’s safety is our top priority. Hi-Tech Martials Arts conducts background checks on all instructors and staff through SportsEngine/NCSI, the trusted screening platform used by sports organizations nationwide.

 “ Pretty nice gym with awesome people! The classes are a blast and they have a huge variety of instructors! “

 “Whether you’re looking to learn a martial art, Self defense, Or just simply want to get in shape this gym covers all basis. The facility is very nice and and the instructors are very knowledgeable. “

 “ Great place for kids to learn Brazilian jiu jitsu and self defense! I take my kids here and they love all the coaches! All of the owners have been so welcoming to my kids/ our family. “

 “ A rising tide lifts all boats. By empowering my son through martial arts, I believe he can help uplift others and bring the best out of his community. The precious time spent here learning will pay dividends in his life.”

 “Awesome instructors, a comfortable environment. 10/10 would recommend for a challenging but fun time.”

 “Hands down , all jokes aside .This is a great academy and location. A very clean , organized and structured environment/ facility ! Naqi , Ted and Anton along with the other instructors do a great job here not just teaching Gracie jiujitsu but also culture which means a lot to me.”

 ## It's the will. Not the skill.

 ## Build Self-Discipline

 Your starting fitness and skill levels don’t matter – as long as you put in the effort in every class, you’ll see results.

 ## Gain Confidence

 When you step out of your comfort zone in our classes, you allow space for unshakable confidence to grow.

 ## Improve Focus

 Mindfulness practices don’t go away when you step off the mat. The skills you gain in class flow into everything you do.

 ## About our programs

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Hanover After just 1 class, you'll see why parents and kids here rave about these Hanover kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. Parents are shocked as your child develops focus, respect, confidence. Kids love making friends, and the exciting fitness & training. Get started today, risk-free.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsuin Hanover Our Hanover adult Jiu-Jitsu classes help you grow into the confident, strong person they're capable of becoming. Teens need guidance and community to become their best selves. They need fitness to let out stress & stay healthy. And they need to know how to protect themselves should the need arise. We've got you covered on all fronts.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Women's Only Jiu-Jitsuin Hanover Looking for a fun and empowering way to get fit, learn self-defense, and connect with a supportive community? Our Women’s Only Jiu-Jitsu program in Hanover is designed for women of all skill levels who want to build strength, confidence, and resilience in a safe, welcoming environment.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Kids Muay Thaiin Hanover Amazing community? Check. Action-packed, body-toning fitness? Check. Life-saving martial arts? Check. Our Hanover adult martial arts classes make you stronger - inside and out. As your body transforms, so does your mind. That's the thousands-year-old secret of martial arts.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Muay Thaiin Hanover Adult Muay Thai and experience the transformative power of Muay Thai. Whether you're looking to get in shape, learn self-defense, or advance your skills, our program offers a comprehensive and rewarding experience.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult MMAin Hanover Action-packed, calorie-crushing workouts. Powerful self-defense. Awesome community where you'll make friends fast. These Hanover adult Mixed Martial Arts classes are the ultimate way to get fitter, stronger, safer. And as you train, and master challenging techniques, your confidence will soar.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Boxingin Hanover Level up your striking with our Boxing classes in Hanover. Train effective clinch work, close-quarters punches, and smart tactical movement while building strength and confidence. A fast, practical path to stronger real-world skills.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Judoin Hanover Judo in Hanover offers structured training in a classic Olympic martial art, focusing on technique, fitness, respect, and personal growth both on and off the mat.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Beginners Jiu-Jitsu Coursein Hanover Start your martial arts journey with our Beginners Jiu-Jitsu Course in Hanover, designed specifically for teens and adults ages 14 and up. Whether you’re new to martial arts or looking to build a solid foundation, this course will help you learn the core techniques and principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a supportive, beginner-friendly environment.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Birthday Partiesin Hanover Hey Hanover parents - want to throw your child and their friends an amazing party but without all the hassle and hard work? Let us take care of everything. We'll keep all the kids entertained and engaged while you relax & enjoy... Fair enough? Learn more about our Hanover kids birthday parties today.

 LEARN MORE our program

 PARTY RSVP

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Does Martial Arts Training Ever Turn Kids Into Bullies?
 Bullies are rooted in insecurity and fear. But our Hanover kids martial arts classes grow confidence, focus, and respect. And our group training builds positive social skills and confidence. So long story short: No! Your child won’t become a bully, and there are no bullies in our classes either!

 Should Parents Stay And Watch?
 That is up to you! If you need some ‘me time’ — go grab a coffee and relax. Your child is in great hands. If you’d like to stay and observe, you’re welcome to do that as well, and make friends with the other parents. We’ve got a great community here in our Hanover martial arts school and can’t wait for you to become part of it.

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No way! Some folks come to us who have never exercised in their lives. Others have athlete-levels of fitness. That’s the beauty of martial arts — everyone starts at the same place. And although you’re in a group setting, you’re on your own personal journey. Some people advance faster than others. Every pace is okay. There’s no ego here in our Hanover kids and adult martial arts classes. Just support and positivity.

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 There is no real answer for this! And we’d urge you to be cautious of any school that gives you one. The truth is, the path to black belt is a deeply personal and individual journey. Some folks have natural talent and practice hard every day. Other people need to spend more time building coordination and fitness.
 It’s not about getting to black belt, it’s about you becoming a better version of yourself along the way. As you train, overcome obstacles, make friends, find support — you’ll become a stronger you, inside and out.
 And our instructors here at Rising Tide Hi Tech Hanover are committed to you every step.

 How Do I Claim My Limited Time Offer?
 Assuming all spots are not taken — claiming your amazing web special is easy.
 1) Scroll to the top of this page and fill out the form. Or…
 2) Click to access any of our program-specific pages, and fill out the form on that page. Or…
 3) Give us a call at 410-953-8492! We’re happy to sign you up over the phone too!
 Spots are limited so please hurry. We’d hate to see you miss out.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 For your first martial arts class here at Rising Tide Hi Tech in Hanover you’ll only need a few things: comfy clothes, a water bottle, and an open mind.
 It’s perfectly natural to be nervous your first time too. Happens to everyone! As soon as you see how kind and welcoming our community here is, that will disappear.

 I'm Not Very Sporty Or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all! Hanover men, women, and children of all fitness levels come to us, whether it’s for kids or adult martial arts. Come as you are!
 Some of our top students were unfit and uncoordinated at first. Now they’re performing techniques they never dreamed possible. The confidence they gained realizing what they were capable of is the biggest gift of the process.
 All you have to do is show up. We’ll take care of the rest.
