---
source_url: https://combatsocialclub.com/schedule/
final_url: https://combatsocialclub.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:28.023Z
---

# Class Schedule At Combat Social Club Martial Arts, we believe that martial arts training can be a powerful tool for personal growth and transformation. Our programs are designed to help our students develop not just physical strength and skill, but also mental and emotional resilience, confidence, and discipline. Our supportive community of instructors and students will help you overcome challenges and achieve your goals, both on and off the training mat. Offering lessons in Jiu-Jitsu, No-Gi, Mixed Martial Arts, and Submission Grappling.

 ## Monday - Kids BJJ 5:15pm – 6pm - Gi BJJ 6pm – 7pm - Gi BJJ 7pm – 8pm

 ## Tuesday - 7-8 Wrestling

 ## Wednesday - Kids BJJ 5:15pm – 6pm - Gi BJJ 6pm – 7pm - Gi BJJ 7pm – 8pm

 ## Thursday - Kids BJJ 5:15pm – 6pm - Judo / No Gi BJJ 6pm – 7pm - MMA 7pm – 8pm

 ## Friday - Gi BJJ 7pm

 ## Saturday - Kids BJJ 10:15am – 11am - Social Hour BJJ 11am – 1pm

 ## Programs & Membership

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## Judo

 ## Wrestling

 ## Women

 ## Kids

 ## Memberships

 ## FREE TRIAL CLASS! No cost, no obligation, take a tour of the facilities and meet our team. We will answer any questions you may have!
 ## Military & First REsponder Discounts Available We enthusiastically offer our Discounted Memberships to our local heroes! This special offer showcases discounted rates as a heartfelt token of our appreciation for the invaluable service and dedication you continually provide to our community.

 ## Combat Social Trial Class Sign-Up
