---
source_url: https://combatsocialclub.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://combatsocialclub.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:28.108Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Programs | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 At Combat Social Club, we offer a comprehensive Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) program designed to cater to individuals of all ages and skill levels. Whether you’re a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, our program provides a supportive and challenging environment for growth and development in this martial art.
 VIEW SCHEDULE

 ## brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training Programs Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) provides athletes with benefits that go far beyond the gym, such as increased physical fitness, weight loss, higher energy, and better productivity. But there’s one life skill that really sets BJJ apart from other forms of martial arts – its self defense training. Self defense is a skill that every person should have under their belt and, lucky for you, Jiu Jitsu is one of the best types of self defense that money can buy. Read about all of the awesome BJJ programs we offer!

 ## Adult Gi Our adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) classes at Combat Social Club are meticulously designed for individuals aged 13 and older, offering a structured yet encouraging atmosphere for practitioners from all walks of life. Training in BJJ with a gi not only adds an element of realism to self-defense scenarios but also provides numerous health benefits, making it an excellent choice for anyone looking to enhance their physical and mental well-being.
 The use of the gi in BJJ training is fundamental, as it allows practitioners to learn grips and techniques that are directly applicable to real-world self-defense situations where clothing is involved. This aspect of training helps develop a practical skill set that can be vital in self-protection. Additionally, the physical demands of maneuvering and controlling an opponent with the gi promote significant improvements in physical fitness, including increased strength, flexibility, and cardiovascular health.

 ## Adult No Gi Jiu Jitsu without the gi, often referred to as no-gi Jiu Jitsu, presents a different set of challenges and opportunities compared to traditional gi-based grappling. One of the key distinctions in no-gi Jiu Jitsu is the absence of traditional grips found on the gi, such as collars, sleeves, and pants, which forces practitioners to adapt to a more dynamic and fluid form of grappling. This adaptation is crucial for self-defense in real-world scenarios where an assailant may not be wearing clothes that offer reliable grips. The emphasis in no-gi training on underhooks, overhooks, and body locks translates well to these situations, making it an essential component of a well-rounded grappling repertoire.

 ## For Women ### Women’s Beginner (13+) At Combat Social Club, we are deeply committed to fostering an inclusive and empowering environment specifically tailored for women in martial arts. Recognizing the unique challenges and opportunities that women face in this field, our club goes beyond traditional training to ensure that every woman, regardless of her skill level or previous experience, finds a supportive, safe, and encouraging space to learn and grow. Through specialized programs and a strong community spirit, we aim to enhance the martial arts journey for all our female members, helping them gain confidence, skills, and lasting connections.
 READ MORE

 ## For Kids For younger practitioners aged 4-12, our BJJ program offers specialized classes designed to introduce children to the fundamentals of martial arts in a safe and engaging environment. Our experienced instructors emphasize the importance of discipline, respect, and teamwork while teaching essential self-defense techniques tailored to children’s abilities and developmental stages. Through fun drills and interactive games, kids will build confidence, improve coordination, and learn valuable life skills that extend beyond the mat.
 READ MORE

 - - - - - - - - -

 ## FREE TRIAL CLASS! No cost, no obligation, take a tour of the facilities and meet our team. We will answer any questions you may have!
 ## Military & First REsponder Discounts Available We enthusiastically offer our Discounted Memberships to our local heroes! This special offer showcases discounted rates as a heartfelt token of our appreciation for the invaluable service and dedication you continually provide to our community.

 ## Combat Social Trial Class Sign-Up
