---
source_url: https://combatsocialclub.com/programs/
final_url: https://combatsocialclub.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:28.191Z
---

# CSC Martial Arts Training Programs Whether you’re interested in the intricate ground game of Jiu-Jitsu, refining your striking abilities, or delving into the world of MMA and Thai Boxing. Our experienced instructors provide comprehensive instruction in a supportive and inclusive environment. Our programs are designed not only to develop physical skills but also to foster mental resilience. As well as discipline, and camaraderie among participants. With structured curriculum and personalized attention, we ensure that each member progresses at their own pace. Achieving their goals while enjoying the journey.
 CALL US

 ## Diversified Training Options Available Self-defense programs come in multiple disciplines. Combat Social Club understands that to be a well-rounded practitioner, grappling and striking programs should be incorporated into your training schedule. If you’re interested in training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Wrestling, Judo, and Kickboxing, Combat Social Club has training options for you. Come train with us near I-410 and Broadway for a complete training experience.

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu At Combat Social Club, we offer a comprehensive BJJ program designed to cater to individuals of all ages and skill levels.
 Whether you’re a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, our program provides a supportive and challenging environment for growth and development in this martial art. BJJ provides athletes with benefits that go far beyond the gym, such as increased physical fitness, weight loss, higher energy, and better productivity.
 - Adults (13+) - Women’s Beginner Class (13+) - Kids (4-12)

 LEARN MORE

 ## USA Judo Experience Olympic-level Judo in a safe, supportive environment.
 Discover the excitement and discipline of judo at the USA Judo Program at Combat Social Club in San Antonio, TX. Our program welcomes judo enthusiasts of all skill levels in a friendly, inclusive environment. As you step into our state-of-the-art facility, you’ll be embraced by a community dedicated to safety and excellence. Our experienced instructors prioritize the well-being of each participant, ensuring that every session on our high-quality mats is conducted with the highest safety standards.
 LEARN MORE

 ## USA Wrestling Master Fundamental Wrestling Techniques: The Core of Grappling Arts.
 Wrestling serves as a foundational baseline for all grappling arts, playing a pivotal role in the development of skills essential for both amateur and professional levels of martial arts. From youth wrestling programs that introduce basic techniques and foster physical fitness, to high school and college competitions that refine these skills and prepare athletes for higher levels of competition, wrestling is integral to the sport’s ecosystem. Its significance extends to the Olympic stage, where it is celebrated as a core discipline, demonstrating the highest levels of mastery and competitive spirit. Moreover, wrestling’s fundamental principles of balance, control, and leverage are crucial in other combat styles such as judo and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. By mastering wrestling, practitioners gain a robust skill set that enhances their proficiency across all grappling-based martial arts, making it an indispensable part of any comprehensive combat sports training regimen.
 LEARN MORE

 ## For Women Empower Yourself: Join Our Effective Self-Defense Classes for Women
 Welcome to our Women’s Self-Defense Program at Combat Social Club in San Antonio, TX. Here, we are dedicated to empowering women with the skills and confidence needed to protect themselves in any situation. Our specialized program is designed to cater specifically to women, focusing on practical and effective techniques that can be used in real-world scenarios. Whether you’re a beginner looking to learn the basics of self-defense or seeking to refine your existing skills, our experienced instructors are committed to providing a supportive and safe environment for all participants. Join us to take control of your safety and become stronger, both physically and mentally.
 LEARN MORE

 ## For Kids Kickstart Your Child’s Journey: Kids Martial Arts in a Safe and Supportive Environment
 Welcome to our Kids Martial Arts program at Combat Social Club in San Antonio, TX, where we introduce young learners to the world of martial arts in a fun, safe, and nurturing environment. Our program is tailored to help children from ages 4 to 12 develop physical skills, discipline, and confidence through age-appropriate martial arts training. Led by experienced instructors who specialize in working with kids, our classes focus on the fundamentals of self-defense, respect for others, and personal growth. Enroll your child today and watch them grow into confident, disciplined, and respectful individuals through the transformative power of martial arts.
 LEARN MORE

 ## FREE TRIAL CLASS! No cost, no obligation, take a tour of the facilities and meet our team. We will answer any questions you may have!
 ## Military & First REsponder Discounts Available We enthusiastically offer our Discounted Memberships to our local heroes! This special offer showcases discounted rates as a heartfelt token of our appreciation for the invaluable service and dedication you continually provide to our community.

 ## Combat Social Trial Class Sign-Up
