---
source_url: https://combatsocialclub.com
final_url: https://combatsocialclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:28.296Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Judo, and Wrestling for all ages #### Martial Arts to get in shape, build confidence, and build community in San Antonio, TX. VIEW SCHEDULE

 seminar on August 4, 2024
 ## Come train with Wagner Oliveira Visiting from Aracaju, Brazil, 4th Degree BJJ Black Belt, Wagner Oliveira will be conducting a seminar at Combat Social Club on 8/4/24. Open to the public. If you’d like to participate, please book your spot today!

 ## Welcome to Combat Social Club Welcome to Combat Social Club in San Antonio, Texas, where martial arts enthusiasts of all ages and skill levels come together to explore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Judo, and Wrestling. Our club is dedicated to fostering a safe and supportive environment, with an emphasis on women and children who are new to martial arts. With a focus on personalized instruction, our adaptive coaches ensure that everyone, from young beginners to seasoned practitioners, receives the guidance needed to safely and confidently advance their skills.
 At Combat Social Club, we value camaraderie and a diverse community spirit, creating a welcoming atmosphere where members can thrive regardless of their background or objectives. Our training approach integrates Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Judo, and Wrestling, providing a comprehensive martial arts education that emphasizes safety, technique, and tactical understanding. This diversified training is ideal for building foundational strength and agility, necessary for both self-defense and competitive success.
 Whether you’re looking to start a new hobby, enhance your self-defense capabilities, or compete at higher levels, Combat Social Club is the perfect place to begin your journey. We are committed to creating an inclusive environment where every student, especially women and children, can train with confidence and peace of mind. Join us to experience a culture of respect, empowerment, and excellence in martial arts at Combat Social Club.

 ## Programs & Membership

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## Judo

 ## Wrestling

 ## Women

 ## Kids

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us

 ### About Combat Social Club The Combat Social Club strives to provide the best experience for students by keeping Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) classes raw and simple. Every part of our approach is centered on community. Our instructors help students understand BJJ by breaking it down into parts, taking it one step at a time. Students never feel left behind because we’ll work through problems with extra training and individualized attention. Learn martial arts with Combat Social Club to experience a culture and training style like no other Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in San Antonio, TX.
 LEARN MORE
 VIEW SCHEDULE

 ## OUR REVIEWS

 ## Why It’s Important ##### EASYGOING We adapt to your experience, strengths, and learning style to ensure a top-quality, individualized training.

 ##### COMMUNITY The Combat Social Club family uplifts and supports each other throughout training and competition.

 ##### CONFIDENCE Combat Social Club’s culture is rooted in camaraderie. With martial arts and a support system, you’ll unlock a newfound confidence to take on life.

 ##### RESILIENCE Martial arts will test and challenge students to overcome adversities. We teach you to persevere on and off the mat.

 ##### FITNESS BJJ training will improve strength, agility, and balance. You’ll feel more comfortable with physical activity and be prepared to take on life.

 ## Check Out What We’ve Been Up To

 BLOG

 Read more → Learn how often to train BJJ for real progress

 Read more → What to Expect in Your First Martial Arts Class: A Friendly Guide for Beginners

 Read more → Beyond the Mat: How Martial Arts Training Transforms Mind and Body

 ## FREE TRIAL CLASS! No cost, no obligation, take a tour of the facilities and meet our team. We will answer any questions you may have!
 ## Military & First REsponder Discounts Available We enthusiastically offer our Discounted Memberships to our local heroes! This special offer showcases discounted rates as a heartfelt token of our appreciation for the invaluable service and dedication you continually provide to our community.

 ## Combat Social Trial Class Sign-Up

 ## Visit Our Facility Combat Social Club invites nearby communities including Alamo Heights, Castle Hill, Universal City, and beyond to experience a martial arts school in San Antonio unlike any other. Join us today!
 (726) 244-0062

 Contact Us

 3147 Nacogdoches Rd, Suite BSan Antonio, TX 78217
