---
source_url: https://www.finalroundtrainingcenter.com/blog/what-are-muay-thai-outdoor-classes-like-and-how-has-it-impacted-everyones-training-thus-far
final_url: https://www.finalroundtrainingcenter.com/blog/what-are-muay-thai-outdoor-classes-like-and-how-has-it-impacted-everyones-training-thus-far
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:16.219Z
---

# What are Muay Thai outdoor classes like and how has it impacted everyone’s training thus far…
 Jun 6 Written By Guest User

 Due to Covid-19, Final Round is taking safety measures, by running our classes outside on our 1200 sqft green turf. We have been doing fitness classes and regular Muay Thai; however, we’re not hitting any pads or making any physical contact. You might ask; what exactly it is we’re doing and why?.. Right now, we are learning the most valuable lessons out of all and I can believe it when I began to hit the bag and pads again. I am starting to feel stronger and faster. We are working heavily on our “timing and basics”. Our head instructor and former 5x world Champion (Matee Jedeepitak)- always says we need these 3 things in order to become efficient in Muay Thai- which is our timing, distance and basics, because if we have good timing, we can find the distance and if we know our distance, our basic will likely be more accurate.
 So to break this down into clear english. What exactly is timing and why is it important? Timing is the rhythm in your stance and your opponents/training partner. In Dragon Leg Muay Thai we keep rhythm, by rocking back and forth, some fighters will rock side to side, like bob and weaving mostly common for boxers. The idea is we have to setup our timing and see our opponents. The reason why we have to set up our timing, is to blend in our moves and strikes. If you don’t set-up your timing, you won’t be able to control your momentum and your opponent will be able to read your strikes. If you pay attention to your opponent and follow their timing, it will be easy to defend against their attacks. Come Join us for the outdoor classes, you’ll not be disappointed and it will pay off in the long run!

 Guest User

 Previous
 Previous

 New Merchandise! Next
 Next

 We got a new website
