---
source_url: https://www.renojiujitsu.com/news/four-reasons-bjj-classes-are-a-great-christmas-gift-for-kids
final_url: https://www.renojiujitsu.com/news/four-reasons-bjj-classes-are-a-great-christmas-gift-for-kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:37.026Z
---

# Four Reasons BJJ Classes are a Great Christmas Gift for Kids
 Sep 6 Written By Scott Fritzinger

 Christmas gifts for kids are easy – toys, toys, and more toys. But if you’ve ever off-loaded stacks of barely-used gifts just a few months after the holidays, you may be wondering if there’s a better way. And good news — there is. There’s something to be said for gifting experiences instead of another toy destined for the donation pile (or the landfill), and we’ve got something specific in mind. Read on for our four reasons BJJ classes are a great Christmas gift for the kids.
 ## It’ll Burn all that Excess Energy Kids are little balls of energy, and if you aren’t channeling that energy into something constructive, parenting is a lot of work. But a BJJ class, especially here at Guerrilla Jiu Jitsu in Reno, channels all of that wild kid energy into something pretty great. At the end of our 45-minute classes, which are always age appropriate, your child will have played games, drilled, and done some live rolling. It requires physical and mental focus and engagement, which means your kiddo walks out much calmer than they walked in.
 ## It Improves Coordination & Balance These kinds of foundational skills can take some practice, and BJJ is a great way for a kid to develop them without even thinking about it. Rolling also helps improve flexibility and teaches people to “tune in” to their body and build a little body awareness. All of these skills serve as a great base for general athleticism, but more importantly, for a strong, healthy body.
 ## It Develops Focus & Discipline Focus and discipline are learned skills, and the kids who have them stand out. Our approach is based in respect. It’s a cornerstone in any martial arts discipline, and here at Guerrilla, respect is given and expected in return. Students learn to listen and follow instructions, and they pick it up pretty quickly. Success in class depends on how well a student can focus and pay attention, but it also involves working hard, commitment, and not giving up after a failure. Skills like that translate directly to life off the mat, and we hear again and again how these lessons make a difference at home. We’d love to see the toy that can manage that!
 ## It Improves Communication Skills BJJ is a hands-on kind of activity. Between games, drilling, and live rolling, communication skills are polished. What’s more, habits like eye contact while speaking and being respectful are routinely modeled to the kids, and they’re like little sponges absorbing it all. Guerrilla has the kind of environment that fosters camaraderie, and it’s not uncommon for training partners to become friends.
 ## The Takeaway We’ve been conditioned as a society to associate “gifts” with “things.” But it doesn’t have to be that way. Gifting BJJ classes to the kids gives them so much more than an activity. The benefits of BJJ go on and on — exercise, focus, discipline, coordination, balance, flexibility, self-defense skills, self-confidence — and that’s true for kids and adults alike.
 We invite to learn more about Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for your child – or yourself! – with a visit to our school. We’re in a temporary location while we build out our new space, but we’re here to answer all of your questions and discuss our curriculum. First classes are free, and we’re proud to offer safe, welcoming environment for boys and girls of all ages.

 ### Ready to try it out for a week FREE? Fill out the form below, call us , or text us and we will handle the rest! We will give you all the info you need to have an incredible experience during your free trial week. It has never been easier to start, even if you have absolutely zero experience with martial arts. Trust us!

 BJJ reno bjj bjj reno reno brazilian jiu jitsu brazilian jiu jitsu reno reno martial arts martial arts reno reno grappling grappling reno bjj near me martial arts near me
 Scott Fritzinger

 Previous
 Previous

 How Old is Too Old to Start Jiu Jitsu? Next
 Next

 Looking for a Reno BJJ School? Start Here.
