---
source_url: http://magalitbjj.com/classes
final_url: https://www.magalitbjj.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:27.819Z
---

## Magalit Jiu-Jitsu Schedule

 ### WE OFFER NO-GI CLASSES FOR ADULTS AND GI CLASSES FOR KIDS AGED 12 AND UNDER. ### TO SIGN UP FOR A FREE INTRODUCTORY COURSE, CLICK THE LINK BELOW!!!

 TRY A CLASS FOR FREE
 TRY A CLASS FOR FREE

 ## All Levels Class Monday - Friday
 Our All Levels classes are No-Gi sessions for adults and serve as the core training at our primarily No-Gi academy. These classes are designed for all experience levels, from beginners to advanced students, and follow a structured monthly curriculum that builds progressively each week.

 ## Fundamentals Class Tuesday
 Our Fundamentals classes are No-Gi sessions for adult beginners, focused on building a strong foundational skill set. If you have anywhere from 0 to 12 months of jiu jitsu experience, or want a refresher on fundamental techniques, this class is built for you. No experience required.

 ## Kids Classes Monday, Wednesday, Saturday
 Our Kids Classes are Gi-based sessions for children under 12, combining fun and learning while building confidence, a positive mindset, perseverance, and self-control.

 ## Competition Class Saturday
 Our Competition Class is a No-Gi session for adults that is geared towards replicating and preparing for Jiu Jitsu competitions. You can expect specific training, high intensity sparring, competition rules planning and match simulation.

 ## Open Mat Saturday & Sunday
 Our Open Mat sessions are available for anyone to stop by and join, regardless of gym affiliation. Come for the entire time, or stop in for however long you can. This is an unstructured rolling session where you can train as you please.

 ## Private Lessons By Appointment Only
 The best investment you can make is investing in yourself. To schedule a private session with Coach Travis or Coach Noah, please send an email to magalit.bjj@gmail.com.

 Drop-In Policy: To ensure a safe training environment for our students, our academy policy does not allow unannounced drop-ins. No exceptions. If you are not an enrolled student and would like to drop-in for a class, you must fill out the form here to receive prior approval.
