---
source_url: https://atoslaketahoe.com
final_url: https://www.athletexjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:57.450Z
---

##### ​ We proudly offer world-renowned instruction in the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi) and Submission Grappling (No Gi). We have classes for Kids, Teens, Women and Men, as well as Private Lessons, Self-Defense classes, and children’s martial arts classes.
 Whether you’re training for fun, hobby, competition or looking for a new fitness routine – Athletex Jiu-Jitsu meets your needs.
 ​
 Get ready to transform yourself both inside and out.
 Join Athletex Jiu-Jitsu Lake Tahoe to nurture the warrior within, enhance your self esteem, and take your practice to the next level. With a variety of classes for all skill levels.
 Check out our Youth & Adult Basics programs for entry level classes to build a base of mental and physical confidence before advancing into our Fundamentals program to learn all aspects of Jiu-Jitsu.
 ​
 If or when you're ready to test your skills in competition, we've got you covered with one of the most coveted, competition proven curriculums, designed and supported by Atos Jiu-Jitsu.
 ​
 ​
 ​ ​
 ​

 SIGN UP FOR A FREE CLASS

 ## CULTURE & COMMUNITY
 Y our Vibe attracts your tribe
 We are a clean, professional family based environment with a collective group of growth minded individuals seeking to learn and practice the beautiful art and sport of Jiu-Jitsu

 ## PROVEN IN PERFORMANCE
 AThletex Jiu-Jitsu is a Battle tested, Competition proven team under
 oUR AThletex JIUJITSU lAKE tAHOE pROFESSORS, rOB pYFER & Christiano Troisi are both highly active athletes & competition proven coaches with long lists of accomplishments. If competition proven results matter then you can look no further, Atos jiujitsu lake tahoe is the team for you!
 ​ ​
 JOIN AThletex JIUJITSU

 JOIN THE TEAM
