---
source_url: https://eastboisetaekwondo.com
final_url: https://eastboisetaekwondo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:02.474Z
---

### Yong-In Master Lee's Tae Kwon Do East Boise

 ### 208-344-8000

 ### Yong-In Master Lee's Tae Kwon Do East Boise

 ### Martial Arts for Kids and Adults in Boise, ID

 Facebook Youtube Instagram

 208-344-8000

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 ### Yong-In Master Lee's Tae Kwon Do East Boise

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 For West Boise area, please click here to visit our West Boise website

 # Announcing...an Inspiring Martial Arts Program in Boise, ID for The Entire Family since 2010!

 Our dynamic Martial Arts Program in Boise, ID has something for everyone. Children gain rock solid self-confidence , build unshakable self-esteem , and hone razor sharp focus, while adults get fit , improve flexibility and quickly eliminate stress!

 Learn More

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Which Program Are You Most Interested In?

 Little Tigers

 A fun, new activity for your 4 to 5 year old child that will help students to develop their self confidence

 View More Info

 Kids' Martial Arts

 Our kids' martial arts program focuses on character building and leadership in a fun and safe environment.

 View More Info

 Adult Martial Arts

 Our adult martial arts classes emphasize improving fitness, confidence, and practical self-defense.

 View More Info

 Family Martial Arts

 Our family martial arts classes help everyone in the family build confidence, get fit, and build togetherness.

 View More Info

 ### Yong-In Master Lee's Taekwondo in Boise since 2010

 Hi! This is Grand Master Lee, and I’m very PROUD that hundreds of families all over the Boise area are singing the praises of our programs and telling their friends and neighbors how much of a positive impact it’s having on their lives. (You can see some of these stories for yourself on the “Reviews” page!)
 Our students are surprised by how easy it is to get started, and delighted that they don’t have to be “already in great shape” to truly enjoy their new classes. Parents who enroll their children are amazed at how patient and genuine our instructors are, and how quickly their child makes observable improvements in their level of focus and confidence!
 But the best way to see if our program would be a good fit for you or someone in your family is to try it for yourself .
 Get started now with one of our WEB SPECIALS and find out how you can be healthier, happier, and more confident with Yong-In Master Lee’s Tae Kwon Do East Boise training!

 Let's Get Started!

 #### Physical and Mental Development

 Our members tell us that our school is more of an institution of self-improvement, physically and mentally, rather than just a gym or some “activity.” It feels like a family. We concentrate on building the whole person: Physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, and socially.
 I pride myself on helping our adult members safely build lean muscle, quickly burn fat, gain flexibility, and relieve stress in a FUN, positive, and injury-free environment!
 And for the children, parents all over the Boise area give my martial arts classes credit for increasing their child’s ability to focus in school and at home, building their self-esteem , and igniting a passion for self- improvement they never would have expected.

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 #### Yong-In Master Lee's Tae Kwon Do East Boise is So Much More than “Kicking & Punching”

 The martial arts are not “just” about self-defense!
 In reality, the physical “kicking and punching” are really just tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself and life.
 By practicing physical self-defense skills, you will follow the proven path for successful living based on discipline, focus, and perseverance.
 Take us up on our WEB SPECIAL offer, and see the benefits of my Boise martial arts program for yourself!

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 #### Yong-In Master Lee's Tae Kwon Do East Boise reviews

 ## Ready for a New Beginning?

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIALS!

 Yong-In Master Lee's Tae Kwon Do East Boise

 2351 S. Apple Street, Boise, ID 83706

 masterleestkd@yahoo.com

 208-344-8000

 ### Yong-In Master Lee’s Tae Kwon Do East Boise ## OUR MISSION IS TO • Provide the Highest Quality Martial Arts Instruction
 • Empower our Students with Valuable Skills for Life
 • Contribute to a Safe and Peaceful Community

 ### MAIN

 - About - Reviews - Contact Us - Blog

 ### PROGRAMS

 - Little Tigers - Kids Martial Arts - Adult Martial Arts - Family Martial Arts - Birthday Party

 ### LINKS

 - Refund & Privacy Policy - Sitemap

 ### © Yong-In Master Lee's Taekwondo All rights reserved | Powered by Amazing Martial Arts Websites

 Learn More
