---
source_url: http://aresazbjj.com/
final_url: https://aresazbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:30.257Z
---

- Home - About - Class Schedule - ProgramsAdult Jiu-JitsuWomen's ProgramKids Jiu-JitsuWrestlingYogaStrength & Conditioning - Events - Contact

 # Welcome to ARES Arizona Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 The #1 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Mesa, AZ

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 Adult and Kids Classes Available

 WELCOME TO ARES ARIZONA

 # Master the Art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Our curriculum provides the knowledge and skills you need to succeed in Jiu-Jitsu at the highest level. From beginner students to advanced competitors we have a program for you.

 # Adult Gi Jiu-Jitsu

 Our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program will help you go from complete beginner to highly skilled submission expert. No matter your experience level, fitness level, or age, we have a program for you.

 # Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 Our world class kids program can help build confidence in your child through Jiu-Jitsu. Your child will discover the #1 self-defense martial art on the planet in a fun safe environment.

 # Adult NoGi Jiu-Jitsu

 Similar to our Gi program, our NoGi Jiu-Jitsu class is designed to teach you submission grappling without the use of the traditional uniform.

 # Wrestling

 Our wrestling program at Ares AZ BJJ will help you develop the skills you need to take the fight to the ground or defend yourself from being taken down.

 # Competition Training

 If you are looking to take your Jiu-Jitsu training to the next level, our competition classes are for you. These classes will push and force you to become a better version of yourself while getting you ready for competition.

 # Yoga

 Our yoga classes at ARES Arizona BJJ are designed to enhance your flexibility, strength, and mental clarity, perfectly complementing your Jiu-Jitsu training.
 Suitable for all levels, each class helps you reduce stress, recover faster, and improve overall athletic performance.

 # Women's Jiu-Jitsu

 Join our ladies’ team and discover the power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a tool for personal protection, confidence, and resilience. Build strength, technique, and community in a welcoming, inclusive environment while also learning real-world techniques to stay safe and respond effectively to threats.

 # Strength & Conditioning

 Get ready to push your limits and ignite your metabolism with our Strength & Conditioning program involving a high-intensity interval training (HIIT)! This fast-paced, full-body workout combines bursts of intense effort with short recovery periods to maximize fat burn, build lean muscle, and improve cardiovascular health in less time.

 # Private Lessons

 Take your training to the next level with personalized one-on-one instruction from our team of experienced coaches. Private lessons are customized to focus on your individual goals—whether that’s sharpening techniques, preparing for competition, building confidence, or accelerating your progress on the mats.
 Our instructors bring years of experience and a passion for helping students unlock their potential in a safe, supportive, and motivating environment with focused feedback.
 A great option to take your Jiu-Jitsu to the next level!

 Testimonials

 # Real Student Reviews

 ## Read what our students have to say about our program.

 # Rafael “Centenario” E

 "My family joined, but my three sons mainly go ages 14, 13, and 7 years old. I find the academy to be a great place for people of all ages. The coaches are patient, understanding and will knowledgeable of the Brazilian jiu-jitsu art, and a very youth friendly environment.
 "It's a Great Academy"

 # Peter Settles

 "This place is truly amazing. I’ve never done any martial arts or wrestling or fighting. I took my family for an intro class and it was exactly what we’ve been looking for. Something for me, my wife, and my daughter. Very inviting! Going into a gym for the first time is always intimidating. Between the other students, the coaches, and the atmosphere that intimidation goes to zero almost immediately. This is the kind of place that makes advanced students better but also gives white belts a seriously well balanced base in fundamentals. You will not regret checking this gym out."

 # Steven Collins

 "Paul and Leslie Nava and all his coaches have created an amazing atmosphere of learning. I love being part of this family and community! BJJ will change your life, and if you ever want to take that step ... Ares BJJ is the place to start the journey!
 "

 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Adult and Kids Classes Available

 # FAQs

 Find answers to commonly asked questions about our programs.

 #### How do I enroll?

 The first step is to book your free trial class here on our website. After you come in we will walk you through all of our different membership options.

 #### Do I need prior training experience?

 No, we have classes for all levels including beginners with zero prior training experience. Book a free class now and come try us out!

 #### Do I need to be in shape before starting?

 No, by starting now Jiu-Jitsu will help you get in shape and reach your fitness goals.

 #### How is the training environment?

 We run a super friendly, family like training environment welcome to everyone.

 #### What should I wear to my first class?

 You should wear some comfortable clothing that you would normally workout in, easily removable shoes and bring a water bottle!

 # PARTNERSHIPS

 ## We value military, first responders, families who train!

 # We Are an Approved ESA Vendor

 In partnership with Arizona department of education.

 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Adult & Kids Classes Available

 The #1 Jiu-Jitsu School in Mesa, AZ

 # Menu

 Home

 About

 Contact Us

 # Address:

 1660 S ALMA SCHOOL RD, Suite 118
 MESA, AZ 85210

 [email protected]

 480-491-5440

 © 2025 ARES ARIZONA BJJ. All rights reserved.
