---
source_url: https://www.niceguysubmission.com/classes.html
final_url: https://www.niceguysubmission.com/classes.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:15.220Z
---

- Home - Classes - Schedule - Contact

 Search

 ## Classes Jiu Jitsu At Nice Guy Submission Fighting our No-Gi Jiu Jitsu program is always looking to teach the most effective grappling techniques and concepts to help you succeed on the ground. Whether you're a seasoned black belt or its day one in the gym for you, our experienced instructors will help you to navigate the world of No-Gi Jiu Jitsu and make it fun. |

 KickboxingIf you're looking to play some punch face, then you've come to the right place. Our Kickboxing classes are just a little bit different than your moms cardio kick class. But we don't just spar hard, we teach and drill technique that's proven to work in real combat situations. Whether you have aspirations of being a striking master or just want to learn how to throw a punch, our Kickboxing classes have something for you.But we be sparring hard on Wednesdays doe. |

 MMAThere's no telling where a fight will go. It's best to be able to mix it up. From stand up to ground and pound and everything in between, our MMA classes will help you improve your game to stay in the fight. Come learn how to blend Kickboxing, Wrestling, and Jiu Jitsu techniques together that'll be effective at every level from amateur MMA to the UFC. |

 Kids ClassesEveryone you meet on the mats says the same thing “I wish I would’ve started when I was younger.” Don’t have your kiddo making the same wish. Get them involved in Jiu Jitsu today! Jiu Jitsu is a fun way for kids to learn a new skill, make friends, get in shape, and overcome real life obstacles in safe environment. Nice Kids Submission Fighting is always accepting new teammates! |

 Beginner classes Every black belt was once a white belt. Every professional fighter was an armature before. If you're not sure where to start on your martial arts journey, come try a beginner class! |

 Wrestling Everything starts from the feet. From a MMA fight to a grappling match. It’d be beneficial to know what to do from the standing position. Come learn how to dictate where the fight goes with our experienced instructors! |
