---
source_url: https://www.niceguysubmission.com
final_url: https://www.niceguysubmission.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:15.331Z
---

- Home - Classes - Schedule - Contact

 Search

 ## Punishment with a smile If you're looking for Fares avenues finest, you've found us! Nice Guy Submission Fighting is your one stop shop for all your Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, and MMA training needs. From our first-rate coaches to our experienced students and training partners, we can give you the tools and technique to help you reach your goals on the mats. Whether you’re 6 years old or 60 years old, we have something for everyone. If you're wanting to start a new hobby, become a professional fighter, or just looking for fun new way to get in/stay in shape, come give Nice Guy a try. Your first class is always free!

 Chris Mendoza
 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 ​ ​I was visiting Evansville for work and looking for a gym to train and roll for the day. Nice Guys was highly recommended to me. The guys were great and welcoming. The space itself was a fantastic no frills gym run by a talented group of guys with no egos. Not only did they let me train for the day, but also welcomed me back anytime I was in town. If you are looking for a solid BJJ gym (no gi and gi), Nice Guys gym are definitely a bunch of nice guys! 😝
 John I.
 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 ​Best gym I've ever trained at. High quality, and very welcoming to beginners and experienced alike. If you want to get into or further your BJJ or MMA, and you live in or near Evansville, I cannot recommend Nice Guys enough.
 Taven Randolph
 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 ​I went and watched a session before considered joining. Strong team. Hard, Hard work. Great coaching. High level experience and I would 100% recommend this place to someone looking to learn MMA!
 Kyle Campbell
 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I brought my kids here for the kid’s class, but now I have to train just so my kid’s will stop beating me up.
 Tyler Elpers
 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Nice Guys Submission Fighting is a place where you can achieve more than your martial arts goals. It's a place where you can build confidence and comradery that helps outside the gym in your everyday life. Come in with an open mind, willingness to learn, good communication and you'll get out of it what you put into. The pedigree of the owners and coaches is not something you'll find in the area. If youre looking to improve yourself or you're serious about martial arts training, whether it be jiu jitsu, kickboxing, judo, Sambo, muay thai, Nice Guys Submission Fighting is the place to go. Supporting gyms like this means you're supporting your community, the youth, and small business owners. You will not regret it!
