---
source_url: https://www.cloudninemma.com/jiu-jitsu-kids/
final_url: https://cloudninemma.com/jiu-jitsu-kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:22.851Z
---

# JIU JITSU FOR KIDS IN ARLINGTON, TEXAS BEGIN YOUR CHILD’S JIU JITSU JOURNEY TODAY!
 MY FREE CLASS
 (972) 835-5700

 ## JIU JITSU CLASSES FOR KIDS: RAISING CHAMPIONS ON AND OFF THE MATS IN ARLINGTON, TEXAS​​ Cloud Nine MMA in Arlington, TX offers fun and empowering Jiu Jitsu for kids that help build confidence, discipline, and focus both on and off the mats. Our youth program introduces children to the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe, structured, and encouraging environment where learning is exciting and rewarding. Each class is designed to match your child’s age and skill level, ensuring personalized attention, steady progress, and plenty of smiles along the way. Through engaging drills and teamwork-based activities, kids develop coordination, balance, respect, and essential self-defense skills while having a great time.​​
 At Cloud Nine MMA, we believe Jiu Jitsu is more than a martial art. It’s a foundation for character, growth, and confidence. Our experienced instructors foster a positive and supportive atmosphere where every student learns perseverance, sportsmanship, and focus in a motivating community setting. Whether your child is just starting out or eager to take their skills to the next level, our Jiu Jitsu for kids classes provide the perfect blend of fun, fitness, and personal development.

 MY FREE CLASS

 ## JIU JITSU CLASSES FOR KIDS

 ## OUR SCHEDULE MY FREE CLASS

 ## WHAT OUR STUDENTS SAY Cloud nine is a great place for beginners or anyone who has a bad experience with other gyms. Everyone is very respectful and helpful, in an ego-free environment. Coach Viet is extremely knowledgeable and excellent with kids, my son is always excited to see Viet and to go to jiu-jitsu class! I’m very glad I found this gym.

 Emilio Flores

 My kids age 4 and 5 have been training here since opening, and I am amazed at the complete transformation in their physical abilities. Thank you to all the coaches. My kids are too young to grasp the combat element of the sport, but the difference it has made in their everyday physical abilities is enormous. If you’re considering this for your kids, you won’t be disappointed. Coach Viet and ALL of the others who help out with the kids classes are like family to my kids.

 Jeff Jarratt

 We have found our new home. My daughter (15) and I love training at Cloud Nine MMA. Everybody is so knowledgeable and helpful. Coach Viet’ coaching style and philosophy is great for beginners and experts alike. Once you walk in and start training, you’ll wonder why you didn’t train here sooner.

 David Saenz
