---
source_url: https://www.venicejiujitsu.com/classes-membership
final_url: https://www.venicejiujitsu.com/classes-membership
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:26.142Z
---

# Venice Jiu-Jitsu's Classes, We Have a Program for Everyone
 Contact Us To Start Your 1 Week Free Trial

 ## Teens Jiu-Jitsu (ages 13-15)
 Empower your teen with confidence, discipline, and resilience through our fun, safe, and engaging program here at Venice Jiu-Jitsu. Our classes blend foundational techniques, self-defense skills, and character-building exercises in a supportive environment.
 Your teen will learn respect, focus, and teamwork while improving coordination, strength, and problem-solving abilities. If your teen is new to Jiu-Jitsu or has experience training, our instructors will foster growth in them on and off the mats.

 To account for a large age group, we separate everyone on the mat by age, size, and skill level. At 16 in BJJ, you are considered an adult.

 $125 a month for unlimited training, no registration fees, no belt promotion fees, and no contracts. $25 off for each additional family member.

 ## Adult Gi & No Gi
 Our dynamic adult program here at Venice Jiu-Jitsu offers both Gi and No-Gi training for all skill levels. Whether you’re a beginner or seasoned practitioner, our classes are tailored to build technique, strength and perseverance.
 ​
 Gi Classes: Master the art of traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with the gi, focusing on grips, leverage, Judo throws, and strategic groundwork. Perfect for refining technical precision and deepening your understanding of core principles and concepts.
 ​
 No-Gi Classes: Embrace fast-paced, modern grappling with an emphasis on agility, fluid movement, Wrestling takedowns, and lower body submissions. Ideal for enhancing athleticism, adaptability, and real-world self-defense.

 $150 a month for unlimited training, no registration fees, no belt promotion fees, and no contracts. $25 off for each additional family member.

 ## Beginners Self Defense
 Discover the power of practical self-defense in a safe and supportive environment. Designed for newcomers of all ages, this class teaches fundamental techniques to protect yourself confidently in everyday situations.
 Learn various strikes, escapes, and defensive grappling tailored to real-life scenarios, while building situational awareness, quick decision-making, and unshakable self-assurance. Our instructors focus on simplicity, repetition, and stress-free drills to ensure your skills stick.
 Perfect for those seeking empowerment, fitness, or peace of mind — no prior experience is required . Start your journey to safety and security today with us at Venice Jiu-Jitsu.

 $75 a month, classes are every Saturday morning there are no registration fees and no contracts.
