---
source_url: https://www.venicejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.venicejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:27.294Z
---

# Welcome to Venice Jiu-Jitsu Teens & Adults, Gi, No GI, and Self Defense

 ## A Journey Starts With One Step
 Whether you're looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense, or simply find a new and exciting way to challenge yourself, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu offers something for everyone. Here at Venice Jiu-Jitsu we put our students first. Our supportive community and experienced instructors are here to guide you every step of the way. You'll not only gain physical strength and agility but also mental resilience and confidence. Come join us and discover the transformative power of BJJ. Your journey to becoming the best version of yourself starts here today!

 Contact us to sign up for your 1 week free trial

 About

 meet the staff
 ### Meet Our Professor

 ### Jason Richley
 Black Belt
 Head Professor

 Professor Jason is a distinguished martial artist and former firefighter with a rich background in combat sports and martial arts. His journey began at a Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Ohio, where he started training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) as a young man. Over the past 16 years, Jason has honed his skills and achieved the rank of first-degree Black Belt under Professor T. Vieira, accredited by the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF). He has competed and triumphed at every belt level, both locally and nationally. Including a Florida State Championship and Bronze medal at the IBJJF World Masters.
 ​
 In addition to his BJJ accomplishments, Jason brings over 25 years of experience in various combat sports and martial arts disciplines. He is a Golden Gloves Boxer who has twice podiumed at the Junior Olympics and holds a Black Belt in Kenpo Karate. Before dedicating himself to BJJ, he spent four years training in Catch Wrestling.
 ​
 Jason’s extensive training and competitive success make him a respected figure in the martial arts community, where he continues to inspire and mentor others on their own journey at Venice Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Contact Us
 Ready to start your Jiu-Jitsu journey? Contact us today to learn more about our classes, schedule your 1 Week FREE Trial and take advantage of
 50% off your first month of training !

 Contact
 Contact Us
 Thanks for Contacting us!
