---
source_url: https://www.ifaacademy.com
final_url: https://www.ifaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:38.340Z
---

### INTEGRATED FIGHTING ARTS ACADEMY
 Integrated Fighting Arts (IFA) Academy in Austin, Texas specializes in detailed instruction in Boxing & Muay Thai, Wrestling & Jiu-Jitsu, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), and Filipino Martial Arts (Eskrima). Since 1990, our academy has welcomed anyone interested in attaining realistic fighting skills, getting in great physical condition, and having a lot of fun in the process.

 ## PROGRAMS
 Video: A Day Training at IFA Academy

 Home: Service
 # Boxing & Muay Thai
 Develop fundamental striking skills in our Boxing & Muay Thai class. Your instruction is focused on developing you into an in-shape, fight-ready boxer and kickboxer. Every structured class includes group and one-on-one coaching, partner drills, timed rounds, conditioning, and sparring. While training with like-minded, conscientious individuals, you will improve your skills and fitness - no matter what level they may be - in a challenging, yet safe environment.

 Sample Class Video

 # Wrestling & Jiu Jitsu
 Your instruction is focused on developing you into a knowledgeable, competent submission grappler in competition and self-defense. You will learn how to gain optimal positions on the ground, and execute effective submissions and holds to debilitate an opponent, utilizing techniques and frameworks from our core grappling arts: Wrestling, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi and No-Gi), Judo, Russian Sambo, etc.

 Sample Class Video

 # Mixed Martial Arts (MMA)
 By embedding your training in our MMA class, you can properly blend all the fighting disciplines together in the proper context and situations. We train you not only for the cage or ring (which our students have gone on to have success in), but also for self-defense in the real world.

 Sample Class Video

 # Filipino Kali
 Develop essential blunt and blade weaponry skills in our Filipino Martial Arts (Eskrima) Classes. Your instruction is focused on developing you into a skilled Eskrimador, competent to handle (and help defend against/disarm) blunt and blade weapons, such as the baston (club, single or in pairs) and the daga (hand knife).

 Sample Class Video

 # Women's Fight Class
 We are proud to now offer a comprehensive program designed for the female population of Austin that will serve as an introduction to the other programs at IFA Academy. Designed primarily with real-life compromising situations in mind, chief instructor Frank Benn will guide you through practical techniques that will make you feel safer on the street.

 Sample Class Video

 # Combat Conditioning
 Become fight-ready and in the best shape of your life in our Combat Conditioning class. Combining "old-school" fight conditioning with "new-school" circuit training, you will gain functional, real-world strength, speed, and power while forging a fit physique. While participating in a wide variety of exercises, you will see dramatic improvements in your fitness in a very short amount of time.

 Sample Class Video

 ## ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION
 Frank Benn, the founder and chief instructor of IFA Academy, has been teaching martial arts for over 30 years. He has an extensive background in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Western Boxing, Muay Thai, Freestyle Wrestling, Filipino Martial Arts, as well as several traditional arts.
 ​
 Frank has spent many years analyzing actual self-defense encounters, fights that occur on the street, as well as challenge matches between trained martial artists of various styles around the world. Based on this analysis, he designed a curriculum primarily emphasizing real world functionality, addressing all areas of combat including stand-up striking, clinch and ground fighting, and modern-day hand-to-hand weapons.
 It is a comprehensive system that teaches students to flow between different combat ranges and leverage the strengths of each most effectively. Training under this system has produced competent and skilled fighters - both in competition and in self-defense encounters.

 Home: Homepage_about
 # CLASS SCHEDULE

 Home: OpeningHours
 Integrated Fighting Arts Academy
 9603 Saunders Lane, Austin, TX 78758

 ###### CONTACT

 Home: Contact
 Send
 Your message was sent successfully! We will be in touch as soon as possible.
