---
source_url: https://www.eliteforcebjj.com/data-privacy-policy5de213c0
final_url: https://www.eliteforcebjj.com/data-privacy-policy5de213c0
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:04.515Z
---

GET STARTED TODAY

 # Data Privacy Policy
 This policy was last updated on February 7, 2024
 ### Privacy Policy This privacy policy sets out how Elite Force BJJ uses and protects any information that you give Elite Force BJJ when you use this website.

 Elite Force BJJ is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

 Elite Force BJJ may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
 #### What we collect We may collect the following information:
 - Name - Contact information including email address - Demographic information such as zipcode, preferences, and interests - Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

 #### What we do with the information we gather We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
 - Internal record keeping. - We may use the information to improve our products and services. - We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers, or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. - From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, SMS, or phone. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.

 #### Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
 #### How we use cookies A cookie is a small file that asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

 We may use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

 Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website experience, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

 Your web browser will allow you to choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
 #### Links to other websites Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
 #### Controlling your personal information You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
 - Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes - If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at shihanhaley@gmail.com

 We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

 You may request details of personal information which we hold about you.

 If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Elite Force BJJ , please contact us via email to shihanhaley@gmail.com

 Please allow 30 days for a response.

 #### CONTACT
 954-298-7126 Craig (English)
 561-506-3293 Alexandre (Portuguese)

 ###### shihanhaley@gmail.com

 #### CONNECT

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Elite Force Bjj | Created by ZING.work

 Data Privacy Policy

 Share by:
