---
source_url: https://www.eliteforcebjj.com
final_url: https://www.eliteforcebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:04.581Z
---

GET STARTED TODAY

 #### Elite Force BJJ
 # BJJ is for Everyone
 GET STARTED
 OUR SERVICES

 ### Have questions? #### Check out our FAQs!
 FAQ
 ### 10 Things to Know #### Ensure we meet your needs!
 LEARN MORE

 ## About Us
 Elite Force BJJ was created out of a passion for the sport. Born from lots of experience training or teaching at other gyms, the three owners sought to create a school that had all the things they liked and none of the things they didn’t. The school is led by one of the best-known practitioners in the world, Alexandre “Pulga” Pimentel. Pulga, as he is known, is also one of the best competitors in the sport having won almost every title over his career. He also competed professionally at MMA.
 Pulga leads all classes and has excellent teaching skills as well as the ability to create a fun environment for students. “People learn faster and deeper when they are having fun.”
 The gym is located on Federal Highway in Lighthouse Point but serve areas including; Deerfield Beach, Pompano Beach and Boca Raton.
 The total membership numbers are deliberately capped so that no class is too busy to have effective time with the coach and space to practice moves.
 We have a full schedule to make training easy to fit into the most busy lives. We are also one of the few gyms that have early Morning, lunchtime and evening sessions.
 We cater to all age’s groups, genders, shapes and sizes, BJJ really is for everyone. Our oldest member is in. their 60’s and our youngest is 5. We also have a ladies only program.

 CONTACT US

 ### Alexandre “Pulga” Pimentel
 #### Practitioner and champion in BJJ and MMA
 Alexandre “Pulga” Pimentel , a revered figure in the BJJ world, brings unparalleled expertise to Elite Force BJJ. With a decorated career as both a competitor and coach, Pulga's teaching prowess and ability to create an engaging atmosphere ensure that every student reaches their full potential.

 New Paragraph

 ## Our Services
 At Elite Force BJJ, we prioritize quality over quantity, ensuring that every member receives personalized attention and ample space to grow. Our diverse schedule and inclusive approach caters to individuals of all ages, genders, and skill levels. Join us to experience top-tier instruction, a supportive community, and transformative growth on and off the mat.

 ### Adult Gi Traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training with the use of a gi, focusing on technique, leverage, and strategy.

 Button

 ### Adult No Gi Dynamic training without the gi, emphasizing speed, agility, and adaptability in grappling.

 Button

 ### Kids 5-14 Tailored classes for children, teaching discipline, confidence, and respect through age-appropriate BJJ techniques.

 Button

 ### Ladies Only A supportive and empowering environment for women to learn and excel in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Button

 ## Our Schedule

 ### Want to join the Elite Force family? Call us now and become part of something extraordinary!

 CALL NOW

 ### FAQ

 - Do I have to commit to a long-term program? NO, we don’t have programs or contracts. It is important to us and the culture of the gym that people training have made a choice to be there. People on contracts often feel resentful and so don’t make the best training partners. Are we going to push you to overcome your own self-doubt or maybe the challenges of life getting in the way of training, YES we are, but not with contracts and commitments just with energy and encouragement. Our terms are simple 30 days cancellation and that’s it. - What if I need to travel or worse become sick and can’t train Easy, you can pause your membership without losing any membership benefits like a price hold once you join. You can pause membership for a month or more up to three months. You are still considered a member and so the price protection you have is preserved. The price you join at will never go up. - Are there any added costs to training as I progress? NO absolutely not. Your monthly fee covers everything including belt promotions. - Is there a joining fee? No there is no down payment to join Elite Force BJJ. The only additional cost is a GI, which we will be happy to supply at cost or you can source your own. We will lend you a GI until you have your own. - Am I too old to start BJJ? NO we have members as old as 72 and as young as 5. In fact, one of the owners is 66 and only started training BJJ in his mid-fifties. Make no mistake BJJ is going to be challenging. It’s not easy and will tax you mentally and physically but the rewards of overall fitness, well-being and camaraderie very much outweigh the challenges. - What if I haven’t done martial arts before? That doesn’t matter all classes are delivered by our chief coach and co-owner Alexandre Pimentel. He is one of the countries most experienced BJJ instructors as well as being multi time world champion. His ethos is to deliver a class to the least experience person on the mats. - I’m not too fit right now and a little overweight can I train BJJ? You are not alone, and the answer is yes. BJJ is an overall great workout and BJJ gyms that make wild claims about weight loss are to be avoided. The fact is that weight loss is about calories and exercise and BJJ is a wonderful compliment to a weight loss program. Many people are using the quite new Semuglutide family of pharmaceuticals to lose weight. One of the challenges of this path is muscle loss. BJJ is especially good at maintaining this as is relies of a notion called “time under tension” which is now widely regarded as the best way to develop muscle tissue.

 ## 10 Things to Know
 Discover the essential factors to consider when selecting a gym to ensure it meets your training needs and personal goals.

 - LocationWhere is the gym located? Is it practical to get there. You are going to want to train at least twice per week and so how easy it is to get there must be an important consideration. - ScheduleTake a look at the gym’s schedule (it should be on their web site). Make sure there is plenty of choice. Whilst it’s a good idea to get into a routine (trying to train on the same times and days) that’s not always possible. The broader the schedule the more chance it will work for you no matter what life throws your way. - ContractsAvoid gyms that have long term contracts and programs. They will tell you it’s to help you make a commitment to the process. In reality it is because it works for their business model. They also may lack confidence in their ability to keep students. The best gyms have the best instructors and have no problems keeping students. With kids it’s even more vital to avoid contracts. Kids are prone to changing their minds especially when it comes to sports. There is a good reason for this not all kids like the same experiences and it take a while to find the sport that suits them the most. - CleanlinessIs the facility clean and well managed? Hygiene is important ask the gym how they clean and how often and if you like what products do they use, especially for cleaning the mats. In BJJ you spend a great deal of time close to the mat surface, it is important that it has been cleaned properly. - LegitimacyDo some research on the legitimacy of the chief instructor (known as a Professor in BJJ). What’s his lineage is he or she a genuine Black belt. Go and what a class and see how it is run or better try a class. Good gyms will offer a trial class free of charge. There are many black belts but not all of them are good teachers. - VibeDo you like the vibe of the gym. This is really, really, really important. You can’t do BJJ on your own and so the partners you will be working with need to be people you get along with. Look for a positive and happy vibe. This doesn’t mean the BJJ is taken less seriously, on the contrary but it means you will make friends and enjoy the classes. - Engaged InstructorWhen you take part in a class or watch look to see if the instructor is engaged and not just going through the motions. Is he or she keeping the eye on everyone, especially the new people. Generally speaking, it is better to belong to a gym where the owner is the chief coach. It’s their livelihood and so they are much more likely to deliver a first-class experience opposed to an employee. - Size of GymBe mindful of the very big gyms. They often feel like a revolving door in terms of instructors. It is important at the start for you to get consistency in both your training patterns and your instructor. - Variety in Sizes and BeltsTake quick look around at the other students when you try or watch a class. Is there a variety of sizes and belts? It is important that there is. You can’t learn everything from the instructor he or she merely guides you and gives you the technical basis for BJJ. It’s the other students you work with that hone your skills. All higher belts in BJJ have an obligation to teach (Purple and above) also having a wide range of belts in class will be helpful to you. The size issue is also very important. In BJJ you use what you have and so learning to cope with stronger heavier people as well as smaller faster is crucial to your development. - SafetyMake sure that the instructor has a lot of experience and knows how to handle a large diverse class. He or she needs to be aware of what is going on and checking that people are not doing stupid things. With the kids, ask if instructors are background checked and know how to teach kids, it’s very different to adults. If a gym is a member of the IBJJF (International Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation) then the instructors will have been background checked and they will have taken the Safe Sport course.

 ## Reviews
 See our 30+, 5-star reviews on Google.

 ## Contact Us
 Fill out the form below and join the Elite Force family today!
 ### Contact Us NAME
 PHONE NUMBER
 EMAIL ADDRESS
 MESSAGE

 Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later.

 #### Don't be a stranger!
 4752 N Federal Hwy, Lighthouse Point, FL 33064, United States of America

 954-298-7126 Craig (English)
 561-506-3293 Alexandre (Portuguese)

 shihanhaley@gmail.com

 #### CONTACT
 954-298-7126 Craig (English)
 561-506-3293 Alexandre (Portuguese)

 ###### shihanhaley@gmail.com

 #### CONNECT

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Elite Force Bjj | Created by ZING.work

 Data Privacy Policy

 Share by:
