---
source_url: http://leodalla.com
final_url: https://leodalla.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:57.411Z
---

Home leodalladev 2022-11-17T08:44:57-05:00 # Northern Virginia Premier BJJ School Our mission is to develop a new lifestyle while teaching Martial Arts in a safe and comfortable environment.
 Our programs are based on the most effective and exciting styles of martial arts. We offer training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai, Wrestling, Judo, Boxing, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), Women Self Defense, Kids Martial arts and After School program.

 # We are specialized in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a grappling art that was popularized in America by the legendary Gracie family after the stunning performance presented by Royce Gracie on the first 4 Ultimate Fighting Championships (UFC) shows.

 Learn More

 Muay Thai (Thai Boxing)
 Muay Thai (Thai Boxing) is the national sport of Thailand. It was originally developed as defense against enemy nations and has since become popular for being simple and extremely effective.

 Learn More

 Mixed Martial Arts
 Our Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) program is the combinations of Brazilian Jiu-jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai and No Gi grappling.

 Learn More

 # Our BJJ and Muay Thai programs are recommended for anyone who is looking for:

 ### Self-defense

 ### Stress relief

 ### Strength / conditioning

 ### Cardio Vascular fitness

 ### Increased concentration

 ### Increased flexibility and reflexes

 # Reduce BODY FAT & STAY IN SHAPE!

 #
 Total body conditioning is also our priority. We have developed specific programs to attend different needs. Some of the areas we focus on include increasing cardio endurance, strength, power, flexibility, speed and of course – losing weight.
 Competition is highly encouraged and supported for those who like to test their skills. Our Competition Team focuses on the major tournaments both at national and international levels.
 We are always working to improve by adding new programs based on the needs of our students.
 Our staff is our most valuable asset. We have qualified people who are truly passionate about what they teach.

 I started training with Dalla when I was a white belt. He promoted me to blue, purple, brown, and black. Having someone of Dalla’s skill level and teaching ability is a dream come true for Virginia. Many people throughout America don’t have access to a BJJ black belt in their area and would die for the chance to train with someone of Dalla’s level. If you live in the Woodbridge or Crystal City area I would pick up the phone and call Dalla right now to set up an introductory lesson. Come to get into shape, learn self defense, and learn the wonderful art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. It has had a HUGE impact on my life and I’m sure it’ll change your life as well. You just have to give it a try. I hope you make the smart decision and become a part of our team.

 Lloyd Irvin

 Master Leo Dalla is awesome! Northern Virginia is very lucky to have Dalla teaching the most effective martial art in the world — Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu! He is a highly motivating instructor and everyone has a great time in class. I can’t thank Master Dalla enough for helping me meet my goals in martial arts and in life. With his instruction and attention to detail I’m on my way to earning my BJJ black belt! I highly recommend his classes to anyone in the area looking to learn self defense, get in great shape, or to become a competitive martial artist.

 Jeff Ruth

 I’ve been training at Dalla’s school for a few months now and it’s one of the best decisions I’ve made. The class is rewarding not only for the physical conditioning and expert training I receive, but also the camaraderie I’ve developed with my teammates and instructors. Prior to joining, I did some research on the different schools in the area. After reading about Dalla’s experience and of his many accomplishments, I was amazed at the stroke of luck of having a world-class instructor right here in my own backyard. His curriculum involves a unique combination of instructional training, Jiu-Jitsu techniques, and sparring. The ability to train and spar with teammates from different martial arts backgrounds and skill levels is extremely motivating and has helped me improve on my own skills. Those serious about training should definitely consider the opportunity to do so with one of the best in the world.

 Antonio Hayes

 # Are you ready to experience the most exciting martial arts system while doing a great work out?
 ### There are No obligations or fees
 We are offering, Free week trial on all programs so you can understand how our program works and how it can benefit you. Come for this free trial so we can talk about what you can expect from our program and find out if it is what are you looking for.

 # Free one week trial

 #### First Name* #### Last Name* #### Email* #### Mobile Phone* #### Please verify submission*

 ×

 ## Social Media

 # Where are we located?
 We have two locations to better serve the Northern Virginia demand for this martial arts system.

 Woodbridge
 Leo Dalla Martial Arts
 12608 Darby Brook Ct.
 Woodbridge, VA 22192

 Directions

 Arlington
 Onelife Fitness – Ballston
 4238 Wilson Blvd.
 Arlington, VA 22203

 Directions

 We welcome all martial artists, regardless of style and previous training experience. Classes are open to men, women, teens and kids (Woodbridge only) of all skill levels. If you are in the Northern Virginia area and would like to learn a realistic martial art in a relaxed, yet challenging environment, please come and attend a free week trial.
 ### Call now and set up an appointment (202) 288-7373 or (703) 303-1968
 If you are not close to these areas, check my links page and see if there is any other school in our association near you. Team Big Brothers has many schools around MD – DC – VA.
