---
source_url: http://championstriking.com
final_url: https://www.championstriking.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.917Z
---

# RESILIENCE // RESPECT PERSEVERANCE
 WELCOME TO A COMMUNITY
 OF CHAMPIONS

 Champion Striking and Fitness is a community of people united to unlock their full physical and mental potential through means of martial arts and fitness.
 Our kickboxing programs are tailored for seasoned fighters, beginners, and enthusiasts of all ages, inspiring all to apply the discipline and philosophy of kickboxing to their daily lives.
 We also offer gym-goers a place where they can reach their fitness goals by joining one of our classes.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 About Us
 # BE THE HERO OF YOUR JOURNEY

 ### YOUTH
 TIMELESS SKILLS
 AT AN EARLY AGE

 Our youth kickboxing program will unlock your child’s mental and physical potential. They will build resilience, physical strength, and develop friendships that will add to their structure and enhance their focus.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ### COMMUNITY
 LEARN TO TRAIN LIKE
 A COMPETITOR. LIVE LIFE LIKE
 A CHAMPION.

 All students embark on a journey of self defense, discipline, resilience, physical and mental development during our kickboxing and fitness classes. Your mind and body will be challenged and strengthened with the support of our community. We all train together, learn together, grow together, and respect
 each other.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ### FOR SEASONED KICKBOXERS
 YOUR JOURNEY CONTINUES
 HERE AT CHAMPION

 Our facility offers classes to challenge and build up your fighting skills. Seasoned practitioners will have access to experienced instructors and competitors to advance and grow their skills. Book your free trial to discover the champion experience.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 Contact
 ## CONTACT US
