---
source_url: http://www.subforcebjj.com/classes
final_url: https://www.subforcebjj.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:45.308Z
---

# Our programs

 We have been in business for over 20 years and have watched students make martial arts a life long passion. It is never too early or too late to start!
 We offer kids Jiujitsu and MMA classes for ages 3-14, as well as adult Jiujitsu, Muay Thai Kickboxing, and Judo.

 # Adult Jiujitsu

 By definition, jiu-jitsu means “the gentle art”, or “the yielding art”. This art focuses on grappling techniques reminiscent to wrestling and ground fighting. It utilizes positional strategies and LEVERAGE, and is built on the belief that, regardless of size or strength, anyone can defeat their opponent by applying proper TECHNIQUE.

 Learn More
 Learn More

 # Adult MUAY THAI

 Muay Thai is a striking art that utilizes attacks from the fists, elbows, knees, and feet. Strikes can be thrown from long, mid, or close range. Very different from the grappling techniques used in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, clinch maneuvers are used to set up knee and elbow strikes or to throw your opponent to the ground.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 # Kids Classes

 For ages 3-14. The SubForce kid’s program is FUN, while also laying the foundation of technique, self control, confidence, and fitness. Brazilian jiu-jitsu, is safe even for young ages. We ensure that, wherever a fight goes, our martial arts program for kids arms your child with the skills to defend themselves.

 learn more
 learn more

 # Adult Judo

 Freestyle Judo’s core principles of throws, pins, and submissions, makes it a perfect addition to your grappling or stand up, while also being a complete art of its own.

 Learn More
 Learn More

 # Parent + Me BJJ

 This class is an opportunity for parents to train and play with their little ones (ages 1-5). While jiujitsu can be complex, its most basic concepts come quite naturally to children.
 Class is held on Monday, from 6:00pm-6:30pm.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 # EVENTS

 We offer self defense seminars, community outings, private lessons, birthday parties, and so much more. Be sure to follow us on Instagram, and sign up for emails so you stay in the loop.

 Stay in the Loop
 Stay in the Loop

 # Sign up for a free week trial. Interested in getting started? Or you have some questions? Click the link below to get in touch.

 Start Here
 Start Here
