---
source_url: http://www.subforcebjj.com/kids-jiujitsu
final_url: https://www.subforcebjj.com/kids-jiujitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:45.488Z
---

# Kids Brazilian Jiujitsu. Teaching our children confidence and focus will build a foundation for anywhere life takes them.
 Sign up for a FREE week!

 ## What You Will love about subforce: Multiple Classes Per Week, To Fit Your Schedule
 Great Student to Instructor Ratio
 Large Mat Spaces
 Clean Facility
 Instructors that Actively Train in the Art
 Cooperative/ Competitive Atmosphere

 Learn More
 Learn More

 ## FAQs

 - What age can my child start? Each child is different, so we take the individual’s interest and focus ability into account. The best way to know if your child is ready, is to come in for a free trial week. - What is the class schedule? Contact us and we will send you our schedule. We have a ton of classes for each age group, including weekday and weekend classes. - What Kind of Gear do they need? The Jiujitsu uniform, called a “Gi”, is a key element in Jiujitsu techniques. We will provide your child with their Jiujitsu belt. - Do you offer private lessions? We do! Let us know if you are interested. Private lessions are a great way to see quick results. - Will my child get hurt? The beauty of jiujitsu is that there are no strikes, making it a lot safer than one might assume. At Subforce we we foster a team mentality where students are here to challenge each other and get better, but not at the expense of safety.

 TRY A FREE WEEK
 TRY A FREE WEEK

 - Builds Confidence and Humility - Develops Strength/ Endurance/ Agility - Real Self Defense - Fosters a Strong Work Ethic and Discipline - Sharpens Proprioception/ Body Awairness - Achieve Emotional Balance/ Form of Meditation - Improves Attention & Memory - Quickens Decision Making Skills - Reduces Stress - Builds Relationships

 ## Benifits of jiujitsu

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 # We also offer Kids MMA

 ## In a screen filled world, get your kids on the mat and moving!

 Lets do it
 Lets do it
