---
source_url: https://elitejiujitsu.com/?page_id=805
final_url: https://elitejiujitsu.com/?page_id=805
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:05.805Z
---

Skip to content ## Schedule

 ## Adult Class

 Come Experience the best in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Gi training. Jeff Mitchell will teach you his proven techniques through the years of experience. Join us today for 2 week free sessions to try it out for yourself.

 ## Children's Class

 Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy combines the positive mental and physical aspects of Martial arts with fun and enjoyable ground techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu . In our fun, safe and fresh environment, children learn effective self-defense techniques in a controlled manner.

 ## Self Defense

 Students are paired up when possible with others of their size and ability to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for everyone. These classes aim to make self defense fun and the drills and activities during the classes are free-form so that they do not become routine and boring.

 Monday

 5:00 – 6:00 PM

 Children’s

 BJJ

 6:00 – 7:00 PM

 Fudamentals

 BJJ

 7:00 – 8:00 PM

 OPEN MAT

 Tuesday

 5:30 – 6:45 PM

 OPEN MAT

 5:45 – 6:45 PM

 JUDO

 6:45 – 7:45 PM

 BJJ

 Wednesday

 5:00 – 6:00 PM

 Children’s

 BJJ

 6:00 – 7:00 PM

 NO-GI

 BJJ

 7:00 – 8:00 PM

 SELF DEFENSE

 Thursday

 5:30 – 6:30 PM

 OPEN MAT

 6:45 – 7:45 PM

 BJJ

 Friday

 5:30 – 6:45 PM

 BJJ

 Saturday

 11:00 – 11:45 AM

 Children’s

 BJJ

 12:00 – 1:00 PM

 BJJ

 ## Join Us

 Through years of rigorous attention to detail and student performance, Robson Moura has developed a number of innovative and cutting edge approaches proven to help students improve their conditioning and skills.

 Class Schedule

 ## We would like to hear from you.

 - 302-738-9988 - elitejiujitsude@gmail.com - 280 East Main Street #114, Newark, DE - Join Us on Facebook

 ## We're easy to find on Main Street in Newark!

 Just turn right into the parking lot at the third light (Tyre Ave.) on Main Street. The first light is the major intersection of 273 & Kirkwood Highway – also known as the intersection of Ogletown Road & Library Avenue.
