---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetgrandrapids.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=17316027082546459220
final_url: https://www.10thplanetgrandrapids.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=17316027082546459220
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:17.519Z
---

# 10TH PLANET JIU JITSU GRAND RAPIDS
 Our academy blends multiple grappling arts, including Wrestling, Sambo, Judo, MMA, and self-defense, into its Nogi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu curriculum to create a well-rounded student.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 #### 1 —
 #### Adults Jiu Jitsu
 Adult classes are designed to provide a comprehensive and engaging training experience for adults of all skill levels. These classes are perfect for beginners looking to learn fundamentals or experienced practitioners aiming to refine their techniques and advance their skills. Join our 10th Planet no-gi adult program and embark on a transformative journey of self-discovery, physical fitness, and technical mastery in the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 #### 2 —
 #### Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Kids classes are specially designed to provide a fun, safe, and educational training environment for children interested in learning the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. This class is tailored to accommodate kids of different ages and skill levels. They will be introduced to the fundamental principles and techniques of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu while promoting physical fitness, discipline, and self-confidence.

 #### 3 —
 #### Wrestling
 This is your Service description. Use this space to describe what the service entails, benefits for users and any other important information.

 "Very friendly and welcoming environment. The best place to learn martial arts (Jiu Jitsu) for self defense, competition, or even just for a good workout! The coaches are incredibly talented and excellent teachers and will help you succeed in your personal journey. My life has been changed by being a part of the Scallywag team!"

 Dante Ramirez
 Student

 #### Start Your Jiu Jitsu Journey Today
 TRY A FREE CLASS

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 # Class Schedule

 ## Meet Coach ## Chili Jamison
 Chili started training in the 10th Planet system in 2009 and never looked back. Growing up as a wrestler, he quickly fell in love with the intensity and competitive nature of MMA. It was during his time as an MMA fighter/coach that Chili was introduced to 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu. He was immediately drawn to the unorthodox techniques and unconventional approach to grappling that the system offered. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced competitor, Coach Chili is committed to helping you achieve your goals in Jiu Jitsu. He is a firm believer in the transformative power of the sport, and he works tirelessly to help his students develop not just as athletes, but as individuals as well.

 # The Captain's Log
 Why Train at 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Grand Rapids?

 Nov 6, 2025

 Essential Techniques in No-Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Sep 8, 2025

 Enhancing Flexibility for Jiu Jitsu Success

 Sep 8, 2025

 #### Start Your Jiu Jitsu Journey Today
 TRY A FREE CLASS

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 ### Do I need experience to start jiu jitsu?
 No experience required. Classes are designed to take you from a complete beginner to an advanced martial artist. Likewise, you don’t need to “get in shape” before starting Jiu Jitsu classes.

 ### Can I train if I have a preexisting injury or medical condition?
 It depends on the severity and nature of the injury or medical condition. It is recommended to consult with a health care professional and inform the instructor about any limitations or concerns. In many cases, modifications can be made to accommodate individual needs.

 ### Are there any competitions or belt promotions in Jiu Jitsu?
 Competitions are common and provide an opportunity for practitioners to test their skills against others. Belt promotions are designed with the goal of recognizing and rewarding progress and skill development.

 ### Is Jiu Jitsu a good self-defense martial art?
 Yes, Jiu Jitsu is widely recognized as an effective self-defense martial art. It emphasizes techniques that allow smaller individuals to overcome larger opponents using leverage, movement, and submissions.
