---
source_url: http://www.fightsciencemma.com
final_url: https://fightsciencemma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:28.120Z
---

Home WordPressAdmin 2023-05-02T18:40:24+00:00 #### New Payment Policy for Apparel, Gear, and Other Merchandise
 Dear Members and Friends:
 We wanted to let you know that starting Monday, May 1, 2023, we will move away from cash payments for fitness apparel, fight gear and all other pro shop merchandise. This change will help us to streamline our operations and improve the efficiency of our service.
 Please note that we will still be accepting cash payments for beverages and snacks, so you don’t have to worry about not having your credit card or mobile payment app on hand when you’re in need of a quick refreshment.
 We understand that this may be an inconvenience for some members, but we believe this policy will ultimately enhance your gym experience. We accept all major credit cards and mobile payment options. Thank you for your support and understanding!

 ## FIGHT SCIENCE MMA
 GET STARTED
 COVID-19 RE-OPENING UPDATE MARCH 16, 2021
 × ### COVID-19 RE-OPENING UPDATE MARCH 16, 2021
 Dear Fight Science MMA Fam!
 We are very excited to announce that we will open our doors again on Monday April 5th . Our schedule will be up to date and we will have the majority of our previous class schedule available. There will still be Covid precautions, checking for negative tests, temperature checks, screening, etc. and we urge everyone to get vaccinated and if you have been vaccinated please let us know. You will feel safer knowing that many of our instructors and members have already been vaccinated and more are in the next phase.
 Since we have been out, we have added a shower! So bring your towel and your personal items and you can clean up after class. Since we have been closed for a year, there might have been some glitches in the memberships and billing as we tried to navigate the situation and not cancel anyone’s membership, but keep a hold on those who we knew were planning to be back. If you were accidentally charged and not refunded for any month, please know that we will be sure to give you the month we owe you. Just let us know. We will be adding more classes and such as things move back toward normal and cases drop.
 We can’t wait to see you all again and hope you have all stayed safe and healthy!
 Fight Science MMA Team

 Close

 ## TECHNICAL & SCIENTIFIC METHODS #### THIS ISN’T JUST MARTIAL ARTS…IT’S FIGHT SCIENCE
 We have spent decades studying and refining the techniques of fighting, striking, grappling, weight-loss, self-defense, mental toughness, and fitness. We are perpetual students of all these things and approach each of them from a scientific, fact-based, and intellectual point of view. Our goal is to have a family-friendly gym in our neighborhood that teaches the cutting-edge, scientifically proven methods of self-protection, fighting and fitness to promote health, humility, self-respect, and respect for others while continuing to build the best MMA fight team in the world. We see Martial Arts and self-defense as more than just an artform… It is truly the Science of Fighting: Fight Science.

 REQUEST INFO

 MMA STRIKING
 Emphasis on Boxing and Kickboxing

 BJJ
 One of the best single forms of self-defense

 FIGHTER FIT
 Resistance training, bodyweight exercises, aerobic and anaerobic cardio workouts.

 KIDS
 Anti-Bullying, Self-Defense, Discipline, Fitness

 MMA TEAM
 Evaluation and Invite Only

 ## FIGHT SCIENCE NEWS

 ## Fight Science MMA fighters with local fights! 4 Fight Science MMA fighters will be fighting locally in July. Friday July 6th Kaiyana Rain steps into the cage at CXF in Burbank. [...]

 ## New Technique of the week A brand new technique of the week https://www.facebook.com/FightScienceLA/videos/1042820589200203/

 ## New Morning classes Hello Fight Science peeps We are planning to start a 2 new morning classes in July! Tuesday 7am Kickboxing Thursday 7am No Gi BJJ [...]

 READ ALL ARTICLES

 ## NOT SURE WHERE TO START? Picking the right program can be overwhelming. Let us help you!
