---
source_url: http://www.thealvesjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://thealvesjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:40.784Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Everyone No matter your age, weight, gender, or fitness level—BJJ is for you. Come try a class and experience the ‘gentle art’ for yourself.

 Click here to send us an email

 ## About Us

 Team Alves was established in 2012, since that time we have grown a healthy team, and supported many people along their BJJ journey.
 We are a family business (husband, wife, and son all teach at the gym), and we consider all of our students family.
 We live by the credo: FAMILY OVER EVERYTHING.
 Beginning students begin with one-on-one instruction with Professor Alves so they can enter class with confidence.
 We offer over 20 classes per week to accommodate any schedule. We have Kids’ Classes for ages 4-8 and for 8 and up, as well as Adult Beginner, Female-Only, and Open Mats for everyone. On Sundays after training we like to do ice baths and spend time together barbecuing.
 Katrina is certified in Yoga for BJJ.

 ## Family Over Everything

 We are committed to providing a safe and welcoming environment to everyone.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu requires inherent trust in your training partners and instructors.
 We train hard, we laugh loudly, we joke around like family, but at the end of the day respect, discipline, and trust are the cornerstone of our mission.

 ## Welcome to Team Alves

 ## FAQ

 ##### What do I need for my first class? Just an open mind, and workout clothes with no pockets. Come try a class, and if you like it, we will get you all set up with gear.

 ##### Do I need to be "in shape" to train jiu-jitsu? Not at all. Jiu-jitsu is a great way to get in shape while using your brain, becoming part of a community, and challenging yourself.

 ##### How many times a week should I train? The short answer: as much as you can, and what your schedule allows. But for owe recommend at least 3x/week for optimal progress.

 ## Join Our List We will email you to let you know about specials, events, and new products and classes.

 JOIN THE LIST AND STAY IN TOUCH
 - Follow - Follow
