---
source_url: http://www.ohiocombatacademy.com
final_url: https://www.ohiocombatacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:56:57.374Z
---

Ohio Combat Sports Academy Attention Message

 - About Us - Contact Us

 - HOME
 - CLASS SCHEDULE - INSTRUCTORS-COACHES - FAQs - MEDIA GALLERY - LINKSBraxton Amos Seminar

 # Welcome to the Ohio Combat Sports Academy At the Ohio Combat Sports Academy ( OCSA ), our goal is simple… to provide our students a high level of or personal attention & instruction.
 The OCSA is staffed by professional and experienced instructors. They have dedicated their lives to learning & sharing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, & Submission Grappling.

 Our staff’s diverse teaching & training philosophy has proven to develop highly skilled & technical students within all the programs we offer.

 Regardless your experience level, age, or long-term goals... we have a program that is tailored just for you!

 The OCSA is not a “ club ” or a “ gym ”. We are a full-time academy that focuses on more than just teaching technique…we strive to develop character through team work, respect, and discipline.

 At the OCSA , we are more than just a school….more than a team…we are FAMILY !

 We look forward to seeing you soon!

 Lastest Facebook Activity

 OCSA News/Press
 No News/Press Releases

 Our Sponsors

 Contact OCSA
 Ohio Combat Sports Academy
 6950 Americana Parkway
 Suite F
 Reynoldsburg, OH 43068
 Phone: 614-288-0398
 Email: info@ohiocombatacademy.com

 Follow Us

 Subscribe to Our Mailing List
 Enter Your Email Address

 For Email Marketing you can trust

 Content Copyright 2010-2014. Ohio Combat Sports Academy. All rights reserved.

 Privacy Policy | Sitemap

 Web Design, CMS and Hosting by RMS Media
