---
source_url: http://www.aresbjjsanford.com/classes/Competition-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://aresbjjsanford.com/classes/Competition-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:37.453Z
---

# Competition Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Sanford ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Ares BJJ Sanford. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Free Trial!

 ## #### Get Fighting Fit With Competition Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training At Ares BJJ Sanford There's nothing quite like testing your abilities in competition. With Ares BJJ Sanford, we're here to help you all the way. Our Competition Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program can help you get into peak performance in no time! With our world-class instruction and our community dedicated to lifting our members up, there's no wonder Ares BJJ Sanford is the first choice for people all across Sanford, Linden Oaks, and Tramway.

 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 Start Your Free Trial!

 #### Train With Professional Instructors Ares BJJ Sanford was founded with the support of Pan Am Silver and Bronze Medalist Brad Morris. By joining Tru Fight Team, you gain access to his expertise along with the strong community that we're building in Sanford. We'll help you with your takedowns, grips, grappling, and leverage. All you have to do is show up!
 ##### With Competition Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training in Sanford, you'll receive: - Specialized attention designed to improve your techniques - Coaches and teammates dedicated to your success - Opportunities for growth and new skills - World-class instruction in a family space
 #### There Is No Competition When It Comes To Who You Should Train With Part of the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu lifestyle that we're trying to share with Sanford is the joy of competition! Our expert team at Ares BJJ Sanford is here to help you get ready with our Competition Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training. We invite competitors from all over Sanford, Linden Oaks, and Tramway to join our Team today!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 Start Your Free Trial!

 ## The Top BJJ Experience in Sanford Request information

 Thank you Ares BJJ Sanford, I brought home the gold! I Drive all the way from Fayetteville because nothing here compares & I don't trust anyone else with my kids 5, 7, 14 & 17 age range.

 Professional place with good people who know what they are doing. A great atmosphere.

 awesome classes for kids & adults!

 ### Claim Your Free Trial!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
