---
source_url: https://vancouverelitemma.net/classes/
final_url: https://vancouverelitemma.net/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:47.996Z
---

# VancouverElite MMA

 Empowering All Ages Through Martial Arts Excellence

 # VancouverElite MMA

 Empowering All Ages Through Martial Arts Excellence

 ## Our Classes We offer the opportunity to join a community focused on respect, honor, and discipline all while helping our students gain confidence, keep healthy, and have fun. With specializations in Kickboxing, Jiu Jitsu, Boxing, and MMA, Vancouver Elite has something for everyone!

 ## Honor

 ## Respect

 ## Discipline

 Jiu-Jitsu classes
 Available Mon-Sat

 Unlock Strength and Confidence ## Jiu-Jitsu

 Step into a dynamic martial art that builds not just skill but also self-discipline and confidence. Jiu-Jitsu is about mastering techniques to outmaneuver your opponent using joint locks and choke holds, emphasizing strategy over brute strength.
 Jiu-Jitsu Class Information

 Kickboxing classes
 Available Mon-Fri

 Elevate Your Fitness and Skill ## Kickboxing

 Ignite your energy and transform your fitness with high-intensity Kickboxing classes that pack a punch—literally! Combining the power of boxing with the precision of kicks, this dynamic workout will help you build strength, improve balance, and torch calories.
 Kickboxing Class Information

 Boxing classes
 Available Mon-Sat

 Master the Fundamentals ## Boxing

 Discover the fundamentals of boxing in a class designed to build your skills and improve your fitness. With expert coaching and functional drills, you’ll learn the essentials while enjoying a full-body workout tailored to your pace.
 Boxing Class Information

 Lil' Ninjas Tue & Thur
 Ninjas Mon-Thur

 Ages 4 -12 ## Kids Classes

 Vancouver Elite offers two age ranges for their kids programs, Lil' Ninjas (4-7) and Ninjas (8-12). Our classes offer a great way for kids to gain confidence, develop balance and coordination, improve focus, all through the sport of Jiu Jitsu! Students will learn the art of self defense while going through the traditional Jiu Jitsu belting system.
 Kid's Class Information

 ## Join our Community of Fighters

 #### Take a Free Class

 Ready to start your journey? Experience the energy, support, and expert coaching of Vancouver Elite MMA with no commitment. Choose from a variety of classes and see firsthand how we can help you achieve your goals. Sign up today and take the first step toward a stronger, more confident you!

 ##### Sign up to select your free class

 Name (Required) First Last
 Email (Required)
 Phone
 Privacy Policy (Required) I agree to the terms of Vancouver Elite MMA's Privacy Policy (Required)
