---
source_url: https://vancouverelitemma.net/style/jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://vancouverelitemma.net/style/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:48.595Z
---

#### What We Teach at Vancouver Elite MMA Our experienced instructors are dedicated to providing high-quality technical instruction in both Gi and No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu. We focus on: - Fundamental Techniques: Building a strong foundation in essential BJJ movements and concepts. - Advanced Strategies: Developing complex submissions, sweeps, and positional controls. - Self-Defense Applications: Equipping students with practical skills applicable in real-world scenarios. - Physical Conditioning: Enhancing overall body control, cardio, and flexibility.
 Whether you're aiming to climb the ranks in Jiu-Jitsu, prepare for competition, or improve your fitness, our programs are designed to support your individual goals. Join us at Vancouver Elite MMA to embark on your Jiu-Jitsu journey in a welcoming and empowering environment.
 #### The best way to understand all of the benefits is to join us for a free, no obligation class.

 Try Free Class

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 At Vancouver Elite MMA, we offer comprehensive Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) programs in both Gi and No-Gi styles, catering to practitioners of all levels.
 Gi Jiu-Jitsu
 Training in the traditional Gi (uniform) emphasizes technique and leverage, allowing practitioners to utilize grips on the opponent’s clothing to execute various submissions and controls. This approach enhances grip strength and provides a deep understanding of traditional BJJ principles. Our Gi classes follow a structured belt ranking system, starting from white belt and progressing through blue, purple, brown, and black belts, marking your growth and dedication in the art.
 No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu
 In No-Gi classes, practitioners wear athletic attire such as compression shirts and shorts, focusing on speed and fluid movement. Without the use of the Gi, the emphasis shifts to body control and positional strategy, closely mirroring scenarios encountered in mixed martial arts (MMA) and self-defense situations. This style enhances adaptability and reflexes, offering a dynamic training experience.

 ## Class Schedules:

 Monday
 8:30-9:30am Gi Jiu Jitsu
 11-12pm Gi Jiu Jitsu
 6-7pm No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Tuesday
 6-8pm Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Wednesday
 8:30-9:30am No Gi Jiu Jitsu
 11-12pm Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Thursday
 6-8pm No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Friday
 8:30-9:30am No Gi Jiu Jitsu
 11-12pm Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Saturday
 11am Jiu Jitsu Open Mat
