---
source_url: https://vancouverelitemma.net/kids/
final_url: https://vancouverelitemma.net/kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:49.318Z
---

## Vancouver Elite MMA

 # Empowering kids from 4-12 in respect, discipline and Martial Arts Excellence

 ## Lil' Ninjas: Building Confidence and Skills Through Jiu Jitsu

 Our youth programs are the perfect introduction to the exciting world of Jiu Jitsu for kids! Our classes are designed to help children build confidence, improve focus, and develop essential skills like balance and coordination—all while having fun in a supportive environment.
 Try Free Class

 Our coaches care about kids ## Vancouver Elite MMA

 Our coaches love working with kids.
 Our kid's programs are built around engaging lessons where students will learn the art of self-defense and progress through the traditional Jiu-Jitsu belting system, celebrating their growth and achievements every step of the way. Lil' Ninjas is more than just a martial arts program; it’s a foundation for discipline, respect, and lifelong skills that will empower your child both on and off the mat.
 Join us and watch your little ninja grow stronger, more confident, and ready to tackle challenges with focus and determination!

 ### Committed to Kids: Our programs are specifically designed to build confidence through age-appropriate lessons and workouts.

 ### Two Age Ranges:We've broken down our program into two age ranges that allow kids to feel connected to their peers, while also to being stretched to work with other ages. We offer a program for (4-7) and one for (8-12).

 ### Flexible Training Nights We understand that family life is busy. We offer kid's classes 4 nights per week.

 Try Free Class

 ## Our Classes

 Ages (4-7) ### Lil' Ninjas

 Lil' Ninjas is a great way for kids to gain confidence, develop balance and coordination, improve focus, all through the sport of Jiu Jitsu!
 Classes are available on Tuesday and Thursday nights @ 4:15 pm.

 Try Free Class

 Ages (8-12) ### Ninjas

 Students will learn the art of self-defense while going through the traditional Jiu-Jitsu belting system.
 Classes are available Monday through Thursday @ 5:00 pm.

 Try Free Class

 ## Join our Community of Fighters

 #### Take a Free Class

 Ready to start your journey? Experience the energy, support, and expert coaching of Vancouver Elite MMA with no commitment. Choose from a variety of classes and see firsthand how we can help you achieve your goals. Sign up today and take the first step toward a stronger, more confident you!

 ##### Sign up to select your free class

 Name (Required) First Last
 Email (Required)
 Phone
 Privacy Policy (Required) I agree to the terms of Vancouver Elite MMA's Privacy Policy (Required)
