---
source_url: http://franklinbjjclub.com
final_url: https://www.franklinbjjclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:38.952Z
---

# Welcome To The Griz Cave!

 TRY FREE FOR 30 DAYS!
 TRY FREE FOR 30 DAYS!

 #### Tune in as Franklin Jiu Jitsu Club owner, Jason Ramey, sits down to answer questions and give guidance on how to better your jiu-jitsu game.

 WATCH MAT MINUTES
 WATCH MAT MINUTES

 ### We have the most qualified and experienced instructors to teach practical and effective martial arts to men and women of all ages and experience levels. Don’t take our word for it, try it out!

 Find Your Class Time
 Find Your Class Time

 ## Don’t Just Take Our Word For It, Take Theirs!

 ## CLASSES

 #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Basics

 Learn More

 #### Girls Cave (Women Only Jiu-Jitsu)

 Learn More

 #### Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 Learn More

 #### Private Training

 Learn More

 #### Competition Teams

 Learn More

 #### Boxing

 Learn More

 #### “If you want to be a lion, you must train with lions.”

 —Carolos Gracie Sr.

 TESTIMONALS

 - Great environment, flexible hours, amazing people, invaluable knowledge, all around an amazing place! Great coaches and staff! Uriel R. - Walking into Franklin Jiu Jitsu even after training elsewhere for years my nerves were getting the better of me. Within minutes it seemed like I’d been training there all along. Can’t say enough good things about Aaron and all the people I trained with. Extremely welcoming and tough training. Give them a visit, you won't regret it. Charles P. - If any of my military people are in the area and need a place to train, I highly recommend Franklin BJJ. Great atmosphere and a lot of different class times to work with any schedule! Drew D.
