---
source_url: https://www.maxfitnessclemson.com/jiu-jitsu-clemson
final_url: https://www.maxfitnessclemson.com/jiu-jitsu-clemson
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:20.882Z
---

# 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu
 (Located inside Max Fitness, Clemson) ​

 Contact Us
 The art of Jiu-Jitsu is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind too. 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu's programs will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment. Get started today!
 Clemson Jiu-Jitsu is the number one school in the Clemson area for Adult’s and Kid’s Jiu-Jitsu. Head instructor Mike Demakes offers instruction for all ages, experience levels, and fitness types.
 All classes apply the techniques of the martial art Jiu-Jitsu while providing a fun, fast-paced exercise in a controlled environment for both men, women, and children.

 Swing on into the gym and watch/chat with us and see if you wanna stick around and train!
 # ​

 # Programs
 ## If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At 10th PlanetJiu Jitsu, we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.
 See Programs

 # About Us
 ## Here at 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.
 Learn About Us

 # Special Offers
 ## Here at 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!
 See Special Offers

 ## Class Schedule

 # FREE TRIAL CLASS!
 Don’t just take our word for it, experience 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu for yourself. Sign up today and enjoy a free first class!

 Try A Free Class
