---
source_url: https://www.maxfitnessclemson.com
final_url: https://www.maxfitnessclemson.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:21.667Z
---

# Max Fitness
 Clemson's #1 Gym

 Get 4 Weeks for $4

 # Facilities
 #### See the full tour

 Membersip Anchor
 ## Memberships
 ###### Premium Membership
 ##### $39.99
 ##### $29.99/month*
 24-Hour Club Access

 Unlimited use of weights & cardio equipment

 Group workout classes

 Sauna access

 The Cave workout room access

 Outdoor workout area access

 The Leg Lair access

 First 4 Weeks for $4
 Excludes any enrollment fee, recurring processing fees, annual fee, or applicable taxes.

 ## Features:
 - Personal Training - Outdoor Workout Area - Leg Lair - Small-Group Training - Supervised Kids Play Room - 24 Hour Access - Cardio Equipment - Strength Training Equipment - Variety of Resistance Equipment - Group Fitness classes - Locker Rooms with Saunas

 ## Clemson Athletes and Coaches
 ## Max Fitness is the place to be. That's why Clemson's top athletes and coaches workout here.
 Brent Venebles

 University of Oklahoma Head Football Coach

 Blackmon Huckabee Jr.

 Former Clemson WR ​

 Davian Sullilvan

 Former Clemson WR

 ## Max by the numbers
 ### 100+
 Machines

 ### 20k+
 SQFT facility

 ### 4.3
 Google star rating

 # PERSONAL TRAINING
 Schedule Your Assessment
 ## Max Fitness has Clemson's top personal trainers
 # 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu
 See The Classes
 ## Inside Max Fitness is Clemson's Top Rated Jiu-Jitsu Class

 ## The Max Fitness difference. So many reasons to love.
 Huge amount of weights.
 We have an entire gym full of dumbbells, machines, benches, squat racks, and basically everything else.

 Great prices.
 We know times are tough, so offer great prices, as well as family discounts on memberships.

 Friendly staff.
 Our staff focuses on making your experience excellent. They're able to answer any questions you might have.

 ## Fitness is for Everyone
 Looking for a gym in Clemson? We've got you covered. Our mission is to inspire and promote positive change for our Clemson area gym members and employees in an exciting atmosphere where strong relationships are created and excellent service is our standard.​

 Get a Free 3-Day Pass
 *Must present a local state ID, or local University ID to qualify for a free pass.

 # FREE PASS
 ## Not a Member? Come in for a Free-Trial!
 Our mission is to create a positive, safe, energetic atmosphere where exercise promotes a sense of family among members, aiming to positively impact their lives.

 Jeremy Mize | Owner

 "

 "
