---
source_url: https://minthillbjj.com/trial
final_url: https://minthillbjj.com/trial
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:03.443Z
---

# Jiu-Jitsu Gym in Charlotte, Indian Trail and Matthews. Try Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu today with a free trial. contactminthillbjj@gmail.com
 +1 (704) 269-6918

 Follow Us On
 ### Start a Free 1-Week Trial
 New Year's Special — limited-time promotion! Contact us about it today.
 - Access to ALL Top Martial Arts Locations! TMA HQ - Pineville & TMA - Rock Hill
 - Learn the fastest growing martial arts from IBJJF World Master Champions!
 - No experience necessary! Rental Gis available for your convenience.
 - Discounts for students, military & first responders!
 - No Contracts. No Obligations.

 Top Martial Arts has over 200+ 5-Star Reviews on Google and Facebook!

 “
 I've been training at Top for a while now. Since then, my wife started training, and my daughter recently had her first class. This school is family friendly, and you will find great instruction and challenging training. There are both world class competitors and hobbyists working hard together. The vibe here is outstanding. I can't recommend Top enough. Our whole family loves it here!

 Evan Frazier

 “
 My 7 year old daughter began training BJJ at Top Martial Arts in June 2017 and began competing one month later. Hard to express how pleased we are with the level of instruction and the ratio of instructors to students. The dedication to the sport is profound. They start the class with some intense exercise and follow that with instruction of techniques. Then they grapple live with classmates, using what they have learned to reinforce it. We pass other gyms to reach Top. Experience this place for yourself and i think you will see why many people travel so far to get there. Feels like family.

 Piper F.

 “
 I love training at Top. Great atmosphere for learning. BJJ is a full body workout. The staff is knowledgeable and professional, the instruction is tailored to fit the individual. There is a place here for everyone from the beginner to the competitors. The senior belts are always setting a great example working for their goals and pushing to get better every training. They inspire me to work hard and never give up! 👍 🤩

 Jennifer Penny

 “
 I had the privilege to train with Professor Jae Ho Lee! How many times do you get to roll with an Abu Dhabi champion? He willingly shared his insight into open guard concepts and I was glad to listen. He then went on to demonstrate. And well... I am a 240 lb. Blackbelt and I couldn't pass. It is always a pleasant revelation to discover new avenues and transitions. I am grateful for the brief time we shared on the mats. When we parted, I was a better grappler.

 Damon Edwards

 ### Start Your 1-Week Free Trial!
 Fill out the form below & see the difference.
 We'll email you Additional Infomation!

 First Name: Last Name: Email: Phone:
 Would you like a Call to answer any questions? Yes No

 * We promise not to spam you.

 - Home - About - Schedule - Merch - FAQ - Instructors

 Access to ALL Top Martial Arts & Rock Hill Jiu-Jitsu and Classes!

 1-Week Trial

 7800-G Stevens Mill Rd
 Matthews, NC, 28104

 T. +1 (704) 269-6918 E. contactminthillbjj@gmail.com
