---
source_url: https://minthillbjj.com/our-team
final_url: https://minthillbjj.com/our-team
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:03.467Z
---

# Meet Our Martial Arts & Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructors serving Charlotte, Mint Hill, and Matthews. Follow Us On
 Request Information 1-week Free Trial

 # Our Team Our BJJ team boasts world-class instructors with extensive experience and multiple world titles, and they bring unparalleled expertise and knowledge to our academy.
 Join our team to discover the world of BJJ!

 ## Jae Ho Lee 3rd Degree Black Belt & Owner

 Professor Jae Ho Lee, a black belt under Roberto Traven, has competed and won in numerous competitions including IBJJF Pan Ams, the Abu Dhabi World Pro Championship, and IBJJF World Masters. In 2012, he established Top Martial Arts with a commitment to delivering a holistic coaching experience and unwavering support to individuals of all skill levels.

 ## Long Nguyen Black Belt - Head No-Gi Instructor

 Professor Long's journey in wrestling began in the 4th grade, and he continued through high school. In 2000, he started training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) under Luis Togno. He's been coaching middle school and high school wrestling since 2003. He proudly earned his black belt in BJJ in 2020 under Paulo "Mushu" Elsimaani from Checkmat. He is very passionate about coaching and passing knowledge to the next generation!

 ## Long Nguyen Black Belt - Head No-Gi Instructor

 Professor Long's journey in wrestling began in the 4th grade, and he continued through high school. In 2000, he started training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) under Luis Togno. He's been coaching middle school and high school wrestling since 2003. He proudly earned his black belt in BJJ in 2020 under Paulo "Mushu" Elsimaani from Checkmat. He is very passionate about coaching and passing knowledge to the next generation!

 ## Eric Perkins Black Belt - Head Kids & Adults Instructor

 A seasoned jiu jitsu practitioner with over 15 years of training, Professor Eric leads both our adult and kids programs. Honing his skills under Professor Mitch, at Top Martial Arts for a decade, he's become a proven competitor with multiple IBJJF tournament wins. He now puts his expertise to work, leading our competition team to victory. Professor Eric's dedication to the art of jiu jitsu and his passion for teaching are truly inspiring.

 ## Dow Perkins Black Belt - Kids & Ladies Instructor

 Meet Professor Dow, the dedicated instructor of our kids' program. With over a decade of experience in the world of jiu-jitsu, her passion has led her to high-level competitions, including the prestigious World Masters.

 She placed 1st in her division and, impressively, she and her teammate closed out the absolute category, securing 2nd place for both of them. Her excellence continued into 2023, where she once again claimed the title of 1st place at the World Masters!

 ## Dow Perkins Black Belt - Kids & Ladies Instructor

 Meet Professor Dow, the dedicated instructor of our kids' program. With over a decade of experience in the world of jiu-jitsu, her passion has led her to high-level competitions, including the prestigious World Masters.

 She placed 1st in her division and, impressively, she and her teammate closed out the absolute category, securing 2nd place for both of them. Her excellence continued into 2023, where she once again claimed the title of 1st place at the World Masters!

 ## Tuan Hoang Black Belt - Head Fundamentals Adults Instructor

 With over 15 years of jiu jitsu training under his belt, Professor Tuan Hoang leads our fundamentals program. Leveraging his expertise in self-defense, he has taught NFL players, law enforcement, and military personnel. A former US Navy Veteran, Professor Hoang brings a wealth of experience & knowledge to the program!

 ## Coming Soon Instructor

 ## Coming Soon Head Wrestling Instructor

 ## Join Us Now!

 1-Week Free Trial! No Contracts. No Obligations.

 1-week Free Trial

 - Home - About - Schedule - Merch - FAQ - Instructors

 Access to ALL Top Martial Arts & Rock Hill Jiu-Jitsu and Classes!

 1-week Free Trial

 7800-G Stevens Mill Rd
 Matthews, NC, 28104

 T. +1 (704) 269-6918 E. contactminthillbjj@gmail.com
