---
source_url: https://minthillbjj.com
final_url: https://minthillbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:03.530Z
---

# Mint Hill BJJ - Premier Martial Arts & Jiu-Jitsu Gym in Charlotte, Indian Trail and Matthews. Follow Us On
 Request Information 1-Week Free Trial

 1-Week Free Trial

 ## Who We Are

 Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most technical and effective martial arts, combining both mental and physical. It sharpens your focus, builds resilience, enhances quick thinking, and hones problem-solving skills—both on and off the mat.

 Our Professors have won in numerous competitions including IBJJF Pan Ams, the Abu Dhabi World Pro Championship, and IBJJF World Masters. Whether beginner or advanced, our training is designed for all skill levels. Come experience World-Class training at Mint Hill Jiu Jitsu, located in Mint Hill & Matthews area. 💪

 ### Hands-On Coaching In our system, it's all about helping you learn one step at a time. We're working hard every day to set you up for success with a focus on comprehensive coaching and ongoing support while having fun!

 ### Accountability + Motivation Need a supportive environment to push you through your workouts? Jiu-Jitsu creates a community where training partners push and inspire each other.

 ### Optimal Performance That's the name of the game. We're here to help you get the very most out of your body. Engage all muscle groups, improving strength, endurance, flexibility, and balance for optimal performance.

 ### Mental + Physical Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most technical and effective forms of martial arts. It sharpens your focus, builds resilience, and hones problem-solving skills on the mat—all while enhancing your physical fitness and overall well-being.

 ## Our Classes

 * Members will also have access to ALL classes at TMA HQ - Pineville & TMA - Rock Hill
 ### Monday - Kids 5:15 PM - 6:05 PM - Adults - Gi 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM

 ### Tuesday - Adults - NoGi Fundamentals 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM

 ### Wednesday - Kids 5:15 PM - 6:05 PM - Adults - Gi 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM

 ### Thursday - Kids BJJ Fundamentals 5:15 PM - 6:05 PM - Adults - NoGi 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM - Adults - NoGi Open Mat 8:00 PM - 9:00 PM

 ### Friday - No Classes Scheduled at Mint Hill. Welcome to train at @TMA Pineville or @TMA Rock Hill

 ### Saturday - Kids BJJ Fundamentals 10:15 AM - 11:00 AM - *Team Open Mat @TMA Pineville 11:00 AM - 2:00 PM

 ### Sunday - *Team Open Mat @TMA Pineville 1:00 PM - 3:00 PM

 ## Meet The Team

 ### Professor Jae Ho Lee Third Degree Black Belt & Owner
 World Masters Champion

 ### Professor Long Nguyen Black Belt - Head No-Gi Instructor

 ### Professor Eric Perkins Black Belt - Head Kids Instructor & Adults Instructor

 ### Professor Dow Perkins Black Belt - Head Ladies & Kids Instructor
 World Masters Champion 2023

 ### Professor Tuan Hoang Black Belt - Head Fundamentals Instructor

 ### Coach Coming Soon Coach Coming Soon

 Top Martial Arts has over 200+ 5-Star Reviews on Google and Facebook!

 “
 I've been training at Top for a while now. Since then, my wife started training, and my daughter recently had her first class. This school is family friendly, and you will find great instruction and challenging training. There are both world class competitors and hobbyists working hard together. The vibe here is outstanding. I can't recommend Top enough. Our whole family loves it here!

 Evan Frazier

 “
 My 7 year old daughter began training BJJ at Top Martial Arts in June 2017 and began competing one month later. Hard to express how pleased we are with the level of instruction and the ratio of instructors to students. The dedication to the sport is profound. They start the class with some intense exercise and follow that with instruction of techniques. Then they grapple live with classmates, using what they have learned to reinforce it. We pass other gyms to reach Top. Experience this place for yourself and i think you will see why many people travel so far to get there. Feels like family.

 Piper F.

 “
 I love training at Top. Great atmosphere for learning. BJJ is a full body workout. The staff is knowledgeable and professional, the instruction is tailored to fit the individual. There is a place here for everyone from the beginner to the competitors. The senior belts are always setting a great example working for their goals and pushing to get better every training. They inspire me to work hard and never give up! 👍 🤩

 Jennifer Penny

 “
 I had the privilege to train with Professor Jae Ho Lee! How many times do you get to roll with an Abu Dhabi champion? He willingly shared his insight into open guard concepts and I was glad to listen. He then went on to demonstrate. And well... I am a 240 lb. Blackbelt and I couldn't pass. It is always a pleasant revelation to discover new avenues and transitions. I am grateful for the brief time we shared on the mats. When we parted, I was a better grappler.

 Damon Edwards

 Follow us on @MintHillBJJ

 ### Questions or concerns?
 We are here to help!

 First Name: Last Name: Email: Phone: Message:
 * We promise not to spam you.

 - Home - About - Schedule - Merch - FAQ - Instructors

 Access to ALL Top Martial Arts & Rock Hill Jiu Jitsu and Classes!

 1-Week Trial

 7800-G Stevens Mill Rd
 Matthews, NC, 28104

 T. +1 (704) 269-6918 E. contactminthillbjj@gmail.com
