---
source_url: https://www.jinhojiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.jinhojiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:04.676Z
---

We're currently enrolling new students for a FREE class.

 No obligations | Entire families welcome!

 Book a Class Now

 1/7

 ## Our Philosophy
 We believe that everyone deserves to be the best version of themselves they can be. We focus on creating a POSITIVE , safe, injury-free training environment that allows you to learn self-defense, get in shape, and develop character. There is a reason we have earned the reputation in the Grapevine/Colleyville/Mid-Cities area of being the top Jiu Jitsu school and character development center in the metroplex.

 Book a Free Trial Class

 I can’t say enough good things about Jinho! The professor is the nicest guy on earth and has this amazing passion for helping other and martial arts!!! If you are looking for amazing training and great vibes you have got to be here! kids and adults!!!!

 Tanner Collins

 ## Call Today To Book a Free Class
 (817) 812-9836

 ## THE INSTRUCTORS
 "A couple that trains together stays together." Jinho and Soojeong are the owners/ head instructors of Jinho Martial Arts Academy.

 JINHO KIM

 Owner and Head Instructor

 About Jinho

 SOOJEONG HYON

 Owner and Kids Instructor

 About Soo

 ## OUR COURSES
 We offer classes for everyone starting as young as 3 years old.

 Download Our Schedule
 ### JIU JITSU
 Transform your fitness and confidence while mastering one of the world’s most effective self-defense systems and dynamic combat sports.

 Learn More

 1/5

 ### JIU JITSU FUNDAMENTALS
 Our Fundamentals Program is designed to help beginners build a strong foundation in the basics and core concepts of Jiu Jitsu. Whether you're new to the art or looking to refine your skills, this program is open to all levels, creating a supportive environment for learning and growth.

 Learn More

 1/4

 1/7

 ### KIDS JIU JITSU (7-13yrs)
 Our Kids Jiu Jitsu Program helps children build confidence, discipline, and focus in a fun, supportive environment. They’ll develop essential skills on and off the mats while improving fitness and learning the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu.

 Learn More

 1/5

 ### LITTLE BADGERS (3-6yrs)
 Your child will develop discipline, focus, and respect while building confidence and learning the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu in a fun and supportive environment.

 Learn More

 HOME: Contact

 ## YOUR MARTIAL ARTS JOURNEY STARTS HERE
 2350 Hall - Johnson Rd #120
 Grapevine, TX 76051

 tkdbjj@hotmail.com

 (817) 812-9836

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
