---
source_url: http://www.overcomejiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://overcomejiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:45.569Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bentonville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Overcome Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Will Help You Grapple With Any Challenge! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art -- it's a combat sport, a self-defense system, and an effective fitness program. Our team at Overcome Jiu Jitsu can help you explore the ins and outs of BJJ and personalize a training program to match your goals. Whether you're hoping to learn to defend yourself and your loved ones, lose weight and build lean muscle, or to prepare for competition, we have your back.
 We are Arkansas's premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu studio and Bentonville's source for high-quality Jiu Jitsu training. Just sit down and talk with one of our instructors about how we can help you meet and exceed your goals!
 Just fill out the short form on the side of this page to learn more or get started!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Aside from helping you achieve better fitness, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has a wealth of mental and spiritual benefits . By training with us at Overcome Jiu Jitsu, you'll get access to a supportive and uplifting community, reduce your stress and anxiety levels in everyday life, and experience boosted energy and higher-quality sleep. And, of course, you'll lose weight and build muscle while learning practical self-defense skills!
 ##### Join us for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and get access to: - Sustainable weight loss & lean muscle gain - Improved confidence & boosted energy - Reduced stress, better sleep, & an awesome community - Compassionate instructors who will guide you to success
 Overcome Jiu Jitsu is 100% committed to our community, so whether you're here in Bentonville or coming to us from Centerton or surrounding areas, we can help take your workout to the next level . You'll have so much fun training in Jiu Jitsu that you won't even realize how much you're gaining.
 #### Enroll in Bentonville's Premier Jiu Jitsu Program Today! No matter whether you're a beginner or a pro, Overcome Jiu Jitsu has something to offer everyone. From helping engineer better fitness to giving pro martial artists the upper hand in their next match, our team is proud to give our members the best shot at success. Join us in Bentonville for our next class and see for yourself what our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes can do for you.
 To get started or learn more, just fill out the short form on the side of this screen!
 Get more information now!

 ## Join the Top BJJ Community in Bentonville! Request information

 Beginning with my first trial class, the instructors and students welcomed me into the group. Everyone has been extremely friendly and encouraging. The instructors knew my name from the first day and have always been patient and meticulous with their feedback to help me improve.
 Each class will provide you with a physical and mental workout as you learn and drill new techniques. The curriculum is planned, tailored to skill/experience levels, and well thought out to help you progress. The gym is very nice and mats are cleaned after classes. You don’t have to worry about rolling around on dirty mats here.
 The talent of the instructors and their lineage is the highest quality. You will have the opportunity to learn from and train with champion caliber competitors on a daily basis. This gym creates an incredible opportunity for people to learn from instructors who have taught, trained, and competed all around the world. Every person I’ve engaged with here has been friendly and encouraging, plenty of parking outside, and lots of flexibility in class schedule to accommodate anyone.

 If you’re looking to train with the best BJJ instructor in NWA and get into shape, this is where you need to be. Professor Italo is a consummate professional in what he teaches, and his record speaks for itself. Overcome is very clean as well, as are the folk who train here. A very positive learning environment. This is not a “McDojo” so expect to work and earn your spot at this school. Respect ✊🏻

 In the time I have been training under Professor Italo, I have learned more than any other academy. It is very apparent that Italo and Thamires love BJJ, teaching, and their students. Love is the the binding power behind these doors, and it is love that will see them succeed for a long time. They are both amazing high caliber competitors, and have made me feel welcome from day one. If you’re interested in BJJ please come in and give them a try.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
