---
source_url: http://www.overcomejiujitsu.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://overcomejiujitsu.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:45.884Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bentonville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Overcome Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women-Only Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes At Overcome Jiu Jitsu, we get it. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a close-combat style that can be uncomfortable in mixed company or if you're just getting started.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across Bentonville and Centerton a chance to train with confidence in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes. Build your skills one step at a time a get in a great workout that will help you see incredible results.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get more information now!

 #### What's Include in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know.
 Our Women's classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 ##### Join us in Bentonville and learn: - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position
 #### And Unlike at your Big Box Gym, Our Workouts are Never Dull and Boring Think about it. At most gyms, you do the same thing over and over. Maybe you rotate three workouts each week. Maybe you just waste away on the treadmill.
 Either way, you're not challenging your body and you're certainly not keeping your mind motivated.
 But with our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes, no two workouts are the same. Each week, we're challenging you with a new skill or situation. And you're constantly pushing yourself to be faster, stronger, and more efficient than you were last class.
 At Overcome Jiu Jitsu, you can work harder than ever before without even realizing how much your body is getting out of each class.
 ##### In no time, you'll enjoy: - Sustainable fat burn and improved heart health - Lean muscle gains and total-body strength - Improved speed, mobility, and athleticism - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 #### Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have Something for Everyone in Bentonville and Centerton! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Overcome Jiu Jitsu and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across Bentonville and Centerton.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get more information now!

 ## Join the Top BJJ Community in Bentonville! Request information

 Beginning with my first trial class, the instructors and students welcomed me into the group. Everyone has been extremely friendly and encouraging. The instructors knew my name from the first day and have always been patient and meticulous with their feedback to help me improve.
 Each class will provide you with a physical and mental workout as you learn and drill new techniques. The curriculum is planned, tailored to skill/experience levels, and well thought out to help you progress. The gym is very nice and mats are cleaned after classes. You don’t have to worry about rolling around on dirty mats here.
 The talent of the instructors and their lineage is the highest quality. You will have the opportunity to learn from and train with champion caliber competitors on a daily basis. This gym creates an incredible opportunity for people to learn from instructors who have taught, trained, and competed all around the world. Every person I’ve engaged with here has been friendly and encouraging, plenty of parking outside, and lots of flexibility in class schedule to accommodate anyone.

 If you’re looking to train with the best BJJ instructor in NWA and get into shape, this is where you need to be. Professor Italo is a consummate professional in what he teaches, and his record speaks for itself. Overcome is very clean as well, as are the folk who train here. A very positive learning environment. This is not a “McDojo” so expect to work and earn your spot at this school. Respect ✊🏻

 In the time I have been training under Professor Italo, I have learned more than any other academy. It is very apparent that Italo and Thamires love BJJ, teaching, and their students. Love is the the binding power behind these doors, and it is love that will see them succeed for a long time. They are both amazing high caliber competitors, and have made me feel welcome from day one. If you’re interested in BJJ please come in and give them a try.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
