---
source_url: http://www.overcomejiujitsu.com/classes/Private-Jiu-Jitsu-Training-
final_url: https://overcomejiujitsu.com/classes/Private-Jiu-Jitsu-Training-
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:46.268Z
---

# Private Jiu Jitsu Training in Bentonville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Overcome Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Make Every Session Count With Private Training Here In Bentonville Our instructors at Overcome Jiu Jitsu want to make sure you experience lasting success, whatever that means for you. Whether your goal is to slim down and lose weight, boost your overall fitness , or to master new Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques , we can help you achieve your goals.
 Private Training gives individuals from across Bentonville, Centerton, and surrounding areas the opportunity to train one-on-one with our team, get access to personalized coaching designed to meet your goals, and truly get a specially-tailored workout. Don't let inexperience or a lack of direction stand in the way of making your dreams happen -- we're proud to give you the professional guidance you need to experience genuine success.
 Just fill out the form on your screen to get started!
 Get more information now!
 ## How Can Private Training Help You? Our Private Training will give you the chance to get personalized coaching from professional martial artists. We can help you sharpen your mind , hone your body , and get the results you want . No matter whether your goal is to lose weight, to build muscle, to become more flexible and athletic, or to bump yourself up to the next belt, our team is happy to work with you to help you achieve your dreams.
 Overcome Jiu Jitsu is dedicated to the success of each and every one of our members, whether they come to us from Bentonville or elsewhere. With our Private Training, you can take your Jiu Jitsu skills to the next level!
 Private lessons are a great way for more specific instruction, adapted to your individual needs and experience level. Students will have the opportunity for a deeper exploration of techniques and positional study in a more exclusive learning process.
 ##### Join us for Private Training and enjoy: - Workouts & Jiu Jitsu coaching personalized for your individual goals - Unlimited support & accountability from our expert team - The motivation and drive that comes with one-on-one training - Real results driven by custom workouts & nutrition strategies
 ## Enroll in Bentonville's Premier Private Training Program Today! Our team at Overcome Jiu Jitsu is proud to help people from around Bentonville, Centerton, and surrounding areas achieve their goals through curated Private Training. No matter your age, ability, or fitness level, we can use Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a platform to help your achieve your goals!
 Simply fill out the form below to learn more about Private BJJ Training!

 Get more information now!

 ## Join the Top BJJ Community in Bentonville! Request information

 Beginning with my first trial class, the instructors and students welcomed me into the group. Everyone has been extremely friendly and encouraging. The instructors knew my name from the first day and have always been patient and meticulous with their feedback to help me improve.
 Each class will provide you with a physical and mental workout as you learn and drill new techniques. The curriculum is planned, tailored to skill/experience levels, and well thought out to help you progress. The gym is very nice and mats are cleaned after classes. You don’t have to worry about rolling around on dirty mats here.
 The talent of the instructors and their lineage is the highest quality. You will have the opportunity to learn from and train with champion caliber competitors on a daily basis. This gym creates an incredible opportunity for people to learn from instructors who have taught, trained, and competed all around the world. Every person I’ve engaged with here has been friendly and encouraging, plenty of parking outside, and lots of flexibility in class schedule to accommodate anyone.

 If you’re looking to train with the best BJJ instructor in NWA and get into shape, this is where you need to be. Professor Italo is a consummate professional in what he teaches, and his record speaks for itself. Overcome is very clean as well, as are the folk who train here. A very positive learning environment. This is not a “McDojo” so expect to work and earn your spot at this school. Respect ✊🏻

 In the time I have been training under Professor Italo, I have learned more than any other academy. It is very apparent that Italo and Thamires love BJJ, teaching, and their students. Love is the the binding power behind these doors, and it is love that will see them succeed for a long time. They are both amazing high caliber competitors, and have made me feel welcome from day one. If you’re interested in BJJ please come in and give them a try.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
