---
source_url: http://www.batonrougejiujitsu.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp_tigerbend
final_url: https://batonrougejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:43.140Z
---

# Gracie United Baton Rouge ## Baton Rouge Jiu Jitsu Training – More Better
 Get Started Today

 Select Location Tiger Bend Free Trial
 Highland Free Trial

 ×
 #### Select Location to Sign up for a FREE Jiu Jitsu Class!

 #### Welcome To Our ### Jiu Jitsu Gym
 Welcome to Gracie United Baton Rouge, a Jiu Jitsu gym with locations in Tiger Bend and Highland! Here, we are a family! Everything we do is about helping students become their very best. Whether they want to relieve stress, focus on themselves, or find a tight-knit community, we are here to help. Our welcoming, clean gyms are met with a loose environment that won’t add stress to your day. In fact, sometimes the fun can extend off the mat with group activities! You can work on your self-defense, fitness, or competitive skills and then enjoy a bite to eat with the crew. Come join our Jiu Jitsu family today and reach your full potential!

 ### Jiu-Jitsu Summer Camp!

 Camp Dates:
 June 15–19 or July 13–17
 Time:
 1:00 PM – 5:00 PM
 Registration Details:
 A $50 non-refundable registration fee is required to secure your spot.
 The remaining balance is due on the first day of camp .
 Family Note:
 If multiple participants are attending from the same family, please complete a separate registration for each person .
 Spots are limited—secure yours today!

 Register Here!

 ### About Us

 ### Programs

 ### What Sets Us Apart
 Gracie United Baton Rouge offers everything for a fun, exciting training experience. With our Tiger Bend and Highland locations, students can find the perfect home to dive into Jiu Jitsu or Muay Thai classes in a family-oriented environment. Take a look at what we pride ourselves on and what makes us special!

 ##### Two Locations Are you close to Tiger Bend? How about Highland? No matter where you are in Baton Rouge, you can train comfortably at one of our two locations. Each location is led by our personable training staff who can teach you everything about Jiu Jitsu!

 ##### Family-Run and Focused Steven Oubre started training Jiu Jitsu with his wife and daughters – so of course this is a family-oriented Jiu Jitsu gym! We love to have parents and children thrive on and off the mat, and embrace training and bond. This is a place where you can bring the whole household!

 ##### Tight-Knit Community Our training goes beyond Jiu Jitsu. Here, we value building relationships and helping each other. This includes getting together after classes every once in a while and enjoying our time together!

 ##### Women-only Jiu Jitsu Our Tiger Bend location offers Women-only Jiu Jitsu classes. This allows for a safe space where women can train and feel comfortable as they work to build their self-defense skills.

 ##### Instructors with Teaching Experience Many of our instructors have experience as teachers in the classroom. This allows us to understand different learning styles. Everyone is different and we’ll make sure to help each individual student in the way that best works for them!

 ### Find a class that fits your schedule! Check out our full class schedule for Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai at both our Tiger Bend and Highland locations. With options for everyone, it’s easy to find a class time that works for you and your family.

 Tiger Bend Schedule Highland Schedule

 #### Join the Fun at Our Baton Rouge ### Jiu Jitsu Classes

 ### Don’t Take Our Word for It Are you wondering if Gracie United Baton Rouge is the place for you? Interested in what students have said about our Jiu Jitsu classes and community? Then be sure to check out their testimonials. Hear from members of our community on why they chose Gracie United Baton Rouge—Tiger Bend or Highland—as their home for training!

 Previous “Jiu jitsu has been such an amazing experience for my kids. The discipline, teamwork, respect, and strong values they’ve gained at Gracie United go far beyond the mat.”

 Frances Kern
 Google

 “The familial environment has given him confidence, and a place that he feels he belongs. I recommend this gym a million times over!!”

 Alisha Hudman
 Google

 “We are thankful for the wonderful trainers like Coach Ellis and the owners Coach Steve and Coach Piper, we truly feel grateful for this community they have built for our family.”

 Tiffany Wall
 Google

 “We LOVE Gracie South Baton Rouge! It is a great family environment. The teachers truly care for the students and provide an amazing workout each class.”

 Heather Saunders Wade
 Google

 Next

 ### Sign up for a FREE class! Come join us at Gracie United Baton Rouge for a FREE Muay Thai or Jiu Jitsu class! It is a great opportunity to try us out and see if we are the right fit for you!

 Tiger Bend Free Trial ##### Sign up for a FREE Jiu Jitsu Class! ×

 Highland Free Trial ##### Sign up for a FREE Jiu Jitsu Class! ×

 # Contact Us
 We are proud to provide Baton Rouge Jiu Jitsu training and Muay Thai classes at our Tiger Bend and Highland locations. Reach out today and take the first step toward training with our family!

 ### Gracie United Tiger Bend 14719 Tiger Bend Rd, Baton Rouge, LA 70817
 225-439-5858
 southbr@gracieunited.com

 #### Hours Monday: 5:00-8:00 PM
 Tuesday: 9:45 AM-1:00 PM | 5:15-8:45 PM
 Wednesday: 5:45-7:30 PM
 Thursday: 9:45 AM-1:00 PM | 5:15-8:45 PM
 Friday: Closed
 Saturday: Closed
 Sunday: 6:00-8:30 PM

 ### View Map ### Gracie United Tiger Bend 14719 Tiger Bend Rd, Baton Rouge, LA 70817
 Get Directions

 ### Gracie United Highland 8841 Highland Rd Suite A2, Baton Rouge, LA 70808
 225-439-5858
 southbr@gracieunited.com

 #### Hours Monday: 11:15 AM-1:00 PM | 5:15-8:45 PM
 Tuesday: 6:45-9:30 PM
 Wednesday: 11:15 AM-1:00 PM | 5:15-8:45 PM
 Thursday: 5:15-9:00 PM
 Friday: Closed
 Saturday: 10:45 AM-12:30 PM
 Sunday: Closed

 ### View Map ### Gracie United Highland 8841 Highland Rd Suite A2, Baton Rouge, LA 70808
 Get Directions
