---
source_url: http://www.revolutionbjjashland.com
final_url: https://revolutionbjjashland.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:22.200Z
---

WELCOME TO Revolution BJJ Ashland

 No matter what you’re looking for, Revolution BJJ Ashland has something to offer. Brand new to martial arts and not sure where to get started? Try out our intro programs!
 Our introductory courses in Brazillian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai consist of 2 one-hour classes a week for 6 or 8 weeks. Each and every hour of these courses is jam-packed with practical, realistic martial arts skills, detailed technique, and killer cardio.
 You’ll learn from our knowledgeable coaches and friendly experienced students, all while surrounded by other beginners just like you. Everyone at Rev Ashland, no matter their belt or years of experience, started right where you are today. You’ll feel welcome from the minute you walk through the door – we want you to feel as at home on the mat as we do.
 All you need to bring to get started is a good attitude and willingness to learn (and you can drop any preconceived notions of a gritty, overly-aggressive martial arts gym at the door. That’s not us, we promise). We’ll give you all the beginner gear you need; all you have to do is show up.
 At the end of your 6 or 8 week program, you get to decide whether you’d like to keep training with us – there’s never any obligation! If you choose to leave, you’ll walk out in better shape than you walked in, and with functional, real-life martial arts skills under your belt. And if you choose to stay, no matter who you are, where you’re from, or how you identify, you’ll find your martial arts home at Revolution BJJ Ashland.

 Let us introduce our bad selves

 programs

 Muay Thai

 Muay Thai, or Thai Boxing, is the national sport of Thailand. It is a combat sport that utilizes stand-up striking along with various clinch techniques (if you aren’t doing clinch, you aren’t doing Muay Thai!) Muay Thai is also known as “the art of eight limbs”, as it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees, and shins.

 programs

 Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu

 Brazillian Jiu Jitsu is a discipline that focuses on grappling and ground fighting. BJJ teaches a smaller person to successfully defend themselves against a stronger, heavier opponent through proper technique and leverage. Brazillian Jiu Jitsu practitioners learn to take the fight to the ground and apply submission holds to defeat their opponent.

 our

 Specializations

  

 Group CLASSES

 We offer 6 – 8 week beginner classes in Muay Thai and BJJ, and plenty of more advanced classes as well. No matter your level, there’s always something to learn from coaches and classmates alike.

  

 INDIVIDUAL TRAINING

 If you’d like some more intensive instruction or simply can’t make the scheduled classes, we offer one-on-one training with our experienced instructors.

  

 Open Mat

 If you can’t get enough of training during the week, start your weekend off right with our Saturday morning open mat sessions, too!

  

 Friendly Competition

 While there’s never any pressure to jump in the ring, or even to spar, if you want to take your training to the next level, we offer competition training for both BJJ and Muay Thai.

 Our

 Programs

 MUAY THAI

 FIGHT

 Up to 6 Days a Week Beginner Gear Included Knowledgeable Coaches Safe Sparring Challenging Cardio Opportunities to Compete Sign Up!

 YOUTH MUAY THAI

 KICK

 Up to 3 Days a Week Beginner Gear Included Encouraging Coaches Controlled Sparring Fun Workout For Youth Ages 9-14 Sign Up!

 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 ROLL

 Up to 16 Classes a Week Gi and No-Gi Options Experienced Instructors Safe Rolling Detailed Technique Opportunities to Compete Sign Up!

 KIDS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 LEARN

 Up to 6 Classes a Week Intro and Level 2 Options Fantastic Teachers Safe, Fun Learning Kid-Friendly Instruction For Kids Ages 5-14 Sign Up!

 WHAT’S The Word

 ON THE STREETS?

 Chris Lynch
 I had the pleasure of training Muay Thai under Jarrett for about two years. He’s an absolute bad-ass and an excellent teacher who makes classes fun and challenging. During that time, I was in the best shape of my life. I felt like I had shaved 5 years off my age. If you’re considering training at Revolution Ashland, stop thinking about it and just sign up!

 John Kadukamakal
 I am currently finishing my BJJ intro course and overall, it has been an excellent experience. Jarrett is a great instructor who makes every lesson simple and fun at the same time. I’m looking forward to starting the next level of my BJJ training next month.

 Zach
 This place is the best.

 Jason Horton
 I signed up for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu intro class and have since enrolled in further classes. It’s been an eye opening, fun, and super healthy addition to my life. Meeting some good people and learning valuable self defense too. I highly recommend these guys.

 Sarah Huggins
 I loved the Muay Thai Kickboxing intro class. Equally tough and fun, the instructors broke down complicated combos into manageable pieces. Being able to work with the more advanced students showed how far we could take the practice. This is a great place to train.

 Randy Theen
 I participated in the introduction to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class taught by Jarrett. He is an amazing teacher and coach. It is clear that Jarrett has the utmost concern for each person’s safety and wants them to learn as much as they can. Moreover, I am not as athletic as many other students, but Jarrett found ways to modify movements when I lacked the mobility to get there. What a great experience!

 Jose Cervantes
 When I first started training at Revoltuion BJJ Ashland I was right at the 240lbs mark and wearing a size 42 waist. I’ve had a gym membership for over 10 years now and was still at the exact same place weight wise. In the 3 months training with Jarrett, Gina, and Keith I am down to 218lbs and still dropping, down to a size 38 and even that’s a little loose and feeling better than I have in a long time. Unlike the dread of going to the gym, I actually enjoy showing up to train. The comradery and guidance of the classes is like a personal trainer, group fitness and martial arts all in one! It’s motivated me to make smarter food choices knowing I better show up fueled and ready. Jarrett, Gina, and Keith, along with all the members, have created a really fun, challenging and exciting enviroment where a 34 year old dad can walk in and feel at home without any judgement or pressure to do or be someone you’re not yet stretch you enough out of your comfort zone to make you a better version of you today than you were yesterday. Love this place. Come check it out!

 Ed
 After being disappointed at a Mc Dojo, I did more research and found Revolution. I talked to Jarrett and signed up for the 8 week Muay Thai intro. The first night, Gina said to the group “If you’re looking for Cardio-Kickboxing, you’re at the wrong place. We teach you hot to fight here.” I thought to myself, ‘Here is where I should have been all along.’ Five weeks in and I’ve already joined up to continue after intro. The instructors are dedicated and energetic and make it fun as well as challenging. It is hard work but very satisfying. The experienced students have been a huge help as well, and I try to thank each of them for passing on the knowledge every class. It feels genuine here, unlike the ‘Belt Factor’ that I left. Thanks a lot, Revolution…can’t wait to see where this takes me.

 OUR TRAINERS Jarrett Church Head Coach Jarrett is Rev Ashland’s head coach, teaching all levels of Muay Thai, BJJ, and Kids’ BJJ. His advice for new people: set small goals and build from there. Typically, people who try to do too much early on in these sports fade quickly. Keith has been training since 2004. He teaches the BJJ intro, and level 2 classes for adults and kids. His advice for students: enjoy the journey and don't chase the belt. OUR TRAINERS Keith Parknow Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor Gina teaches our Intro level Muay Thai classes. She has been training since 2017. Her advice for students: keep showing up. OUR TRAINERS Muay Thai Instructor Gina Parknow OUR TRAINERS Dax Estep Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor Dax (aka the Ginger Viking) has been training since 2006. He teaches BJJ Level 2 classes on Monday mornings and evenings. His advice for students: come in with an open mind. Lauren has been training since 2017. She teaches the Muay Thai intro for adults, as well as youth Muay Thai classes. She also teaches a women's class at Richmond BJJ. Her advice: get comfortable in discomfort. OUR TRAINERS Muay Thai Instructor (Adults & Youth) Lauren Meyer OUR TRAINERS Matt Akers Wrestling Coach Matt teaches Wrestling for BJJ. He has 17 years of experience and is a former NCAA wrestler. His advice: there are two things you can always control going into training: work ethic and attitude. Be consistent in your training. James teaches the BJJ No-Gi intro classes. He has been training since 2005. His advice: come to class and have fun; focus on small goals, small wins. OUR TRAINERS James Nicholson Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi Instructor OUR TRAINERS Josh Grubbs Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor Josh has been training since 2017. He teaches the advanced kids' classes. His advice for students: work hard and have fun. Brittney has been training since 2019. She teaches the kids' BJJ intro classes. Her advice learn from your losses. Those allow you to go back to the drawing board and find ways to improve and, therefore, grow. OUR TRAINERS Brittney McGuire Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor OUR TRAINERS Will Lambdin Muay Thai Instructor Will teaches Muay Thai level 2 classes. He has been training since 2013. His advice: stay the course. Don't get discouraged when you mess up. Travis Luck has been training for 15 years. He teaches our youth Muay Thai intro classes. His advice for beginners: just have fun with it and never stop drilling the basics. OUR TRAINERS Travis Luck Muay Thai Instructor

 JARRETT Head Coach Jarrett Church is Rev Ashland’s head coach, teaching all levels of Muay Thai, BJJ, and Kids’ BJJ. His advice for new people: set small goals and build from there. Typically, people who try to do too much early on in these sports fade quickly.
 Keith Parknow has been training since 2004. He teaches the BJJ intro, and level 2 classes for adults and kids. His advice for students: enjoy the journey and don't chase the belt. KEITH Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor Gina Parknow teaches our Intro level Muay Thai classes. She has been training since 2017. Her advice for students: keep showing up. GINA Muay Thai Instructor DAX Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Instructor Dax Estep (aka the Ginger Viking) has been training since 2006. He teaches BJJ Level 2 classes on Monday mornings and evenings. His advice for students: come in with an open mind. Lauren Meyer has been training since 2017. She teaches the Muay Thai intro for adults, as well as youth Muay Thai classes. She also teaches a women's class at Richmond BJJ. Her advice: get comfortable in discomfort. LAUREN Muay Thai Instructor (Adults & Youth) MATT Wrestling Coach Matt Akers teaches Wrestling for BJJ. He has 17 years of experience and is a former NCAA wrestler. His advice: there are two things you can always control going into training: work ethic and attitude. Be consistent in your training. James Nicholson teaches the BJJ No-Gi intro classes. He has been training since 2005. His advice: come to class and have fun; focus on small goals, small wins. JAMES Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi Instructor Josh Grubbs has been training since 2017. He teaches the advanced kids' classes. His advice for students: work hard and have fun. JOSH Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor Brittney McGuire has been training since 2019. She teaches the kids' BJJ intro classes. Her advice learn from your losses. Those allow you to go back to the drawing board and find ways to improve and, therefore, grow. BRITTNEY Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor (Kids) Will Lambdin teaches Muay Thai level 2 classes. He has been training since 2013. His advice: stay the course. Don't get discouraged when you mess up. WILL Muay Thai Instructor Travis Luck has been training for 15 years. He teaches our youth Muay Thai intro classes. His advice for beginners: just have fun with it and never stop drilling the basics. TRAVIS Muay Thai Instructor (Youth)

 Our Latest

 news from blog

 ##### 29 Sep: Five Reasons to train BJJ
 Why is BJJ so popular... and is it something you should try?

 8
 By Jarrett

 ##### 21 Sep: KIDS BJJ 6 WEEK INTRODUCTORY COURSE (November 1st)
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a predominantly ground-based martial art, using the principals of leverage, angles, pressure and timing, as well as…

 11
 By Jarrett

 ##### 21 Sep: 6 WEEK ADULT BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU COURSE (November 2nd)
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a predominantly ground-based martial art, using the principals of leverage, angles, pressure and timing, as well as…

 8
 By Jarrett

 1 2 … 11
