---
source_url: http://thestrongholdeastlakebjj.com/classes
final_url: https://www.thestrongholdeastlakebjj.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:41.448Z
---

Menu
 ## Drop in or Visitor pass- good for all day of classes

 1-Day Pass

 ## Little Kids Class ## (ages 5-6)

 This class is a great way to introduce the little ones to Jiu Jitsu. They'll have fun while learning the basic movements of jiu-jitsu which encourages body awareness, coordination and control. Uniform/attire for Mon and Wed nights will be in a GI/Kimono; Tues nights will be in No-gi/workout attire. Class duration is 45 mins.

 MORE INFO

 ## Big Kids class ## (ages 7-13)

 During this class, Kids go through dynamic warm ups, movement/ positional drills, technique of the week and close out with sparring. Great for kids that are looking for something new, whether for fitness, competition or just a new hobby. Class duration 1hr.

 More Info

 ## Adult classes (ages 13+)

 - Advanced class - Covering chained techniques, movements, drills and positional sparring at a faster pace. - Intermediate class - this class merges basics and advance together providing two things; building up the beginner student from basics and creating a solid foundation for the advance students game. - Basics class - This detailed class covers more movement techniques, foundations of escapes and sweeps. - class length 1.25-1.5hrs

 More Info

 ## Belt Graduation criteria

 Learn more

 PRIVATE LESSONS- Private lessons are available upon request.
 - Great for introduction into Jiu-jitsu - Can be one-on-one or group - Great for any current student who wants to cover a specific techniques and improve outside of the regular classes - Available for all ages

 ### Three-Days FREE

 -click to get started.
 -Intro Private lessons available (individual or groups)

 KIDS trial

 Adult Trial

 HOMESCHOOL ENRICHMENT - we are a proud vendor of PCA, please reach out to your teachers to submit cert to attend our classes. Thank you.

 ### Thank you for the visit, hope to hear from you soon!

 861 Harold place ste. 305 Chula Vista CA 91914
