---
source_url: https://ryanthomasbjj.com/classes/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.ryanthomasbjj.com/classes/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:48.748Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Confidence. Discipline. Fun.

 Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is designed to give your child the skills and mindset needed to thrive, both on and off the mat. More than just a martial art, our program equips children with the tools to face life’s challenges with confidence and resilience.

 Prevent Bullying: Empower your child with the confidence to stand up for themselves and others, knowing they can handle difficult situations calmly and effectively.

 Cultivate Discipline and Respect: Our structured classes teach children the importance of discipline, respect for others, and the value of hard work, setting the foundation for lifelong success.

 Create Lasting Friendships: Your child will connect with peers in a positive, supportive environment, fostering teamwork and social skills while having fun.

 Get Started

 00:00
 /

 00:00

 strength lies not in force, but in technique

 Ryan Thomas

 1st Degree BJJ Black Belt
 Danville IL

 Ryan Thomas, a 1st Degree Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt with a background in Division 1 college wrestling, UFC experience, and the current Sub Spectrum BJJ Pro Middleweight Champion, offers a rare blend of expertise that can take your skills to the next level. Tailored to challenge individuals of all levels, from beginners to seasoned athletes, his program is designed to unlock your full potential.
 ‍
 - ‍Elite Expertise: Learn from a black belt who’s competed at the highest levels.‍ - Personalized Training: Progress at a pace that’s right for you.‍ - Life-Changing Results: Build discipline, mental toughness, and peak fitness.
 Training with Ryan is more than just a class—it’s a path to becoming the best version of yourself. Join us and start your transformation.

 Get STarted

 5 (21 reviews)

 ## jiu jitsu is for everyone
 ### Ryan and his staff are great and patient with the kids
 My daughter has only been in class for a few weeks but she already loves Jiu Jitsu. She's always asking when her next class is and walks into class every time smiling and ready to go. Ryan and his staff are great and patient with the kids. Would absolutely recommend!
 Amber Wallen
 Parent

 ### Ryan Thomas is a great role model for kids
 Grandson has just finished his first of many years to come with Ryan and his team. Grandson has loved the experience, training and challenges that comes with BJJ. Ryan Thomas is a great role model for kid. Class is very well managed with great technique, control and instruction. Cool to see the Adults so willing to help with all other kids.
 Jeffrey Willaman
 Grandparent

 ### Great place
 Great place for young kids can learn to defend themself.
 Tammy Hopper
 Parent

 ## Sign Up ## Now ## Sign Up Now

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Frequently asked questions

 I enjoyed my week trial, how do I sign up for your program?

 You can sign up right here at our website! Once you’ve registered, simply show up to class because you’re ready to start your jiu jitsu journey.
 ‍

 After I sign up for my free week trial, what happens next?

 You’re all set! Just try to arrive to class at least 10 minute early so that we can show you how to checked in, go over the rules and meet the instructor.
 ‍
 ‍

 What Should I Wear On My First Day?

 Athletic shorts or leggings and a t-shirt are perfect for your first day. After your first class, we have all the gear you might need at our PRO shop ready to go.

 Do you offer any discounts?

 Yes, we offer discounted family rates and we also offer discounts for Law Enforcement Officers. We are proud partners of the WE DEFY FOUNDATION and also ADOPT-A-COP BJJ.
 ‍

 I have no experience. Will I be okay?

 Absolutely! Many of the students are newer to the sport as well and everyone is always willing to lend a helping hand. The first class can feel intimidating but remember everyone started right where you are!
 ‍
