---
source_url: https://ryanthomasbjj.com/classes/juniors-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.ryanthomasbjj.com/classes/juniors-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:48.903Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Prepare for Challenges In Life

 Give your preteen the foundation they need to excel in every aspect of life. Our Junior Jiu Jitsu program is more than just a martial art—it’s a powerful tool for building self-confidence, discipline, and resilience in a supportive community. Whether your child is looking to grow personally, excel in sports, or simply stay active, our program is designed to help them thrive.

 Foster Confidence and Leadership: Watch your preteen transform as they gain the self-assurance to take on challenges both on and off the mat.

 Support Academic and Personal Growth: Our structured classes teach discipline, focus, and goal-setting, laying the groundwork for success in school and beyond.

 Enhance Athletic Abilities: As a bonus, our training complements other sports like wrestling, helping your preteen refine their technique, strength, and strategic thinking.

 Get Started

 00:00
 /

 00:00

 strength lies not in force, but in technique

 Ryan Thomas

 1st Degree BJJ Black Belt
 Danville IL

 Ryan Thomas, a 1st Degree Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt with a background in Division 1 college wrestling, UFC experience, and the current Sub Spectrum BJJ Pro Middleweight Champion, offers a rare blend of expertise that can take your skills to the next level. Tailored to challenge individuals of all levels, from beginners to seasoned athletes, his program is designed to unlock your full potential.
 ‍
 - ‍Elite Expertise: Learn from a black belt who’s competed at the highest levels.‍ - Personalized Training: Progress at a pace that’s right for you.‍ - Life-Changing Results: Build discipline, mental toughness, and peak fitness.
 Training with Ryan is more than just a class—it’s a path to becoming the best version of yourself. Join us and start your transformation.

 Get STarted

 5 (21 reviews)

 ## jiu jitsu is for everyone
 ### Ryan is very good with the kids
 Ryan is very good with the kids yet still disciplined with them. A very good environment.
 Thomas Huls
 Parent

 ### To our suprise Ryan organized all of the 4-8 year old perfectly
 My youngest at 5 just started jiu-jitsu here. She has been to class 3 times and absolutely loves it. After every class she has continually asked, "How many more sleeps until my next one?" I was a bit skeptical the first class due to the size. I looked at my husband and said, can't wait to see how this goes! Thinking it would be like wrangling wild cats. To our suprise Ryan organized all of the 4-8 year old perfectly. Each class has been something new and he keeps it fun for all ages. We would highly recommend!
 Tara Clutter
 Parent

 ### Ryan Thomas is a great role model for kids
 Grandson has just finished his first of many years to come with Ryan and his team. Grandson has loved the experience, training and challenges that comes with BJJ. Ryan Thomas is a great role model for kid. Class is very well managed with great technique, control and instruction. Cool to see the Adults so willing to help with all other kids.
 Jeffrey Willaman
 Grandparent

 ### Ryan and his staff are great and patient with the kids
 My daughter has only been in class for a few weeks but she already loves Jiu Jitsu. She's always asking when her next class is and walks into class every time smiling and ready to go. Ryan and his staff are great and patient with the kids. Would absolutely recommend!
 Amber Wallen
 Parent

 ## Sign Up ## Now ## Sign Up Now

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Frequently asked questions

 I enjoyed my week trial, how do I sign up for your program?

 You can sign up right here at our website! Once you’ve registered, simply show up to class because you’re ready to start your jiu jitsu journey.
 ‍

 After I sign up for my free week trial, what happens next?

 You’re all set! Just try to arrive to class at least 10 minute early so that we can show you how to checked in, go over the rules and meet the instructor.
 ‍
 ‍

 What Should I Wear On My First Day?

 Athletic shorts or leggings and a t-shirt are perfect for your first day. After your first class, we have all the gear you might need at our PRO shop ready to go.

 Do you offer any discounts?

 Yes, we offer discounted family rates and we also offer discounts for Law Enforcement Officers. We are proud partners of the WE DEFY FOUNDATION and also ADOPT-A-COP BJJ.
 ‍

 I have no experience. Will I be okay?

 Absolutely! Many of the students are newer to the sport as well and everyone is always willing to lend a helping hand. The first class can feel intimidating but remember everyone started right where you are!
 ‍
