---
source_url: https://ryanthomasbjj.com/classes/adult-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.ryanthomasbjj.com/classes/adult-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:49.051Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Master Your Skills, Build Your Strength

 Join our Adult Jiu Jitsu program and discover a new level of physical and mental empowerment. Our classes are more than just a workout; they’re a journey to mastering self-defense, building resilience, and transforming your life.

 Achieve Peak Fitness: Burn calories, build muscle, and boost your endurance with high-intensity training.

 Learn Real-World Self-Defense: Gain confidence by mastering techniques that work against any opponent, regardless of size.

 Connect and Grow: Become part of a supportive community that pushes you to be your best on and off the mat.

 Get Started

 00:00
 /

 00:00

 strength lies not in force, but in technique

 Ryan Thomas

 1st Degree BJJ Black Belt
 Danville IL

 Ryan Thomas, a 1st Degree Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt with a background in Division 1 college wrestling, UFC experience, and the current Sub Spectrum BJJ Pro Middleweight Champion, offers a rare blend of expertise that can take your skills to the next level. Tailored to challenge individuals of all levels, from beginners to seasoned athletes, his program is designed to unlock your full potential.
 ‍
 - ‍Elite Expertise: Learn from a black belt who’s competed at the highest levels.‍ - Personalized Training: Progress at a pace that’s right for you.‍ - Life-Changing Results: Build discipline, mental toughness, and peak fitness.
 Training with Ryan is more than just a class—it’s a path to becoming the best version of yourself. Join us and start your transformation.

 Get STarted

 5 (21 reviews)

 ## jiu jitsu is for everyone
 ### Top notch school
 Top notch school! Ryan is a wealth of information and enjoys helping others grow.
 Neill McNeill
 Purple Belt

 ### I got a sense of discipline and mental clarity
 Feels like my second home, i honestly dont know how id be able handle every day life without this gym and coach. You always feel welcome and the teaching is amazing. Ryan's gym is great place to start a great hobby! Come see us.
 Jonathan Rose
 Blue Belt

 ### Awesome people
 ...and a great place.
 Zach Digby
 Whitebelt

 ## Sign Up ## Now ## Sign Up Now

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Frequently asked questions

 I enjoyed my week trial, how do I sign up for your program?

 You can sign up right here at our website! Once you’ve registered, simply show up to class because you’re ready to start your jiu jitsu journey.
 ‍

 After I sign up for my free week trial, what happens next?

 You’re all set! Just try to arrive to class at least 10 minute early so that we can show you how to checked in, go over the rules and meet the instructor.
 ‍
 ‍

 What Should I Wear On My First Day?

 Athletic shorts or leggings and a t-shirt are perfect for your first day. After your first class, we have all the gear you might need at our PRO shop ready to go.

 Do you offer any discounts?

 Yes, we offer discounted family rates and we also offer discounts for Law Enforcement Officers. We are proud partners of the WE DEFY FOUNDATION and also ADOPT-A-COP BJJ.
 ‍

 I have no experience. Will I be okay?

 Absolutely! Many of the students are newer to the sport as well and everyone is always willing to lend a helping hand. The first class can feel intimidating but remember everyone started right where you are!
 ‍
