---
source_url: https://ryanthomasbjj.com
final_url: https://www.ryanthomasbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:49.211Z
---

Ryan Thomas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 # UnbreakableSelf DefenSe

 Master self-defense, build confidence, transform your life. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is for everyone. Try a free week!

 Try For Free
 Learn More
 Proven Techniques
 Inclusive Community
 Expert Instruction

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

 strength lies not in force, but in technique

 Ryan Thomas

 1st Degree BJJ Black Belt
 Danville IL

 Ryan Thomas, a 1st Degree Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt with a background in Division 1 college wrestling, UFC experience, and the current Sub Spectrum BJJ Pro Middleweight Champion, offers a rare blend of expertise that can take your skills to the next level. Tailored to challenge individuals of all levels, from beginners to seasoned athletes, his program is designed to unlock your full potential.
 ‍
 - ‍Elite Expertise: Learn from a black belt who’s competed at the highest level.‍ - Personalized Training: Progress at a pace that’s right for you.‍ - Life-Changing Results: Build discipline, mental toughness, and peak fitness.
 Training with Ryan is more than just a class—it’s a path to becoming the best version of yourself. Join us and start your transformation.

 Get STarted

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu Give your little warriors a fighting chance! Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program teaches practical self-defense skills and builds unshakeable confidence. With a focus on leverage and technique, your child will learn to navigate altercations safely and effectively.
 Tuesday
 5 PM - 6 PM

 Thursday
 5 PM - 6 PM

 Learn More

 ## Junior Jiu Jitsu Our JuniorJiu-Jitsu program equips children with essential self defense skills and fosters unwavering confidence. Through leverage, strategy, and live training, your preteen will develop the skills to handle any challenge.
 Tuesday
 6 PM - 7 PM

 Thursday
 6 PM - 7 PM

 Learn More

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu Our Adult Jiu Jitsu program provides the ultimate self-defense system and a full-body workout. Master leverage, strategy, and technique to overcome any opponent, regardless of size or strength.
 Tuesday
 7 PM - 8:30 PM

 Wednesday
 7 PM - 8:30 PM

 Thursday
 7 PM - 8:30 PM

 Open Mat
 11:30 AM - 1:00 PM

 Learn More

 5 (21 reviews)

 ## jiu jitsu is for everyone
 ### Ryan and his staff are great and patient with the kids
 My daughter has only been in class for a few weeks but she already loves Jiu Jitsu. She's always asking when her next class is and walks into class every time smiling and ready to go. Ryan and his staff are great and patient with the kids. Would absolutely recommend!
 Amber Wallen
 Parent

 ### Ryan Thomas is a great role model for kids
 Grandson has just finished his first of many years to come with Ryan and his team. Grandson has loved the experience, training and challenges that comes with BJJ. Ryan Thomas is a great role model for kid. Class is very well managed with great technique, control and instruction. Cool to see the Adults so willing to help with all other kids.
 Jeffrey Willaman
 Grandparent

 ### Top notch school
 Top notch school! Ryan is a wealth of information and enjoys helping others grow.
 Neill McNeill
 Purple Belt

 ### I got a sense of discipline and mental clarity
 Feels like my second home, i honestly dont know how id be able handle every day life without this gym and coach. You always feel welcome and the teaching is amazing. Ryan's gym is great place to start a great hobby! Come see us.
 Jonathan Rose
 Blue Belt

 ### To our suprise Ryan organized all of the 4-8 year old perfectly
 My youngest at 5 just started jiu-jitsu here. She has been to class 3 times and absolutely loves it. After every class she has continually asked, "How many more sleeps until my next one?" I was a bit skeptical the first class due to the size. I looked at my husband and said, can't wait to see how this goes! Thinking it would be like wrangling wild cats. To our suprise Ryan organized all of the 4-8 year old perfectly. Each class has been something new and he keeps it fun for all ages. We would highly recommend!
 Tara Clutter
 Parent

 ### Ryan is very good with the kids
 Ryan is very good with the kids yet still disciplined with them. A very good environment.
 Thomas Huls
 Parent

 ### Great place
 Great place for young kids can learn to defend themself.
 Tammy Hopper
 Parent

 ### Awesome people
 ...and a great place.
 Zach Digby
 Whitebelt

 Tuesday

 STYLE ONLY

 Kids BJJ5 PM - 6 PM
 Junior BJJ6 PM - 7 PM
 Adult BJJ7 PM - 8:30 PM

 Wednesday

 Adult BJJ(No-Gi)7 PM - 8:30 PM

 Thursday

 Kids BJJ5 PM - 6 PM
 Junior BJJ6 PM - 7 PM
 Adult BJJ7 PM - 8:30 PM

 Saturday

 Open Mat11:30 AM  - 1 PM

 ## Frequently asked questions

 I enjoyed my week trial, how do I sign up for your program?

 You can sign up right here at our website! Once you’ve registered, simply show up to class because you’re ready to start your jiu jitsu journey.
 ‍

 After I sign up for my free week trial, what happens next?

 You’re all set! Just try to arrive to class at least 10 minute early so that we can show you how to checked in, go over the rules and meet the instructor.
 ‍
 ‍

 What Should I Wear On My First Day?

 Athletic shorts or leggings and a t-shirt are perfect for your first day. After your first class, we have all the gear you might need at our PRO shop ready to go.

 Do you offer any discounts?

 Yes, we offer discounted family rates and we also offer discounts for Law Enforcement Officers. We are proud partners of the WE DEFY FOUNDATION and also ADOPT-A-COP BJJ.
 ‍

 What is the youngest age you teach?

 We recommend age 5 and over but really it all depends on the child. We want to make sure that this is a positive and fun experience for each child and therefore we would like them to be able to follow direction, focus and feel confident enough to get on the mat.

 I have no experience. Will I be okay?

 Absolutely! Many of the students are newer to the sport as well and everyone is always willing to lend a helping hand. The first class can feel intimidating but remember everyone started right where you are!
 ‍

 ## JOIN TRIAL ## CLASS NOW ## JOIN TRIAL CLASS NOW
