---
source_url: http://www.kikofrancebjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://kikofrancebjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:32.800Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Scottsdale ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Kiko France BJJ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Take On The Area's Best BJJ Training Today With Our Classes Right Here In Scottsdale! Whether you're training for self-improvement, fitness, weight loss, sport competition, or self-defense, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Scottsdale have you covered. We offer adults a cutting-edge program that focuses on every element of this modern martial art, helping you build strength and total body fitness as you master the techniques of throws, ground grappling, and submissions.
 At Kiko France BJJ, we are proud to work with all experience levels, helping you build your skills from the ground up in our beginner's program or take your training to the next level with our advanced program.
 Get Started Today!

 #### Master Every Element Of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Regardless Of Your Experience Level Our BJJ program includes both Beginner and Advanced classes to meet the needs of everyone in Scottsdale, Mesa, and surrounding areas. These workouts surround you with fighters of similar skills and abilities so that you can push one another and get better every single day.
 At Kiko France BJJ, we help you perfect every element of this system, focusing on the ultimate goal of submitting your opponent in no time.
 Unlike a lot of fighting systems, BJJ helps fighters overcome the size and strength of their opponent with superior leverage and technique. Our team in Scottsdale is here to help you master:
 - Throws and takedowns - Ground grappling strategies - Submission techniques like joint locks and chokes
 #### PLUS Our BJJ Classes In Scottsdale Offer You A Great Total-Body Workout That's right, the benefits don't end with just cutting-edge competition techniques. We also help you get in great shape fast with total-body workouts that build functional strength and explosive speed on the path to better fighting skills.
 No more wasting your time on the treadmill or stuck in a static training program. Our BJJ Classes in Scottsdale will push you with heart-racing workouts that produce real results in no time. You'll leave each class knowing you got the very most out of your body.
 Regardless of your experience level, our BJJ classes can help you:
 - Burn fat and build lean muscle - Build total-body speed and power - Enjoy healthy, sustainable weight loss - Improve your flexibility and agility - Walk away more confident than ever before
 #### Join Us Today At Kiko France BJJ For The Best BJJ Classes In Scottsdale & Mesa Don't miss out on our proven system here at Kiko France BJJ. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are perfect for adults of all skills and abilities and our dedicated team is here to help you get better every single day.
 To learn more today or to get started now, just fill out the short form on your screen!
 Get Started Today!
 Kiko France BJJ is conveniently located with quick access to the Loop 101 and Loop 202 freeways, making it easy for students to train with us from across the East Valley. We proudly serve families and individuals from Scottsdale, Phoenix, Arcadia, Chandler, Tempe, and Mesa. Whether you’re just down the street or a short drive away, our academy is easily accessible and worth the trip!

 ## Providing Scottsdale With A Supportive Environment For Premier Martial Arts Training Request information

 My son started here trying to find something very competitive. We found it! In which, it got me on the mat and competing. Life long goals with a committed instructor who knows his art. Thank you.
 Side note. I started at 240 lbs. I am now 221 lbs. Thank you.

 I feel so lucky to have found this place for my 4.5 year old son. Kiko and his team are amazing! My son looks so forward to attending each week, it's already taught my son patience, to follow directions and increased his self confidence. It has also helped with improving his concentration and of course... it's an amazing way to release his energy as well as improving his physical strength. Thank you, Kiko and Maria!

 I've been training with Kiko for about 5 months now. I've been to a few other bjj gyms in the valley but this was the perfect place for me. Kiko does an excellent job of getting to know each of his students and help them develop their game while having a great time. This is a great gym for beginners as well as experienced bjj players alike. Kiko's gym fosters a great community and top notch training.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
