---
source_url: http://www.kikofrancebjj.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://kikofrancebjj.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:33.136Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu in Scottsdale ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Kiko France BJJ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Scottsdale's Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes! Here at Kiko France BJJ, we're proud to offer kids from Scottsdale the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program teaches kids from all over Scottsdale and Mesa, and is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 We teach our youth programs in two age groups: Little Kids (6-7) and Big Kids (8-12).
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Kiko France BJJ isn't only about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 Our program focuses on:
 - Self Defense - Anti-Bullying - Building Confidence, Respect, and Discipline - Fitness - Social skills - Fun!
 As your child makes the journey from beginner to expert, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. Our program curriculum is ideal for both boys and girls - and as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Scottsdale for Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Jiu Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Scottsdale's Favorite Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Scottsdale, Mesa, and Tempe the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Kiko France BJJ and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about kids martial arts!
 Get more information now!

 Kiko France BJJ is conveniently located with quick access to the Loop 101 and Loop 202 freeways, making it easy for students to train with us from across the East Valley. We proudly serve families and individuals from Scottsdale, Phoenix, Arcadia, Chandler, Tempe, and Mesa. Whether you’re just down the street or a short drive away, our academy is easily accessible and worth the trip!

 ## Providing Scottsdale With A Supportive Environment For Premier Martial Arts Training Request information

 My son started here trying to find something very competitive. We found it! In which, it got me on the mat and competing. Life long goals with a committed instructor who knows his art. Thank you.
 Side note. I started at 240 lbs. I am now 221 lbs. Thank you.

 I feel so lucky to have found this place for my 4.5 year old son. Kiko and his team are amazing! My son looks so forward to attending each week, it's already taught my son patience, to follow directions and increased his self confidence. It has also helped with improving his concentration and of course... it's an amazing way to release his energy as well as improving his physical strength. Thank you, Kiko and Maria!

 I've been training with Kiko for about 5 months now. I've been to a few other bjj gyms in the valley but this was the perfect place for me. Kiko does an excellent job of getting to know each of his students and help them develop their game while having a great time. This is a great gym for beginners as well as experienced bjj players alike. Kiko's gym fosters a great community and top notch training.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
