---
source_url: https://meet.oomyungdoe.com/free-consultation-ca
final_url: https://meet.oomyungdoe.com/free-consultation-ca
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:07.920Z
---

## School of

 # OOM YUNG DOE

 ## The GRANDMASTER IRON KIM Style

 ## Improve Your Mind & Body - Your Life

 ## FREE Consultation & Introductory Lesson

 Discover how traditional martial arts can bring steady, meaningful improvement to your mind, body, and life. In your free 15-minute consultation and in-person lesson, you’ll meet with a 7th Degree Black Belt (with 25+ years of experience) who will help you set clear path to reach your mental and physical goals.

 ### What You'll Gain:

 - Expert Instruction: Get personalize guidance from a certified instructor who can tailor training to your goals and abilities. - Hands-On Training: Learn centuries-proven techniques to strengthen the body, sharpen focus, and boost internal energy. - Exclusive Bonus: Lifetime access to our Online Learning Center, filled with health-enhancing and stress-relieving movements.

 All Ages Welcome: From 5 to 85, students of all ages have found that traditional martial arts can be safely tailored to their condition, building strength, balance, and resilience at any stage of life. We are one of the few schools that teach 8 traditional martial arts styles , including Tai Chi, Kung Fu, Tae Kwon Do, Jujitsu, Bagua Chung, Aikido, Kom Do (Samurai Sword), and Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons).

 Don’t Wait — Start Your Journey To A Stronger Mind & Body.

 Full Name *

 Email *

 Phone *

 Interested In * Youth Training

 Adult Training

 Schedule My Consultation

 After you click Schedule My Consultation, you will be taken to an appointment page where you can select your consultation date and time.

 # LEARN HOW TO IMPROVE QUICKLY - DON'T WASTE TIME

 Life is only once — no one has a spare mind and body. If your time for self-improvement is limited, then practicing the right techniques for your condition and your goals is essential.
 With Oom Yung Doe's time-proven methods, you can quickly overcome physical obstacles, develop mental strength, increase internal energy, and build a solid basis for skill and longevity.

 # IMPROVE YOUT MIND WITH YOUR BODY andYOUR BODY WITH YOUR MIND

 A strong and balanced mind and body are the foundation for success. Few disciplines cultivate this strength like Oom Yung Doe, which teaches all Traditional Martial Arts united.
 You can physically gain : speed, power, control, coordination, and overall skill.
 You can mentally gain : respect, patience, confidence, determination, and focus.

 Schedule My Consultation

 # 8 COMPLETE MARTIAL ARTS # TAUGHT AS ONE

 Training in the 8 Complete Martial Arts of Oom Yung Doe is a safe, effective, and powerful method of harmonizing your mind and body. With a stronger mind and body, everything you do improves.

 ## Bagwa Chung 파과 장

 ## Bagua | Pa Kua

 Through its circular walking movements and techniques, Bagwa Chung cultivates the understanding of one's mind and body, balancing and harmonizing the flow of positive Chi energy. Proper Bagwa training enhances agility, speed, power, and defensive capabilities, while strengthening the immune system and promoting longevity.

 ## Kom Do 검도

 ## Samurai Sword

 Kom Do training emphasizes strong eye contact with the opponent while maintaining awareness of the body. The integration of mind, body, and sword is crucial, as the offensive and defensive movements involve straight lines and circular motions. Through this practice you can cultivate strength, acute mental focus, coordination, flexibility, and inner peace.

 ## Ship Pal Gae (18 Weapons) 십 팔 계

 ## Chang Sool (Spear)

 Ship Pal Gae combines soft and hard techniques, fostering the development of flexibility, coordination, strength, and speed. The integration of mind, body, and weapons is essential as you maintain strong eye contact and execute offensive movements. Hands and feet are utilized in diverse directions, incorporating angles and circles.

 ## Goong Bu / Kung Fu 공부

 ## Pal Bek Gae (8 Military Discipline)

 These forms incorporate a combination of controlled soft and hard movements, aiding the development of flexibility, coordination, strength, and speed. Through consistent practice, movements become instinctive, allowing for seamless execution of offensive and defensive techniques that encompass straight lines and fluid curves in various directions.

 ## Tai Chi Chung 태극권

 Tai Chi Chung integrates offensive and defensive applications while embodying the concept of moving meditation. Its graceful and harmonious movements, inspired by nature, engage every part of the body. By synchronizing breath and movement, you will cultivate inner strength, mental calmness, physical well-being, and holistic health.

 ## Udo / Jujitsu 유도

 Udo / Jujitsu is a soft martial art that focuses on developing proper falling techniques, flexibility, coordination, and strength. Through the utilization of an opponent's strength, precise footwork, and strong handgrips, offensive and defensive movements are executed, incorporating strikes in various directions with an emphasis on circular motions.

 ## Hap Ki Do / Ai Ki Do 합기도

 Hap Ki Do is a versatile martial art that combines hard and soft movements, targeting joints, pressure points, and nerves. Close-range combat, balanced use of hands and feet, and diverse striking directions characterize its techniques. Similarly, Ai Ki Do emphasizes joint manipulation, pressure points, and nerves, focusing on hand techniques and employing offensive and defensive movements in different directions with a strong grip.

 ## Kong Su / Tae Kwon Do 공수도

 Kong Su / Tae Kwon Do emphasizes linear speed, snap, and the use of feet for kicks. It provides a basic foundation of speed, strength, and coordination, benefiting younger students' reflexes and coordination. Caution is advised for students over 50 to practice with reduced joint stress.

 Schedule My Consultation

 # A LEGACY OF MARTIAL ARTS

 Oom Yung Doe Traditional Martial Arts Schools proudly carry a lineage that spans approximately 1500 to 2000 years. This rich heritage has been meticulously preserved throughout the centuries. Oom Yung Doe was brought to the United States by Grandmaster Iron Kim, the 8th Generation Grandmaster. We have been teaching Instructors and students in schools around the United States for the past 50 years. By practicing the 8 Complete Martial Arts taught as one, students experience rapid and effective development.
 In Traditional Martial Arts, actions speak louder than words. It is not what you can say. It is what you can demonstrate. Our instructors are Internationally Certified and continually have the rare opportunity to learn from a Traditional Martial Arts Master. You can too. That is the strength of the Oom Yung Doe 4-Level Training System.
 We offer training tailored to each student's physical ability, age, skill level, and goals. See for yourself what you can achieve.

 # ADULTS

 • Develop skill and ability that directly improve longevity

 • Quickly gain confidence that leads to better decision making

 • Dramatically increase energy and feel stronger

 • Improve your overall quality of life

 # JUNIORS & CHILDREN

 • Increase self-respect and in turn respect for others

 • Gain skills and self-defense that builds confidence

 • Develop determination resulting in improved academics

 • Enhance self-understanding, which improves character

 # LEARN FROM A MASTER # in the 4-Level Training System

 The Oom Yung Doe training system features multiple levels of instructors divided into four teams, ranging from 1st Degree Black Belt Instructors all the way to Traditional Martial Arts Masters who have learned directly from Grandmaster Iron Kim. A true Traditional Martial Arts Master is extremely rare, and one of the unique aspects of Oom Yung Doe training is that every student, regardless of skill level, has an opportunity to learn directly from the Master Level Teaching (MLT) Team.

 The Oom Yung Doe training system features multiple levels of instructors divided into four teams, ranging from 1st Degree Black Belt Instructors all the way to Traditional Martial Arts Masters who have learned directly from Grandmaster Iron Kim. A true Traditional Martial Arts Master is extremely rare, and one of the unique aspects of Oom Yung Doe training is that every student, regardless of skill level, has an opportunity to learn directly from the Master Level Teaching (MLT) Team.

 ## LOCAL INSTRUCTORS

 1D-3D Black Belts

 These 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Degree Instructors are responsible for daily training helping students memorize and execute form and movement properly (Hak Sup), and develop coordination, patience, and determination.

 ## REGIONAL ## TEAM

 4D-5D Black Belts

 The Regional Team consists of 4th and 5th Degree Black Belts. Students can learn from the Regional Team weekly, quickly developing their ability to apply movement in any direction (Un Yung).

 ## NATIONAL ## TEAM

 6D-7D Black Belts

 The National Team (6th and 7th Degree Black Belts) helps students fully absorb movement (Shil Sup Level) such that it becomes instinctual and can be applied in everyday life. Students have an opportunity to learn from the National Level Team once per month.

 ## MASTER LEVEL TEAM

 8D-9D Black Belts

 The Master Level Team (8th and 9th Degree Black Belts) visits Boston 5-6 times per year to teach Chung Dan Hyung level form, tailored to each student’s body type and condition. This personalized coaching is the quickest, most powerful way to develop remarkable abilities.

 1D-3D Black Belts

 Schedule My Consultation

 # INTERNATIONALLY CERTIFIED INSTRUCTORS

 All Instructors are Internationally Certified by Oom Yung Doe and learn directly from the Master Level Teaching Team.

 ## 7th Degree Black Belt

 ## National Instructor

 ## 5th Degree Black Belt

 ## Regional Head Instructor

 ## 3rd Degree Black Belt

 ## Assistant Head Instructor

 ## 3rd Degree Black Belt

 ## Assistant Head Instructor

 ## 2nd Degree Black Belt

 ## Instructor

 Schedule My Consultation

 # YOU CAN # TRAIN

 Email *

 Sign Up

 • Develop skill and ability that directly improve longevity

 • Quickly gain confidence that leads to better decision making

 • Dramatically increase energy and feel stronger

 • Improve your overall quality of life

 • Increase self-respect and in turn respect for others

 • Gain skills and self-defense that build confidence

 • Develop determination resulting in improved academics

 • Enhance self-understanding, which improves character

 # MEMBERSHIP

 # Adult Training Membership

 # $175/mo

 • 8 Martial Arts Training

 • Unlimited Group Lessons (6 days/week available)

 • Introductory Training Booklet

 Adult Training Special

 # Junior/Child Training # Membership

 # $175/mo

 • 8 Martial Arts Training

 • Unlimited Group Lessons (6 days/week available)

 • Introductory Training Booklet

 Learn More

 # Adult Training Special

 # $175

 1 Month of Unlimited Lessons + Additional Bonuses ($475 value)
 • National Lesson Voucher with 7th Degree Black Belt ($250 value)

 • Training Equipment - High Performance Training Spray & Weighted Pearls ($75 value)

 • Uniform ($50 value)

 • 1st Section Test Fee ($50 value)

 • National Online Membership ($50 value)

 Develop Confidence, Discipline, Strength, Flexibility, and Self Defense
 offer Expires on Monday, July 3rd

 # Adult Training Special

 # $175

 1 Month of Unlimited Lessons + Additional Bonuses ($475 value)
 • National Lesson Voucher with 7th Degree Black Belt ($250 value)

 • Training Equipment - High Performance Training Spray & Weighted Pearls ($75 value)

 • Uniform ($50 value)

 • 1st Section Test Fee ($50 value)

 • National Online Membership ($50 value)

 Develop Confidence, Discipline, Strength, Flexibility, and Self Defense
 offer Expires on Monday, July 3rd

 Enter your information below and an instructor will contact you shortly.

 Full Name

 Phone *

 Email *

 Interest Interest

 Speak with an Instructor

 Speak with an Instructor

 # WHAT OUR STUDENTS SAY

 I started Oom Yung Doe when I was at a time of transition in my life. My self esteem was low, I had just started a new job, and I was carrying extra pounds I hadn't had since high school. The practice helped me find a new strength in myself and the instructors showed a true care for my personal development both physically and mentally. I would recommend this practice for anybody from 5 to 90 years old. There is something for everybody!

 ## Dana Thorsen

 I am a man just one month short of my 73rd birthday. I can not overstate how attentive the instructors were to me. The time, interest and concern that they showed was way more that I ever expected. As a result, I saw major improvements in my condition and in the memorizing of the forms. I received way more than I expected

 ## Mitch Diamond

 This training has been life changing in myriad ways. Both physically and mentally. I’m physically in the best place I’ve ever been and my mental health feels like it's on sustainably solid ground for the first time in years. The dedication of the instructors is remarkable. I’ve never experienced people so patient and supportive, knowledgeable, and willing to meet you where you are.

 ## Amanda Russell-Bolio

 The results have been extraordinary. Self-defense practice has raised my confidence. For the first year in memory, I did not get sick at the start of autumn, saving me two weeks of my life, and the Iron Hand practice has noticeably strengthened my immune and digestive systems...

 ## Cody Valdez

 We have been voted Best of Boston and have had the privilege of showcasing our skills
 for various Boston sports teams and participating in numerous community events.

 I started Iron Hand training. My circulation has improved and my body heals itself quicker. When I practice I can feel the blood moving through my body and I notice that my energy is up by the time I am done.

 ## Vangjel Frasheri

 The results have been extraordinary. Self-defense practice has raised my confidence. For the first year in memory, I did not get sick at the start of autumn, saving me two weeks of my life, and the Iron Hand practice has noticeably strengthened my immune and digestive systems...

 ## Cody Valdez

 # THREE EASY STEPS to Begin Your Martial Arts Journey

 ## Step 1: ## Schedule Your Consultation

 Click below to claim your consultation with a 5th Degree Black Belt (20+ years of experience) who will help you set clear goals and map out a path toward lasting growth.

 Schedule My Consultation

 ## Step 2: ## Meet & Try for Yourself

 Meet with one of our international certified instructors in a seamless and convenient process. Then learn specific movements and experience a traditional martial arts school. Discover centuries-proven techniques to strengthen ligaments and tendons, improve circulation, sharpen focus, and boost internal energy.
 Plus, receive a free lifetime membership to the Oom Yung Doe Learning Center, with beneficial health-enhancing and stress-relieving movements.

 ## Step 3: Transform Your Life

 With expert guidance, personalized instruction, and a supportive community, we are dedicated to helping you cultivate inner strength, enhance physical well-being, and develop invaluable life skills that will improve your mind, body, and spirit.

 # The Life of a Traditional Martial Arts Practitioner:

 - Think clearly because what you think becomes what you say. - Think again before you speak, as what you say will become what you do. - Think before you act because your actions become your habits. - Think carefully about your habits because habits form your character. - Examine your character because it becomes your future.

 # FAQs

 #### How Oom Yung Doe is Different Than Common Exercise?

 Oom Yung Doe is a Traditional Martial Art developed about 1500 years ago. Unlike exercise programs, which are constantly appearing and then a few years later fading away, traditional martial arts methods have lasted the test of time.

 #### How Does One Choose a Martial Arts School?

 Traditional Martial Arts practice is a way to achieve “mind over matter” and purify yourself of negative attributes that create poor mental and physical health. If you select a proper school, you’ll be able to quickly improve your skill and ability, your health, and set a foundation for longevity.

 #### What Can You Expect as a New Student?

 Your instructor will teach you some basic school protocol. Unlike most gyms, a traditional martial arts school is a formal learning environment, and certain practices are followed to make sure the environment is safe, and you get the most out of your practice time.

 How often should I attend classes?

 The frequency of attending classes depends on your schedule and personal goals. We recommend regular attendance (3 times per week) to make consistent progress and reap the benefits of martial arts training. Our instructors will work with you to create a training schedule that aligns with your availability to help you achieve your desired outcome.

 # LOCATIONS

 ## Temecula School

 ## 41785 Nicole Lane - Unit A7 ## Temecula, CA 92591

 .

 Schedule My Consultation

 Students travel from all over New England to train in Oom Yung Doe in the Boston area because
 what we teach is difficult to find.

 # A Traditional Martial Arts Principle

 Your Paragraph text goes Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Autem dolore, alias, numquam enim ab voluptate id quam harum ducimus cupiditate similique quisquam et deserunt, recusandae. here

 ## About Oom Yung Doe

 We have been in the United States for the past 50 years, training instructors and students to develop their mind and bodies, and working to improve the community.

 ## Get in Touch

 ### 41785 Nicole Lane - Unit A7 ## Temecula, CA 92591

 .

 ### 951-200-3383

 .

 ### info@oyd-ca.com

 .

 © Copyright Oom Yung Doe New England 2025. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy

 ## About Oom Yung Doe

 We have been in the Boston area for 40 years, training instructors and students to develop their mind and bodies, and working to improve the community.

 ## Quick Links

 8 Martial Arts

 Try For Yourself

 Adults

 Youth

 Location

 ## Get in Touch

 425A Broadway, Everett, MA

 .

 14 McGrath Hwy Space B28, Somerville, MA

 .

 857-997-0352

 .

 info@oomyungdoe-ne.com

 .

 ## Subscribe to our Newsletter

 Email *

 Subscribe

 © Copyright Oom Yung Doe New England 2023. All Rights Reserved.
