---
source_url: https://graciehumaitaashburnva.com/programs/womens-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://graciehumaitaashburnva.com/programs/womens-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:24.145Z
---

# Women’s Jiu-Jitsu Train with confidence in a supportive, empowering community. Our women’s program is designed to help you get stronger, learn effective self-defense, and build lasting confidence. It’s more than a class – it’s a community where you’ll feel welcomed, encouraged, and motivated every step of the way.

 ### #### Empowerment We are here to empower you through the fantastic art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. You can join us and discover a whole new level of potential as an athlete, mentally, and emotionally. Use Jiu-Jitsu to find your best self!

 ### #### Self-Defense One of the biggest reasons for women to join Jiu-Jitsu is self-defense skills. We teach students how they can handle and get away from bigger threats using high-level skills and simple techniques. Join us to keep yourself and your loved ones safe.

 ### #### Welcoming Environment This is a great community to join! We welcome everyone to reach their goals through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. There is no pressure in our school! We are here for whatever you need!

 ### Sign up for a FREE BJJ Class! Get started on a great journey with no financial investment. Sign up for a FREE Jiu-Jitsu class today!

 Sign Up Today ##### Book a FREE BJJ Class! ×

 #### Jiu-Jitsu Classes for ### Women in Ashburn
 This is a great place for women to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Sign up with us today for a great experience!

 ### Contact Us We welcome all to join our Ashburn Jiu-Jitsu school, including those in Dulles, Sterling, Lansdowne, Broadlands, Brambleton, and Cascades. You can find us located on Loudoun County Parkway approximately five minutes from Wegmans!

 (703) 263-5564

 21770 Beaumeade Cir Ste 105, Ashburn, VA 20147
