---
source_url: https://graciehumaitaashburnva.com/programs/teen-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://graciehumaitaashburnva.com/programs/teen-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:25.224Z
---

# Teen Jiu-Jitsu #### (ages 10-15) Our teen program takes training to the next level. Students sharpen their self-defense skills while building confidence, discipline, and mental toughness. Classes emphasize teamwork, accountability, and personal growth – helping teens succeed both on the mat and in everyday life.

 ### #### Confidence We make sure all our students understand their true potential. Through developing their skills, our Teen Jiu-Jitsu students can find their inner belief in what they are capable of. This can translate on and off the mat.

 ### #### Working with Others Working with others is crucial for all ages – especially teenagers. As they enter a new time in their life, they get to work alongside their peers and encourage each other to work hard toward their goals.

 ### #### Skill Development This is where students can really hone in on their skill development. Whether it is for self-defense or competition, students begin to take their skills to the next level. We have the experience to help them become great grapplers.

 ### Sign up for a FREE BJJ Class! Get started on a great journey with no financial investment. Sign up for a FREE Jiu-Jitsu class today!

 Sign Up Today ##### Book a FREE BJJ Class! ×

 #### Jiu-Jitsu Classes for ### Teens in Ashburn
 Are your teens looking for a fun activity to work toward their development? Then have them join us for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes today!

 ### Contact Us We welcome all to join our Ashburn Jiu-Jitsu school, including those in Dulles, Sterling, Lansdowne, Broadlands, Brambleton, and Cascades. You can find us located on Loudoun County Parkway approximately five minutes from Wegmans!

 (703) 263-5564

 21770 Beaumeade Cir Ste 105, Ashburn, VA 20147
