---
source_url: https://graciehumaitaashburnva.com
final_url: https://graciehumaitaashburnva.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:26.508Z
---

# Gracie Humaita Ashburn ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Ashburn – All Family and Legacy
 Claim Your Free Class

 ##### Book a FREE BJJ Class! ×

 #### Welcome To Our ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu School
 Welcome to Gracie Humaita Ashburn, a family-owned and -friendly Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school in Ashburn, VA! Here, students start training knowing they’ll get treated as valued members of the community. No matter who you are or what you do, you can train with us. You can get on the mats and work on your fitness, self-defense, or competitive abilities. The benefits of this martial art are endless, but all start with building confidence in both adult and kids Jiu-Jitsu classes. On top of the belief you gain in yourself, you’ll discover your cardio, strength, and flexibility all improving. Become your best self through BJJ training in the supportive environment at Gracie Humaita Ashburn!

 ### Programs

 ### Memberships

 ### Schedule

 ### Sign up for a FREE BJJ Class! Get started on a great journey with no financial investment. Sign up for a FREE Jiu-Jitsu class today!

 Sign Up Today ##### Book a FREE BJJ Class! ×

 ### About This School

 #### Our School Our mission at Gracie Humaita Ashburn is to build a place for everyone to feel safe and comfortable training Jiu-Jitsu. Every class has the opportunity to serve as the best part of your day! It is not always about expanding the trophy case. We want students to find the best version of themselves through the martial art. This is accomplished through two factors—our culture and our highly experienced instructors. With multiple world champions on staff, we’ve seen it all! We can meet you where you’re at and help build your game to wherever you want. It is all available to you at Gracie Humaita Ashburn!

 Learn More About Us

 #### History The Hipolito family has committed themselves to serving the Ashburn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu community. They moved from Brazil to spread the wisdom Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has to offer. Their work began in February 2025 with the opening of Gracie Humaita Ashburn. Since then, they have helped everyone they could through training.
 Before opening the school, the Hipolito family had worked and competed with the best. Professor Rafa Hipolito trained multiple world champions and highly decorated rollers. Two of those are his children—Professor Heloysa Hipolito and Coach Rafa Hipolito Jr. Heloysa is a five-time World Champion and is using her knowledge to bring Jiu-Jitsu to more women. Meanwhile, Rafa Jr. is a two-time National Champion. The entire family has brought together all their knowledge and experience to make Gracie Humaita Ashburn a special place for all!

 ### Whats Sets Us Apart
 We pride ourselves on providing a special training experience for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Ashburn. Our years of experience in BJJ allow us to help each student maximize their training experience. Take a look below to see what we pride ourselves on.

 ##### Jiu-Jitsu from Brazil We bring an authentic style of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to Ashburn. Our team has trained and competed in Brazil, and is now helping use their experiences to

 ##### Family-Run and Family-Oriented The Hipolito family leads the way at Gracie Humaita Ashburn. They bring a family-centered focus attitude to the school to help everyone thrive on and off the mat.

 ##### World Championship Experience We have multiple coaches with World Championship experience at Gracie Humaita Ashburn. Heloysa Hipolito’s five world titles and Rafa Hipolito’s eight world titles provide a great opportunity for students to learn from the best.

 ##### Gracie Lineage We make sure to follow the teachings of the Gracie Humaita lineage. Their worldwide impact on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can help anyone become their best self.

 ### Our School Schedule! There are plenty of times to train with us at Gracie Humaita Ashburn. Check out our schedule to get started in the right Jiu-Jitsu classes for you!

 Check Class Times

 #### Check out our ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 ### Words from Our Community Gracie Humaita Ashburn is the premier destination for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Ashburn, VA. Our welcoming community allows anyone and everyone to thrive on and off the mats. You can come in and receive the best instruction from the best people! And don’t just take our word for it. Check out what some of our students who have trained with us have to say about what makes us special!

 Previous “We’re so grateful for all the guidance and support. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a place that teaches real skills, builds character, and welcomes you with open arms!”

 Amy Ellis
 Google

 “This family-owned Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym creates a welcoming and supportive environment where both kids and adults thrive.”

 Ray V
 Google

 “I love it because I feel like we’re part of a family! My husband, my son Benji, and I are happy here and wouldn’t want to be anywhere else. Thank you, Gracie Humaita!”

 Pilarcita Abad moretti
 Google

 “I highly recommend Gracie Humaita Academy. This place is family owned, have great instructors as well as a great balance of learning activities.”

 Luis T
 https://share.google/iHsOQlShQUkJ4SAzY

 Next

 ### Join Our Community! Get started on a great journey with no financial investment. Sign up for a FREE Jiu-Jitsu class today!

 Book Now ##### Book a FREE BJJ Class! ×

 ### Contact Us We welcome all to join our Ashburn Jiu-Jitsu school, including those in Dulles, Sterling, Lansdowne, Broadlands, Brambleton, and Cascades. You can find us located on Loudoun County Parkway approximately five minutes from Wegmans!

 (703) 263-5564

 21770 Beaumeade Cir Ste 105, Ashburn, VA 20147
