---
source_url: http://bjjmelbournefl.com
final_url: https://bjjmelbournefl.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:10.010Z
---

# THE LARGEST MARTIAL ARTS GYM IN MELBOURNE, FLORIDA ### Expert Coaches ### Expert Coaches ### Expert Coaches
 Professor David Sutton has over 20 years of martial arts training
 and leads a team of experienced coaches with over 80 years of combined knowledge. We can help you achieve your fitness, self-defense or competition goals, no matter how big or small they are.

 ### Prime Location ### Expert Coaches ### Expert Coaches
 Our 11,000 sq. ft. gym is conveniently located in Melbourne, FL, on Wickham Rd, only minutes away from the beach and I-95. Our facility offers dedicated training areas for Jiujitsu, MMA, Muay Thai, and Yoga.

 ### Our Philosophy ### Expert Coaches ### Our Philosophy
 Our philosophy is to create a family friendly gym where the entire family can train in a safe and respectful manner without compromising our high level martial arts instruction and
 self-defense training.

 - - - - - - - -

 #### “If you want to be a lion, you must train with lions."

 ## Book Your TRIAL class

 -

 ## now enrolling! #### Now Enrolling Morning Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Homeschoolers We’re excited to announce a brand-new Jiu-Jitsu program designed especially for homeschool kids! This is more than just a martial arts class — it’s a chance for students to build confidence, develop real self-defense skills, and stay active in a positive, structured, and fun environment. With 9 years of experience serving Brevard County, we’re proud to now offer this unique opportunity to the local homeschool community. We can’t wait to welcome you to the team!

 enroll now

 #### Jiu-Jitsu is One of the Best Investments in Your Child’s Future Training Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most impactful activities a child can engage in. It builds physical strength, coordination, and flexibility while also developing essential life skills such as discipline, focus, resilience, and respect. Jiu-Jitsu teaches kids how to handle challenges, manage emotions under pressure, and resolve conflicts with confidence. Beyond the mats, these lessons carry into everyday life — helping children become more secure, responsible, and empowered as they grow. In a world where confidence and self-awareness are crucial, Jiu-Jitsu gives kids the tools they need to thrive.

 Learn more

 ## Coach Marsh is the new Cage Titans heavyweight champion! #### HOTBOX HEATS UP CAGE TITANS IN PLYMOUTH, MASSACHUSETTS Congratulations to our Champion Coach Jahsua Marsh who won Cage Titans FC heavyweight title taking the belt with a beautiful knockout less than 2 minutes into the first round. Congratulations Jahsua for an outstanding performance!

 In the photo: HotBox MMA team > Coach David C Sutton, Champion Jahsua Marsh, Professor and Head Coach David Sutton, Coach Seth Brown

 #### so you WANT TO BE a mma FIGHTER? Interested in testing yourself against the best martial artists in the world? Our experienced team of coaches can get you to where you need to be. Schedule your visit to our gym today and begin your journey!

 ## Watch HotBox Jahsua Marsh outstanding victory

 ## HOME OF THE ANNUAL CARLSON GRACIE SPRING CAMP #### camp photo gallery Train with Carlson Gracie Jr and instructors from all over the world!

 View Gallery

 #### sign up for 2026 camp Sign UP

 ## Contact Us

 #### Drop us a line Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### begin your Journey Contact us for any questions you may have or to setup your free trial class.

 #### Carlson Gracie JiuJitsu/HotBox MMA 1986 North Wickham Road, Melbourne, FL, USA
 321-890-8037

 #### Hours Open today | 10:00 am – 08:00 pm |

 We are closed to the public between 2pm-5pm for facility and equipment sanitation. Please stop by before 2pm or after 5pm to visit. Schedule a tour or a FREE CLASS

 Get directions

 ## Follow Us

 ## Reviews

 ### Our Partners - - - - - -

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### NEW MEGA GYM NOW OPEN! Our new 11,000 sf location is officially open!

 Schedule Your First Class
