---
source_url: https://www.cecombatsports.com
final_url: https://www.cecombatsports.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:25.254Z
---

## WELCOME TO COMPETITIVE EDGE COMBAT SPORTS #### Competitive Edge Combat Sports features classes in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Self Defense! We also have a state of the art Crossfit facility all within the same building.

 #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Ready to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? We have classes for all skill levels!
 See More

 #### MUAY THAI If Muay Thai is what you are looking to learn, we have world class instructors ready to help you!
 See More

 #### SELF DEFENSE Are you looking to learn how to defend yourself in case you would ever need it? Click below to learn more!
 See More

 #### CARDIO AND CONDITIONINGS Are you looking to get in better shape? We have a complete gym with crossfit classes too!
 See More

 ## EXPLORE THE NEWEST PHOTOS ##### Check back here often to keep up with our professors and students and how we do in competitions!

 ### OUR ACADEMY OUR PERFORMANCE 110%

 ##### If you are looking to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, or self defense skills in the Pee Dee area, look no further than Competitive Edge Combat Sports. ##### Our facility features ample amounts of mat space with room for plenty of students. We also feature heavy bags designed for anyone to be able to come in and enjoy, as well. Read more

 Send a WhatsApp Message

 ### WHY CHOOSE US

 #### PREMIER INSTRUCTION Competitive Edge Combat sports offers instruction from some of the best martial artists in the area. We can help the best athletes get better all the way down to absolute beginners looking to learn new skills. No matter the age or the skill level of the student, our instructors are patient, well-trained, and experienced ready to help you reach your goals.

 #### HERE FOR YOU We take pride in the knowledgeable, dedicated, and decorated instructors here to help you accomplish your goals. The depth of knowledge amassed by our instructors in competitive application will be a great advantage to anyone serious about learning the sport. Whether you are training for competition or looking for a new fitness routine our Academy has something for you.

 #### NO OBLIGATION Come in and try any or all of our programs for free. We proudly offer excellent instruction in the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and submission grappling as well as Muay Thai. We have classes in women’s Jiu-Jitsu, cardio and self-defense, and a children’s martial arts program.

 Talk to Us on WhatsApp

 ### HAVE A QUESTION? Call us at (843) 269-6190 or email us at info@cecombatsports.com.

 ### READY TO GET STARTED? ##### Contact us today to get started with your Free class to find out everything we have to offer. GET STARTED

 Get Me Started
