---
source_url: http://www.tapsbjj.com/adultbjj
final_url: https://www.tapsbjj.com/adultbjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:06.991Z
---

# Adult Classes

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 In our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program, you will achieve the ability to physically control another human being who is actively trying to fight you. This control is achieved through control holds, superior positioning, and/or submissions (joint locks and choke holds). This ability will give you the confidence and skills to protect yourself and your loved ones.
 While on the path to achieving this ability, you will become physically and mentally stronger, ultimately leading you to a better and healthier life.
 Our adult program focuses on learning both fundamental and advanced techniques. Students will have the daily opportunity to apply these techniques in a live rolling (BJJ version of sparring) session.
 The Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program will be broken down into two categories: Gi and No Gi. Both styles have their benefits, and all BJJ practitioners are encouraged to learn both styles.

 TRY A FREE CLASS
 TRY A FREE CLASS

 Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is when participants wear a gi (Kimono). The gi is used to simulate clothing (i.e. pants and a jacket). The gi can be used to grab, control, and even submit your opponent with. Due to the additional grips that the gi affords you, there are more techniques available with gi bjj vs no gi bjj.
 No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 No-gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu without the use of the gi (kimono). This is also known as submission grappling or wrestling. Participants will typically wear board shorts and rash guards (though athletic shorts and t-shirts are also acceptable). Since there is no kimono to grab or hold on to, practitioners need to learn other types of control holds using their opponent's body (i.e., arms, waist, legs, etc.). The pace is usually a little quicker and more dynamic.
 Fundamentals
 Our Foundations class is designed to build a strong understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu fundamentals. This adult class focuses on essential techniques, positional awareness, and core concepts that form the backbone of effective BJJ. It’s highly recommended for white and blue belts, but all belt levels are welcome to attend. Foundations is the perfect place to develop solid habits, improve your timing, and deepen your understanding of the "why" behind each technique. The Foundations class are gi only classes.
