---
source_url: http://www.tapsbjj.com
final_url: https://www.tapsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:07.126Z
---

# TAPS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 At Taps Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we're not just a Jiu-Jitsu gym; we're a community that's growing, and we invite you to be a part of our journey! We believe that size doesn't matter when it comes to passion, dedication, and progress. Whether you’re a beginner or advanced, all ages, genders, and fitness levels are welcomed.

 ## TRY YOUR FIRST CLASS ON US

 TRY A FREE CLASS
 TRY A FREE CLASS

 OWNED AND OPERATED BY FIRST RESPONDERS

 ## Why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is not just a martial art, it's a lifestyle. It teaches you humility, respect, and the power of perseverance. Join our supportive community and experience the mental and physical empowerment as you train and progress at your own pace.

 ## NO RESERVE. NO RETREAT. NO REGRETS
 -WILLIAM BORDEN

 ### Adult Classes

 Our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program focuses on teaching practical self-defense techniques that enable you to protect yourself in real-world situations. Through learning grappling techniques, submissions, and escapes, you'll develop the skills and knowledge necessary to defend yourself while also improving your physical fitness.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### Kids Classes

 Our youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program focuses on developing the Five S’s: Self-Control, Self-Discipline, Self-Defense, Self-Confidence, and Strength. Through structured training, kids not only learn grappling techniques but also gain valuable life skills that help them overcome challenges, build confidence, and stay committed to their goals.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### Judo

 Judo is a grappling-based martial art that focuses on throws, joint locks, and pins to control an opponent. It emphasizes technique, balance, and leverage, making it an effective system for both sport and self-defense.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 # COME LEARN REAL WORLD SELF-DEFENSE

 ### TAPS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 311 E County Line Rd Ste A7
 Highlands Ranch, CO 80122

 WHAT OUR STUDENTS SAY

 - "I started training here about 6 weeks ago with no experience in martial arts or wrestling. Jesse is a great instructor to learn from and is always happy to answer questions. All the students here, new and advanced, are friendly and welcoming. From the perspective of a complete beginner, I definitely recommend anyone come in and at least take advantage of the trial week Jesse offers." Lee Huynh - "This is a great new gym with a supportive and friendly type atmosphere. The instructor is very knowledgeable. They do an excellent job breaking everything down and helping you improve in BJJ." Jessa Vergara - "Did a drop-in as an out of towner looking to train. Jesse was friendly and helpful in welcoming a visiting student. Explained not only what you’re supposed to be doing, but WHY. Excellent, clean gym. Altitude killed me but I’ll be back!" Paul Sanders - "Great place to train that teaches legit BJJ with plenty of mat space. I would absolutely recommended this place to anyone, beginner or seasoned practitioner alike. Every class I've been to I learned a few things I looked forward to trying during rolling." Daniel Pasko - "I have been around to a lot of different BJJ gyms and this is the best instruction I’ve ever had. I always leave the gym feeling accomplished and better than when I walked in. I look forward to training here for as long as I can!" Josiah Christian

 SEE MORE REVIEWS
