---
source_url: https://m1bjj.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.m1bjj.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:32.812Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Instructors: Mike Grandinetti
 Tyler Brown
 Jeff Cook
 Chuck Gatti
 Josh Dayberry

 View All Classes ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 ## CLass Details #### Instructors: Mike Grandinetti
 Tyler Brown
 Jeff Cook
 Chuck Gatti
 Josh Dayberry

 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class caters to individuals of all levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners, creating an inclusive and supportive training environment. Whether you are new to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or seeking to enhance your skills, our class provides a comprehensive and progressive approach to learning the art.
 For beginners, the class focuses on building a solid foundation of fundamental techniques and concepts. Our experienced instructors guide newcomers through step-by-step instruction, ensuring proper form and technique. Emphasis is placed on learning fundamental positions, transitions, and basic submissions. As beginners progress, they gain confidence and competence, gradually integrating more advanced techniques into their repertoire.
 At the same time, advanced practitioners in our class benefit from a challenging training environment where they can refine their skills. They have the opportunity to share their expertise with newer students, helping them progress while also continuing to elevate their own game. Instructors provide individualized attention to address the specific needs and goals of each participant, regardless of their skill level.
 By fostering a welcoming and inclusive atmosphere, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class ensures that everyone, regardless of experience, can benefit from the training. Beginners receive a strong foundation, while advanced practitioners have the opportunity to further develop their skills. It is a space where individuals of all levels can learn, grow, and thrive in their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey.

 View Class Schedule

 ### CLASSES FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITIES Start your Journey

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu STRIKING CQB Kids CLASSES Womens Only PERSONAL TRAINING
 SCHEDULES Training & Events ABOUT
 CONTACT

 M1 Combat Academy | Designed by Krys Newman
