---
source_url: https://m1bjj.com/classes/grappling-fit
final_url: https://www.m1bjj.com/classes/grappling-fit
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:33.307Z
---

## Grappling Fit #### Instructors: Jeff Cook
 Dave Wilson

 View All Classes ## Grappling Fit
 ## CLass Details #### Instructors: Jeff Cook
 Dave Wilson

 Grappling Fit is a program that provides high intensity workouts combined with the concept of “scramble & control” while using body weight exercises & a variety of equipment such as the Rogue Echo bike, slam balls, kettlebells, & sand bags. There is a strong emphasis placed on stamina, core, and flexibility. You don’t have to be a grappler to be grappling fit.
 ‍
 M1BJJ’s Grappling Fit Pricing Members receive free group fitness & $25 per person for semi-private.
 Family member trains Jiu Jitsu but you do not: $25 a month per person to train group fitness.
 $50 per person for semi-private.
 ‍
 No Jiu Jitsu/ No family member: $100 a month of unlimited group fitness & $75 per person for semi-private. (Semi-Private is 1 to 2 people)
 (Pricing does not include the mandatory sales tax)
 (Fitness classes last 45 minutes to 1 hour)
 (All payments are made via your credit card on file)
 ‍
 Sales tax is 2.2%

 View Class Schedule

 ### CLASSES FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITIES Start your Journey

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu STRIKING CQB Kids CLASSES Womens Only PERSONAL TRAINING
 SCHEDULES Training & Events ABOUT
 CONTACT

 M1 Combat Academy | Designed by Krys Newman
