---
source_url: https://m1bjj.com
final_url: https://www.m1bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:34.154Z
---

# World Class Training All Under one Roof The M1 Combat Academy specializes in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Close Quarters Battle (CQB) and Personal Fitness. Elevate your self-defense by learning from Veteran Green Berets and Swat Team members.

 Located in Surprise, Arizona.
 Start Today Contact Us

 ## New See all of our Upcoming Self Defense Training Events and Seminars
 View all Training Courses & Events

 ## Start your Self-dEFense Journey Today Learn from the best, train how you fight
 View Classes

 ## Building a Community One Roll at a Time
 M1 Combat Academy prides itself not only on the level of instruction, but the dedication and character of it's students. For many of us, this is a second home to make new friends and be a part of something bigger than ourselves.

 ## The m1 difference Jeff and the M1BJJ Crew have given me and my whole family the tools and confidence to defend ourselves and those we love. We couldn't ask for a better community!

 ‍
 ### Adam G Blue Belt

 Training with M1BJJ has taken my Jiu Jitsu to a whole new level and has been intrumental in my 70lb weight loss in the last 10 months!

 ### James K Purple Belt

 If anyone in the Surprise, AZ area and looking for great one on one instruction with workouts tailored to your goals... Dave Wilson is the guy to train with. From playing college football to my time in the military, I have to say these workouts are some of the best I have done.

 ### Ryan US Army

 See more reviews on Google

 ## Test yourself At the highest levels
 M1 Combat Academy has many active competitors and even a competition class for preparation. Testing your abilities and skills in competition is a great way to meet new people and showcase what you're learning.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu STRIKING CQB Kids CLASSES Womens Only PERSONAL TRAINING
 SCHEDULES Training & Events ABOUT
 CONTACT

 M1 Combat Academy | Designed by Krys Newman
