---
source_url: https://floodcityjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://floodcityjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:56.843Z
---

# Flood City Jiu-Jitsu Flood City Jiu-Jitsu is the only Jiu-Jitsu gym in Johnstown PA.

 We have a qualified and experienced coaching staff that can help you meet your needs from beginner to advanced.

 We are currently welcoming new/ transfer members.

 Class Schedule

 #### Experienced Instructors Learn from the Best Instructors

 #### Get in Shape Feel Good All The Time.

 #### Build Confidence Confidence Is Key

 #### Championship Mindset Discover your Fullest Potential

 ## The ONLY Jiu-Jitsu gym in Johnstown, PA! FAMILY RESPECT LOYALTY DISCIPLINE ATTITUDE HONOR
 Flood City Jiu-Jitsu is your choice to learn traditional martial arts and self-defense.
 We offer Gi and No-Gi classes in a fun, safe and friendly environment for the entire family.

 OUR SCHEDULE

 ## Train to Win

 ## Join Us Today! We believe in building character , connecting with community , and learning to cultivate a better self through the practice of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We have 2 locations to better serve you! Johnstown and Altoona!

 Click Here to Contact Us!

 Flood City Jiu-Jitsu is the only Jiu-Jitsu gym in Johnstown PA. We have a qualified and experienced coaching staff that can help you meet your needs from beginner to advanced. We are currently welcoming new/transfer members.

 Flood City Jiu-Jitsu
 Greater Johnstown Career and Technology Center
 445 Schoolhouse Road
 Johnstown, PA 15904
 John Miller
 Email: Johnnymma23@yahoo.com
 Phone: (814) 322-5860
 ​

 Railroad City Jiu-Jitsu specializes in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Wrestling, and Submission Grappling. We are currently welcoming new/transfer members.

 Railroad City Jiu-Jitsu
 1410 11th Avenue
 Altoona Pa 1660
 Cameron Kyle
 Email: cameronjkyle17@gmail.com
 Phone: (814) 496-5697

 Railroad City Jiu-Jitsu
 The Underground
 2800 8th Avenue
 Altoona Pa 16602
 Cameron Kyle
 Email: cameronjkyle17@gmail.com
 Phone: (814) 496-5697

 Proud Affiliate of American Top Team Happy Valley

 ### FLOOD CITY JIU-JITSU SOCIAL

 - Follow - Follow
 ### RAILROAD CITY JIU-JITSU SOCIAL

 - Follow
