---
source_url: https://frequencyjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://frequencyjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:54.163Z
---

Skip to content # Jiu Jitsu Classes for all ages in fort worth

 #### Transform yourself

 ## LEVEL UP YOUR TRAINING – MASTER JIU-JITSU TODAY

 Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just a workout—it’s a lifestyle. Whether you’re a beginner looking to build confidence or a competitor striving for gold, our expert-led classes will help you sharpen your technique, improve endurance, and develop a champion’s mindset.
 Step onto the mat and start your journey today!

 #### What We Offer

 ## OUR CLASSES

 ## Junior Jiu Jitsu (4-12) Our Junior Jiu Jitsu classes (ages 4-12) offer a fun and engaging way for young students to learn self-defense, discipline, and respect. These are the perfect classes for all kids!

 ## Teens Jiu Jitsu Unlock your inner strength and discipline with our Teens Jiu Jitsu classes. Develop self-defense skills, build confidence, and cultivate a strong mind-body connection in a supportive, inclusive environment.

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu (13+) Unlock your inner strength and grappling prowess with our Adult Jiu Jitsu (13+) classes. Discover the art of ground fighting, build confidence, and cultivate discipline in a supportive environment.

 #### Our Clients Believe in Us

 “Truly skilled instructors and passionate students. Kyle is very technically minded and is great at finding new ways to teach each individual, and Rashad is a wealth of knowledge with an infectious attitude and love for martial arts. An awesome BJJ family to be a part of!"

 Ben Vasquez

 “A great place to learn advanced Jiu jitsu! ?"

 Nick Ewing

 “My 4 year old boy attends youth classes with Mr.Rashad. He is a great balance of patient but stern with my very hyper son. My son has learned lots, loves going, and talks about it at home all the time. I’m happy we found this place!"

 Diana Tunin

 ## Free Your Body

 #### let’s get physical

 Join Us Today

 #### Crazy Summer Sale!

 ## free

 ### 1 intro trial week
