---
source_url: https://frequencyjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://frequencyjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:55.453Z
---

Skip to content # Best Jiu Jitsu Studio in Forth Worth

 Our Classes

 ### Flexible classes Classes most days of the week

 ### Experienced Instructors The right trainer for you

 ### inspiring classes The right trainer for you

 #### What We Offer

 ## OUR CLASSES

 Junior Jiu Jitsu (4-12)

 Teens Jiu Jitsu

 Adult Jiu Jitsu (13+)

 Book a class

 #### state-of-the-art training

 ## jiu jitsu benefits

 ### Mobility & Flexibility Jiu-Jitsu enhances joint mobility and flexibility, reducing the risk of injuries while improving overall movement coordination.

 ### Cardiovascular Health The intense physical activity in Jiu-Jitsu improves cardiovascular endurance, helping regulate blood pressure and promoting a healthy heart.

 ### Strength & Conditioning Through constant grappling and resistance training, Jiu-Jitsu builds core strength, muscular endurance, and overall body resilience.

 About Us

 #### full body workouts that leave you energized

 ## go beyond your limits

 #### Our Clients Believe in Us

 “Truly skilled instructors and passionate students. Kyle is very technically minded and is great at finding new ways to teach each individual, and Rashad is a wealth of knowledge with an infectious attitude and love for martial arts. An awesome BJJ family to be a part of!"

 Ben Vasquez

 “A great place to learn advanced Jiu jitsu! ?"

 Nick Ewing

 “My 4 year old boy attends youth classes with Mr.Rashad. He is a great balance of patient but stern with my very hyper son. My son has learned lots, loves going, and talks about it at home all the time. I’m happy we found this place!"

 Diana Tunin

 #### Train With Experts

 ## MEET THE TRAINERS

 ## Kyle Owner & Lead Instructor

 ## Tina Yoga & Junior Jiu-Jitsu Instructor

 ## Isaiah Junior Jiu-Jitsu Co-Instructor

 #### Crazy Summer Sale!

 ## free

 ### 1 intro trial week
