---
source_url: http://insidebjjacademy.com
final_url: https://10thplanetstockton.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:36.870Z
---

# STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET

 Train with double black belt Tim Freeman and learn Eddie Bravo’s world-famous 10th Planet No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu for all levels.

 try a free class

 209-975-7279

 # STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET STOCKTON NO-GI JIU-JITSU, SELF-DEFENSE & BEGINNER CLASSES - 10TH PLANET

 Train with double black belt Tim Freeman and learn Eddie Bravo’s world-famous 10th Planet No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu for all levels.

 try a free class

 209-975-7279

 ## TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## SCHEDULE

 ## PROGRAMS ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu ### Women's Jiu-Jitsu ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu
 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu revolves around the concept of training without the use of the Kimono. Our belief is that this will bring our students a more realistic view of fighting and actual overall practicality of self-defense scenarios. Because we believe that you do not need the use of the Gi/Kimono to fully experience the essence of Jiu-Jitsu, our philosophy branches off from the traditional and focuses on modern techniques that will mold you into a true martial artist.

 ### Kid's Jiu-Jitsu ### Women's Jiu-Jitsu ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu
 The 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu kids class curriculum is based on giving your kids the ability to walk around school with confidence, while gifting them the attributes of self-discipline, patience, and wellness. We focus on anti-bullying techniques and strive to prepare our youth to become leaders and productive members of their community. Jiu-Jitsu for kids include many benefits such as increasing flexibility, muscle endurance, and development of problem-solving skills. Learning Jiu-Jitsu promotes self-discipline while simultaneously increasing the use of problem solving skills and brain function.

 ### Women's Jiu-Jitsu ### Women's Jiu-Jitsu ### Women's Jiu-Jitsu
 Through the practice of Jiu-Jitsu, you'll not only develop self-defense skills but also nurture a profound sense of self-esteem and confidence in an environment built on support and safety.
 In our classes, you'll seize the opportunity to enhance your coordination, refine your movements, and elevate your agility, all while relishing a deeply rewarding experience.

 ## LOCATION

 #### 10th Planet Stockton 3422 W Hammer Ln, Stockton, California 95219, United States
 209-975-7279

 Get directions

 ## FAQ Please reach us if you cannot find an answer to your question.

 Do I need experience to try Jiu-Jitsu? 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu welcomes students of all experience levels, from complete beginners to seasoned experts.

 What should I wear? Shorts (no zipper/pockets) and t-shirt or any compression gear and flip-flops.

 What Should I expect? Jiu-Jitsu is very rewarding, you should expect to get tired, sweaty all while having a great time and learning to defend yourself.

 Where should I park? There is plenty of Free parking surrounding our gym.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
