---
source_url: http://www.escondidojiujitsu.com/classes-escondido-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://escondidojiujitsu.com/classes-escondido-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:54.960Z
---

# Our Classes We offer a positive, yet hard working environment for kids and adults to learn Jiu Jitsu in Escondido, CA

 Try A Free Class
 Try A Free Class

 ## Classes If you want to learn Jiu Jitsu, no gi grappling, or wrestling, we have the classes for you!

 Sign Up for a Class
 Sign Up for a Class

 ### Jiu Jitsu

 Jiu Jitsu is a martial art that is designed to apply leverage and momentum through a system of techniques, that can allow a smaller or weaker practitioner to defeat a larger opponent. It is an art form that consists primarily of grappling techniques, and aims to bring an opponent to the ground, and subdue or submit them, while taking as little damage as possible.

 Learn More

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu

 The goal of our youth Jiu Jitsu program is to teach your children to defend themselves, all while helping to keep them healthy, happy, and having fun!

 Learn More

 ### No-Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Traditionally, Jiu Jitsu is practiced in a gi, or kimono. However, the rise of MMA and no-gi competitions have given more and more popularity to practicing jiu jitsu without a gi on. We find that both styles are enjoyable and equally applicable in self defense and competition scenarios, so we practice both!

 Learn More

 ### Wrestling

 Wrestling is possibly the oldest sport in the world! Practiced by the ancient Greeks, its modern form is practiced in schools and international competitions all over the world. Defined in general terms, it is the art of bring your opponent to the ground, and controlling them.

 Learn More
