---
source_url: http://www.escondidojiujitsu.com
final_url: https://escondidojiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:55.759Z
---

# jiu jitsu classes in escondido, CA

 #### classes for kids and adults of any experience level!

 schedule a Free Class
 schedule a Free Class

 (760) 705-6057
 (760) 705-6057

 # the highest rated jiu jitsu school in Escondido, CA #### prism jiu jitsu

 At Prism Jiu-Jitsu our goal is to help you reach yours! We offer professional instruction for kids and adults of all experience levels and are proud to be the highest reviewed Jiu Jitsu school in Escondido, CA.
 For Adults: Our Classes will challenge you but meet you where you are. Beginners will receive a smooth transition into the art of Jiu Jitsu by helpful and patient instructors, and advanced students will learn to maximize their Jiu Jitsu skills through cutting edge techniques and training strategies. Whatever your goal is in Jiu Jitsu, you will receive personalized instruction to help you reach it. If you want to learn self-defense, compete in the sport of Jiu Jitsu, or get in great physical shape, we have got you covered!
 For Kids: Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes are designed to be fun, but structured. Kids will start in our Level One group, and learn the basics, as well as gain the coordination, focus, and discipline required to continue in the sport. They will learn the skills needed to defend themselves, as well as understand the appropriate times to use their self-defense ability. As they become more advanced, we also offer kids competition classes, for those that want to compete!
 Try a Jiu Jitsu class for kids or adults today!

 #### join a friendly and encouraging community Adult Jiu Jitsu classes are beginner friendly. Our team is welcoming and helpful to Jiu Jitsu players of all experience levels!

 #### building focus and discipline in kids Our kids Jiu Jitsu classes our designed to meet kids where they are, and help them grow step by step, in focused and disciplined martial artists.

 #### stay on the cutting edge of jiu jitsu Jiu Jitsu is an ever changing and evolving art, keep up with the latest and greatest, as our team is consistently adapting and innovating!

 #### KEEP YOUR KIDS ACTIVE AND HEALTHY Jiu Jitsu is an awesome workout. These kids will be getting sweaty and staying active in class!

 #### Dozens of 5-star reviews on google!

 “ The owner, Nick, does an exceptional job of creating a sense of community within this space, regardless of if you have previous Jiu Jitsu experience. ” — Taylor S. | Escondido,CA

 “ So many friendly people and I learn something new every time I come in. I started with zero experience but after the free trial I was hooked. ” — Hannah L. | Valley Center, CA

 “ Changed my opinion on Jiu Jitsu entirely. Lovely staff and extremely helpful in guiding you to reach your jiu jitsu goals. ” — Gabriel M. | Escondido, CA

 click to see our glowing google reviews!
 click to see our glowing google reviews!

 - classes for all ages and experience levels - class time options that will fit most schedules - clean & friendly training environment - competitive classes for advanced students - affordable membership pricing - structured and fun classes to help kids develop strength, confidence, and discipline

 ## Classes

 ### Jiu Jitsu

 ### Kids’ Jiu Jitsu

 ### No-Gi Jiu Jitsu

 ### Wrestling

 See All Classes
 See All Classes

 About Our School
 At Prism Jiu Jitsu, our goal is to help you reach yours. Whether you want to be a world champion, learn to defend yourself, or get in shape, we’re behind you! We are the best Jiu Jitsu school for adults and kids in Escondido, CA

 Prism Jiu Jitsu is the number one spot to take Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Escondido, CA . We have Jiu Jitsu classes for kids from ages 4 and up, as well as classes for adults . We’ll teach you to defend yourself, help you get in shape, and if it is your goal to compete in Jiu Jitsu we have the best up and coming competition team around! If you’ve ever wanted to learn the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, don’t wait! Schedule a free trial class and come try out a class for free. Click HERE to schedule!

 ## FAQs

 - Are classes beginner friendly? All classes that you see listed on our schedule are beginner friendly! We teach curriculum for beginners and advanced students, but typically break into a beginner and advanced group so that everyone is learning the technique that benefits them the most! - What do I need to begin? All you need is clothes that you feel comfortable exercising in, and a water bottle and you’ll be good to go! If your goal is to continue training after your trial class, you will need to bring a method of payment. - What ages do kids start? We take students as young as 4 years old! - Do i have to commit to a contract? We do offer discounts for contract memberships, but they are not required. If you want to just check things out for a month or two, we have great options for you.

 ## schedule your free trial class Begin your Jiu Jitsu journey now.

 ## Visit Us 205 W Mission Ave, Suite S, Escondido, Ca
 Hours
 Mon, Wed, Fri: 6:30 AM - 7:30 PM
 Tue, Thur: 3:45 PM - 7:30 PM Sat: 9:30 AM - 12:00 PM
 Phone
 (760) 705-6057
