---
source_url: http://colhadobrazilianjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://colhadobrazilianjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:28.917Z
---

Join Us

 # begin your

 # journey

 # Self-Development through

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Start your journey

 ## What make us Unique

 What make us Unique

 We are a family owned and operated gym located in the West Portal neighborhood of San Francisco. We pride ourselves in developing each student’s jiu-jitsu as uniquely and individually as they are, no two people are the same. Whether you are a beginner, just trying to exercise more or experienced martial artist and competitor, we hope to see you soon.

 Meet us

 ## Meet our instructors

 Meet our instructors

 # Matheus Colhado

 3rd Degree Black Belt | Originally from Brazil, he received his black belt from Rodrigo Feijão of Nova...

 # Kevin Smith

 1st Degree Black Belt | After doing various martial arts throughout my life (Kung fu, Karate, Sumo), I...

 # Jino Kang

 2nd Degree Black Belt | Since I was already a black belt in many stand up martial arts...

 # Jackson Chin

 Black Belt | Since I was a kid, I’ve always been enamored with martial arts and loved to...

 # Jeff Brand

 Black Belt | I got into BJJ because I’ve always loved martial arts since I was a child,...

 # Eric Lee

 Black Belt | Initially I started BJJ to learn self defense but I’ve always had an interest in...

 ## our Classes

 our Classes

 ### Kids Class

 Monday & Wednesday: 5pm – 6pm
 Tuesday & Thursday: 4:15pm – 5pm | 5 – 6pm
 Saturday No GI: 10am – 11am

 We welcome kids as young as four to start training.

 Jiu-Jitsu is a fantastic way to develop coordination, build confidence, grow respect, and have fun.

 Join

 Read more

 ### Beginners Class

 Tuesday & Thursday: 7:30 – 8:30pm

 Our beginner’s class is recommended for those who have little to none experience with BJJ as a perfect introduction to the sport. All are welcome, including higher belts or those who just want to go back to brush up on basics. All belt levels welcome.

 Join

 ### private lessons

 Private lessons are a fantastic way to accelerate your skills, problem solve difficult positions in your game, and fine tune techniques

 Join

 See all classes

 ## contact us

 contact us

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Optional Message
 Send

 ## Subscribe to our newsletter

 Sign up to get access to exclusive content

 Full name
 Email
 Send

 ## FAQ

 FAQ

 What should I wear my first class?
 Feel free to wear any workout style clothing you have without any zippers or sharp parts that will poke anyone. Since Jiu-jitsu is a close contact sport we need to be extra conscientious of our partners.

 No Jewelry and keep fingernails short
 Please make sure you don’t wear any jewelry when you practice and you keep both fingernails and toenails trimmed short.

 Do I have to only attend the Beginner's Class?
 Even though we offer Beginner’s Classes, they are not mandatory. We recommend starting with a Beginner’s Class if you have no prior grappling/wrestling experience, but we understand that everyone’s schedule is different. Feel free to attend any class that best fits your schedule.

 Do I have to do anything before my first class?
 Please fill out the form on the home page to let us know which class you’ll be attending. Arrive 5 to 10 minutes before class starts to fill out a quick waiver form. Once that form is complete your free trial begins.

 I am visiting from out of town, can I drop-in for a day?
 Absolutely! Drop in rates are $40 for one day. If you’d like to train for multiple days, email us or speak with us in person and we can work out a special rate.

 Are Colhado gi's required?
 For your trial period you are welcome to wear another gi if you have one, or if you are visiting from out of town. Once you enroll as a gym member we require students to where school branded uniform. Colhado offers fully customizable gi’s if you have a special design in mind.
