---
source_url: http://www.eastcoastmartialarts.com/
final_url: https://eastcoastmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:19.821Z
---

# Begin Your Journey Today with East Coast Martial Arts Empower yourself and your children by giving a gift that will last a lifetime”. It’s never to late to start and it’s also never been easier to begin your personal journey training in the martial arts. Simply enter your information to sign up for a FREE Trial Program. We are accepting new students for group and private instruction. Try our Free Trial Program before class spots fill up.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 FREE TRIAL PROGRAM
 SEE MORE DETAILS
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Don't wait, our class sizes are limited.
 *Free Trial Programs are for new Members Only
 ** Existing ECMA Members please do not complete. Scroll up and visit our Members Section
 This Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center is independently owned and operated. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu®, Gracie Combatives®, Gracie Bullyproof®, Women Empowered®, and Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center®, are registered trademarks used under license from Gracie University.

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Gracie Bullyproof Kid’s Martial Arts Teen’s Martial Arts Adult Martial Arts Gracie JiuJitsu® Self Defense Programs Birthday Parties Summer Camp Afterschool Program! - Location Select Location Edgewater, MD Annapolis, MD - Preferred Contact Method* Preferred Method of Contact Email Text Phone

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for East Coast Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## WELCOME TO East Coast Martial Arts We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At East Coast Martial Arts, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Kid’s Martial Arts
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen’s Martial Arts
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Adult Martial Arts
 Martial arts classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 Birthday Parties
 Try something new this year with a martial arts-themed birthday party in a real martial arts school!
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Our martial arts summer camp provides fun and learning for kids of all ages.
 View Program

 Gracie JiuJitsu® Self Defense Programs
 Whether it's bully prevention for children or self-defense & empowerment for women, our self-defense classes will teach you to stay safe in any situation.
 View Program

 Gracie Bullyproof
 View Program

 ##### WHY CHOOSE US? #####
 ## BENEFITS OF East Coast Martial Arts
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 The Chestnut Family Thank you all so much for all of the hard work and time you have been spending on keeping our TKD students training during this challenging time. The lessons and workouts have been exceptional, almost like being in regular class. The support and training you are giving the students to be able to continue training is phenomenal. You can feel the passion and care from all the instructors as they want to see our kids succeed in their training. We all look forward to the online classes and know that they are organized and well put together. Also, thanks for the great communication outreach during this time with the zoom meetings and emails. The updates always let us know what is happening at ECMA. We also truly appreciate the "extra" classes you are providing for extra training like the Black Belt candidate classes on Saturdays. The ECMA Crew is amazing and we hope you all continue to be safe. Thank you so much for all that you do!

 Lisa Engelke My son began training at ECMA about two years ago. Master Tommy took care in evaluating and placing him at the appropriate level engendering a seamless transition. The experienced instructors are engaging and dedicated to helping each child develop and grow. In addition, Master Tommy is readily available and frequently steps in to work with a group or offer a student one-on-one instruction on a challenging skill. During this unpredictable and challenging time of the Coronovirus, knowing that my son has Taekwondo still available to him, has been a gift. Being able to virtually attend his weekly classes allows him to continue working on his body and mind which is especially important during these trying times. Master Tommy focuses on developing the 'whole' student. Through his Life Lessons Blog, he is instilling useful knowledge and principles in his students. Master Tommy, Thank you for all your hard work!

 Grace Lee Hi, I am 11 years old. I started martial arts when I was 4 years old. I love coming to class, training with my friends, meeting new people, and being on the AAU Competition Team. Oh yeah, did I say I love training with my friends :-)? I have met so many awesome people while taking martial arts. I don't know what I would do without it.

 Jason Hinton The facilities in Annapolis are great, including regularly cleaned bathrooms, the two training floors are divided into three areas that allow us to have three different classes going on at the same time. In addition, there is a great seating area for spectators to watch.
 If you are looking for a school to start or continue training in martial arts, come check out ECMA! You will not be disappointed!

 Erin Drage Pittman I have two boys who have been going to ECMA-Edgewater since December. It is the ONLY sport they have ever asked to do and they LOVE it. They ask pretty much every day when the next "Karate Day" is and they are very motivated to do well. The teachers are firm but kind and work well with young kids.

 Jennifer Mirabal Calabro My son has been taking classes here for almost 6 months and he loves it. He's learning great skills and having a fun time while he does. The instructors are great with the kids and have a ton of patience. We highly recommend East Coast Martial Arts!

 Ralph McLean Great learning environment, and great people. Whether you want to learn Taekwondo or Jiu Jitsu, the staff is very knowledgeable and well trained. I highly recommend this business.

 Meredith McQuoid-Greason As one of the top schools in the country (and maybe THE best), they don't just hand out black belts. Students really have to work very, very hard for them. There are many rungs on the ladder toward black belt, but the instructors are so positive and motivating and encouraging every step of the way. For kids they strive to make the classes fun. For adult students, they are particularly good at acknowledging your limitations, working with you on on them, and helping you learn how to get around and even overcome them. In our late 40s, my husband and I joined a few months after our young daughter started--it was a great way to get our exercise together as a family. Although our daughter eventually decided to stop, my husband continued and earned his black belt after 5 years. I took a year off training as an advanced belt (red senior) for a health issue but then came back motivated to review all the skills and recondition my body for another 18 months to finally earn my own black belt. Such a great feeling of accomplishment, especially as now I'm 53!

 Angela Reel Couldn't ask for a more enthusiastic and motivational instructor. You'll always get a great workout in a great space without am inferiority complex. Everyone is pushed at their own level to achieve their goals. Love the affordability and always different workouts.

 Get fit while learning martial arts
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult Martial Arts Program

 FREE VIRTUAL ONLINE PROGRAM
 ## SEE MORE DETAILS
 Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training! We offer Martial Arts and Fitness Training for Children, Teens & Adult Self Defense. Our Bullyproofing, Stranger Danger and Character “Life Lesson” Training for Kids will be launching “ONLINE” April
 GET STARTED TODAY
