---
source_url: https://www.somosbjj.com
final_url: https://www.somosbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:06.486Z
---

Empower Your Future with
 SOMOS B razilian JIU-JITSU

 Join a Thriving Community to Learn the Beautiful Art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Empower Your Future

 BOOK A CLASS

 #### 240-810-4368

 Call Us!

 #### Info@somosbjj.com

 Write us a email!

 Welcome to SOMOS

 Join Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Community

 At Somos Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we are fueled by a deep passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and a commitment to sharing its life-changing benefits with the world. Whether you're stepping onto the mat for the first time or you're a seasoned practitioner, we’re here to guide, support, and inspire you every step of the way.
 Our mission goes beyond teaching techniques; it’s about creating a fun, encouraging community where every member feels empowered to grow, challenge themselves, and succeed. We believe Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone, and we strive to make every class an opportunity for learning, personal growth, and connection.
 Join us and experience a place where dedication meets camaraderie, and passion fuels progress. Together, we’ll create a space where you can thrive – both on and off the mat. Let’s make this journey unforgettable!

 BOOK A CLASS

 Our Services

 #### Self-Defense Training

 Empower yourself with effective self-defense training, mastering skills to protect yourself and others.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 Refine your techniques and skills in progressive jiu-jitsu classes, led by experienced and dedicated instructors.

 Community Events

 Join our vibrant community events, celebrating unity, friendship, and the spirit of martial arts.

 Our Programs

 #### Kids’ Classes

 Nurture your child's confidence and discipline with engaging and educational kids’ classes, fostering a love for jiu-jitsu.

 Personalized Coaching

 Experience growth with personalized coaching, receiving tailored guidance to achieve your individual martial arts goals.

 Adult classes

 Our adult Jiu-Jitsu classes are designed for individuals of all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Whether you’re looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense, or compete at the highest level, our classes are tailored to meet your goals.

 FINEST PEOPLE

 Meet our Coaches

 Christian "Chupacabra" Martinez

 At Somos jiu jitsu we are passionate about sharing the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. With a deep love for teaching, we want to create an inspiring environment where every student feels supported and motivated to grow, no matter their skill level. our enthusiasm for Jiu-Jitsu drives every class, making learning both fun and rewarding..

 Braden Martinez

 ## Ready to Get on the Mat? Join Us Today!

 At SOMOS, we're passionate about helping you unlock your potential on the mat and beyond. Whether you're looking to compete, get in shape, or simply learn something new, we’re here to guide you every step of the way.
 Sign up today and experience the power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu – a community that supports, challenges, and celebrates each other.
 Come for the challenge. Stay for the growth.
 Join us now and let’s start this journey together!

 #### Address

 1343 Lamberton Dr, Silver Spring

 #### Email

 Info @somosbjj.com

 BOOK A CLASS
