---
source_url: http://canbyjiujitsu.com/membership-pricing
final_url: https://www.canbyjiujitsu.com/membership-pricing
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:13.258Z
---

## MEMBERSHIP PRICING

 ### Adults & Families Unlimited access to all classes & open mats, customized training plans, autopay month to month, cancel anytime*
 - 1st Adult (17+) $149 2nd family member (any age) $1193rd family member (any age) $99Families with 4+ members additional $49/month each

 ### Big Kid & Teens Only (7-16*) Designed for 7-16, younger student may test into class and some other teens may test into adults. Allows unlimted classes to Big Kids & Teens Classes, open mats (with adult supervision), customized training plans, autopay month to month, cancel anytime. *
 - 1st Big Kid or Teen (7-16) $129 2nd junior member (7-16) $1193rd junior member (7-16) $99

 Register now
 Register now

 ### Littles & Young Beginners Only (5-7*) Designed for 5-6, with some emerging 7 year olds considered. Allows access to Littles Classes & open mats (with adult family member on the mat) autopay month to month, cancel anytime *
 - 1st Little & young beginner (5-7) $119 2nd little member (5-7) $1093rd little member (5-7) $99

 ### NEW Women’s only Gi class (16+) Designed for Women at any experience level. This membership is exclusively for the Women’s only class on Fridays at 4pm (date and time subject to change), open mats, customized training plans, autopay month to month, cancel anytime. *
 - Women’s only (16+) $85Separate from family memberships unless 3 or more family members are enrolled. Drop in rates or change in membership is required to attend additional classes.

 #### Ask about our drop-in rates, cross training policy, junior and adult scholarships, and volunteering discount opportunities! *Must be on autopay with one payment account. Family discounts for nuclear family only, couples & dependent children. Membership rates will not increase as long as autopay isn’t cancelled. Please allow 5 business days to stop autopay after notice.

 ## GIVE TODAY We’re raising funds for renovations , new uniforms & equipment , and creating a scholarship fund to help kids in need access Jiu Jitsu classes.
 We believe every child deserves the chance to learn confidence, discipline, and community values, regardless of financial circumstances. Please consider donating today!

 DONATE TO CANBY JIU JITSU
 DONATE TO CANBY JIU JITSU
