---
source_url: http://www.themushinacademy.com
final_url: https://themushinacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:41.416Z
---

### Health.Fitness.Development # Mushin Academy Of Martial Arts

 Get Started Today

 ## Try a Free Gym pass
 Get Your Pass

 ## $0.00 ### NO Initiation Fee

 ## Featured Programs The Mushin Academy, in Battle Creek Michigan, is a traditional martial arts dojo featuring authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai Kickboxing, Judo, Yoga and More!

 All Programs

 ### Muay Thai Kickboxing Burn calories and get that “fighter’s physique”, while learning tried and true striking methods that are ring tested and battle proven. Learn to punch, kick, knee and elbow in a safe and cooperative environment that will challenge and push you to new levels of fitness and health. Bag drills, pad drills, and partner training will all be covered in our workouts!

 ### Brazillian Jiu Jitsu When it comes to self-defense and fighting, nobody can deny BJJ’s effectiveness. Proven in the Cage and Street for decades, authentic BJJ skills are key in learning effective submissions and escapes using leverage, position, and posture. It is truly one of the rare arts that can allow a smaller person to deal effectively with larger opponents.

 ### Judo, Yoga, Youth Classes & More We also hold weekly Judo classes, Yoga classes, and kids/youth classes. Judo with its focus on throws, sweeps, and falls is a great compliment to both the Muay Thai and BJJ curriculum. Yoga, is great for strengthening, stretching and creating a health mind, body, and spirit. And back by popular demand is our Kids/Youth Classes. The martial arts is a great way for kids to learn discipline, stress relief, and get fitness.

 Join Now

 Work

 ### Health.Deelopment.Defense ## Mushin Academy of Martial Arts

 Name
 Email Address
 Message
 13 + 6 =

 submit

 ### ### Gym H0urs Monday-
 Morning BJJ 6:45 am - 8:15 am
 Kids Class 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm
 BJJ 6:30pm - 8:30pm
 Tuesday -
 Open Gym 6:30pm - 7:30pm
 Muay Thai 7:30pm - 9:00pm
 Wednesday -
 Morning BJJ 6:45 am - 8:15 am
 Kids Class 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm
 BJJ 6:30pm - 8:30pm
 Thursday -
 Open Gym 6:30pm - 7:30pm
 Muay Thai 7:30pm - 9:00pm
 Friday -
 Morning BJJ 6:45 am - 8:15 am
 Judo 5:30pm - 7:30pm
 Saturday -
 Closed
 Sunday
 BJJ Open Mat Roll 9:30am - 11:00am
 Muay Thai/MMA Rounds 11:00am - 1:00pm

 ### Free Gym pass
 Get Started
