---
source_url: http://www.tntcolumbia.com/
final_url: https://tntcolumbia.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:54.369Z
---

# REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU AND MMA CLASSES IN COLUMBIA SC! Get started today!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET A FREE CLASS!

 GET A FREE CLASS!
 Get started today!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 10 – 14) Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 7 – 9) Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 4 – 6) Kids Martial Arts Kickboxing MMA Summer Camp -

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Kickboxing
 Are you tired of the same cardio workouts? Come see results and have some FUN.
 View Program

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with BJJ!
 View Program

 Kids Martial Arts
 Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is an age-specific martial arts program that focuses on helping your child reach their full potential.
 View Program

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Amanda Driggers TNT is an amazing place!!! My son just started martial arts here about a month ago and has already learned so much! They truly take their time in teaching each and every child what they need to know! The instructors are amazing with the kids you can tell they really love what they do! The owners are also involved in everything and are amazing people. They have really made a great company! I am so blessed to be apart of this growing company! I can’t wait to see how far my baby goes with these amazing people!!!

 Liz MT This place is awesome! Great family atmosphere and awesome workout. Keeps me coming back week after week and makes working out fun.

 Anita Boal West Love TNT. My daughter started when she was 4 and I have seen her confidence and strength increase from karate at TNT Martial Arts and Fitness. Thanks TNT!

 Faith Lirosi We love TNT!! They are amazing with kid’s karate classes and make sure that all children are equally involved and they take the time to make sure they all understand. Their kickboxing class really kicks butt and gives you the best workout ever!! Thank you Tim and Tamayah and all of your amazing staff for all you do!! ❤️

 Kensey Barrett The instructors, trainers, class, and atmosphere are all amazing. They make it fun for beginners and those with more experience. I love every class I got to, even when I don’t feel like going.

 Krystal Powers My son is learning so much he absolutely loves going every time! I am seeing some improvements with his behavior and he no longer worries about bullying (he’s always the youngest kid in his class so usually the smallest) he loves the people and they have been super supportive for the both of us!
 Update: Aidyn has been going for a little over a month now and his behavior is like night and day being a single mom is hard and this has made it a lot easier for me and him he has to keep up with his uniform and keep it clean his class is extremely important to him each time he goes he comes home so proud of what he’s learned we are going to enroll him in the competition team starting next month and I can’t wait to see what he learns tnt has helped him more than I can express definitely worth it

 Sutania Fuller TNT truly gave me results I wanted to reach. After three months of joining the TNT family, I dropped 20lbs, down a pants size, and down two dress sizes. TNT is more than just kickboxing, it is a family. We get to workout hard, sweat a lot, and joke around with each other just like family. TNT has allowed me to improve my confidence, core, strength, and overall health and fitness. I would recommend TNT to anyone!!!

 Suzanne Henson Sanders I’ve been taking kickboxing classes at TNT for a year, and I’ve celebrated many non-scale victories since joining: increased stamina & strength; losing inches; feeling better overall; renewed self-confidence; finding new friends and a “family” of sorts 3 nights a week; and the best stress relieving workout EVER!
 I cannot say enough awesome things about TNT Martial Arts & Fitness and the difference it has made in my life. The folks there (owners, staff, and partners in kickboxing crime) make me want to do better and try harder at every workout.
 I would recommend TNT to anyone who wants to have a challenging workout!!

 Jasmin Bynoe Going to TNT has been more than awesome. Without this amazing team I would have never started having and enjoying an active lifestyle or had a reason to. I’ve lost about fifty pounds in a year and I feel great. Your mental strength and confidence will definitely go up. Come on down to our MMA class! We don’t bite, everyone’s learning, and super supportive.

 Phillip Walker TNT is incredible! The coaches are fully dedicated to helping you reach your personal goals and making those goals possible!!! And man what a workout!!

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING SOMETHING NEW!
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Build confidence, knock out stress, and get in the best shape of your life! Kickboxing has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from professional coaches. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in Kickboxing classes today!
 VIEW OUR KICKBOXING PROGRAM

 DEVELOP THE SKILLS TO DEFEND YOURSELF AND HAVE FUN DOING IT!
 ## LEARN SELF DEFENSE AND REACH YOUR BODY’S FULL POTENTIAL Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and fighting technique that is designed to help people of any size defend themselves. It’s also a terrific way to tone and firm your body and reap the health benefits of martial arts. Get started with Columbia and Lexington’s best Jiu Jitsu program today.
 VIEW OUR BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU PROGRAM
