---
source_url: https://mundobjjacademy.com
final_url: https://mundobjjacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:15.253Z
---

# Unlock Your Potential, Submit Limits

 ## Discover the power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Join Mundo BJJ today.

 Book a class

 ### About Us

 ## At Mundo BJJ, we embody the ethos that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu transcends mere martial artistry; it is a profound way of life instilling virtues of discipline, humility, patience, and self-defense. Under the mentorship of our distinguished head coach, multi-time world champion Kris Patricio, we offer unparalleled BJJ instruction tailored to enhance your skills, whether you are a novice or a seasoned practitioner. Our paramount objective is to foster an environment where all academy attendees can learn and flourish within a secure, supportive, and enjoyable setting.

 ### Our Services

 Our classes suit all skill levels and interests. Whether you're a beginner looking to learn the basics or an experienced practitioner looking to refine your technique, we have a class for you. Join us and start your journey today.

 Adult All Levels

 ### Check out Our blog click Here

 The Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Kids Program at our academy provides a straightforward approach to BJJ, combining physical education and self-defense techniques. The program aims to enhance coordination, motor skills, agility, and flexibility. Children will develop foundational skills including positional control, situational awareness, and values such as respect and discipline. Martial arts have been demonstrated to instill values such as academic and athletic excellence, confidence, goal setting, discipline, leadership, and responsibility.

 Youth BJJ

 ### Here's what our members say

 ###### Contact Us

 Email address
 Submit

 aprendejj.enespanol@gmail.com

 ###### Socials

 ###### Get in Touch with us

 - +1 201 628-1947 - +1 929 578-0605
