---
source_url: https://amarillokarate.com/description-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://amarillokarate.com/description-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:35.011Z
---

### Amarillo Karate & Fitness

 ### 806-350-5425

 ### Amarillo Karate & Fitness

 ### Martial Arts for Kids and Adults in Amarillo, TX

 Facebook Youtube Instagram Twitter

 806-350-5425

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 ### Amarillo Karate & Fitness

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 ## Thanks for Requesting Information About Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program. See Our Web-Only Special Offer Below!

 # LEARN TO DEFEND YOURSELF WITH OUR BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAM IN THE Amarillo AREA!
 AMAZING results for Amarillo adults w ho want to shed pounds, tone muscles, and gain energy with a PROVEN system of self-defense that is safe, effective, and FUN!
 You won’t believe how great you’ll feel after your very first class at Amarillo Karate & Fitness. Read on to find out how!

 Our Limited Time,
 Web-Only Offer!

 ***Special Offer BJJ***

 Complete the form on this page to take advantage of our WEBSITE-ONLY Special Trial Offer. We’ll help you immediately feel stronger, more confident, and prepared .

 Register Now!

 ## LEARN PRACTICAL WAYS TO PROTECT YOURSELF
 Get Real Self-Defense techniques. There use to be a saying that “every fight goes to the ground”! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu will give skills to protect yourself whether standing or taken to the ground.
 Gain authentic grappling ability as well as the techniques to escape. Pick up a knack for using another person strength against them which is ideal for smaller people who want learn to defend themselves without needing a lot of strength.
 Develop the confidence that comes from being prepared to handle any kind of situation that may arise. Our training will give you “catlike” reflexes and the will power to face life challenges head on with great success.

 Register Now!

 ## YOU'LL GAIN LEAN, SOLID MUSCLE
 As we grow older, we naturally lose muscle mass and gain fat; it starts to happen in our early twenties and just goes downhill from there. The average adult is on a runaway train that starts with slower movement, builds to nagging discomfort, and eventually ends in a heart attack.
 The good news is that you can reverse the ravages of age with a consistent exercise program. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu will help you develop remarkable skills while increasing your STRENGTH, ENDURAAmarilloE, and FLEXIBILITY .
 Imagine feeling young again with all the strength and confidence you had at 18 . . . but with today’s wisdom!

 Register Now!

 ## BLOW OFF STEAM WHILE HAVING LOTS OF FUN
 Our classes are filled with smiling faces because the training is FUN. No matter how tough your day has been Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class will lift up your spirit and empower you.
 This is the perfect energizing martial art training for you to release plenty of your days stress and recharge your battery.
 You will make new friends and build great social skills because a lot of the practice is partner oriented. Everything is done with your safety and respect for each other in mind.
 You will feel great after every class.

 Register Now!

 ### Dear Friend, If you’re like me, you know that the current research says exercise not only helps us look and feel our best, it helps us stay a lot healthier, too.
 We all know that we SHOULD exercise, but the problem with most exercise programs is that they are just too boring! Running, or even walking, mile after mile or lifting the same weight 10–20–30 times just gets old fast . . . AND it usually hurts!
 Our lean and mean martial arts fitness program is totally different. Every movement has a purpose–a purpose that might one day save your life! Some of our students have actually been able to defend themselves from dangerous attacks, while most are grateful just knowing how to avoid trouble.
 Hi, my name is Grand Master Nelson Harvey .
 I’m very proud to say that HUNDREDS of adults in the Amarillo area have a BLAST in every class while learning awesome skills in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and watching the pounds melt away.
 – Grand Master Nelson Harvey
 Amarillo Karate & Fitness

 #### FAQ
 ##### Most frequently asked questions and answers
 How do the martial arts get you in shape?
 Our martial arts program covers every component of fitness. You will improve cardio, strength, agility, flexibility, and endurance through our martial arts classes.

 Why is martial arts better than other Weight loss Programs?
 Martial arts training impacts the whole person. A big part of weight loss is mental and emotional, which impacts motivation. The martial arts address these areas and help you build indomitable spirit and willpower to reach your goals.

 What kinds of activities will be used to improve Fitness?
 The activities in our martial arts classes include warm up and stretching exercises, a variety of drills, and plenty of aerobic and anaerobic training. We ensure a safe environment and take into account what true total fitness really includes, and the martial arts is the best way to attain it!

 Exercise Is usually repetitive. Will This Class Be Boring?
 Our high-energy instruction always keeps class interesting even when activities are repetitive in nature. You will always be inspired or motivated to perform well, so your interest will be at a high level throughout lessons.

 Can I come and try a class out to see if this is for me?
 Yes, you are more than welcome to come by for a trial class.
 You will be required to complete some minor paperwork before participating in any classes, so please be sure to come to the dojo at least 30 minutes prior to any class that you would like to attend.
 Entering the training area late or while a class is in session is highly disruptive, therefore, visitors that show up late will be asked to come back at another time. It is also recommended that you contact an instructor before your visit.

 How long are classes and does the program have an end?
 All of our martial arts fitness classes run from 50 to 60 minutes of activity from warm up to cool down. The length of time you remain in the program depends on you and your goals.
 When your goals change we have other kinds of programs that might capture your interest, so you can continue training indefinitely.

 #### Amarillo Karate & Fitness reviews
 Tanya Elenkiwich     
 Student
 "I HAVE TOTALLY BECOME STRESS-FREE..."
 “By training in the martial arts, I have totally become stress-free. I love it. My life is so much more enjoyable!”

 Mike Earl     
 Student
 "I HAVE LOST 12 POUNDS, GAINED GREAT CONFIDENCE!"
 “I love Martial Arts training! With the training I’ve got, I have lost 12 pounds, gained great confidence!”

 Jordan Robinson     
 Student
 LOST OVER 65 POUNDS...
 “Since I’ve started Martial Arts, I’ve lost over 65 pounds! On top of that, I’ve gained confidence.”

 Chris Nelson     
 Student
 "LOST 25 POUNDS..."
 “I know that practicing the martial arts has helped me! I’ve lost 25 pounds, learned to control my emotions and be happier.”

 ## LEARN TO DEFEND YOURSELF WITH OUR BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAM IN THE Amarillo AREA!

 Register Here for Our Web Special!

 ***Special Offer BJJ***

 [sc name="sales form"]

 ### LEARN ABOUT OUR OTHER PROGRAMS
 Kids' Martial Arts

More Info

 Teens Martial Arts

More Info

 Adult Martial Arts

More Info

 Family Martial Arts

More Info

 ### Amarillo Karate & Fitness Although many people think the martial arts are just about fighting, the truth is that the physical “kicking and punching” are really just the tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself.

 ### MAIN
 - About - Reviews - Contact Us - Blog

 ### PROGRAMS
 - Kids Martial Arts - Teens Martial Arts - Adult Martial Arts - Family Martial Arts

 ### LINKS
 - Privacy - Sitemap

 ### © Amarilllo Karate & Fitness All rights reserved | Powered by Amazing Martial Arts Websites
