---
source_url: https://amarillokarate.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://amarillokarate.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:35.100Z
---

### Amarillo Karate & Fitness

 ### 806-350-5425

 ### Amarillo Karate & Fitness

 ### Martial Arts for Kids and Adults in Amarillo, TX

 Facebook Youtube Instagram Twitter

 806-350-5425

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 ### Amarillo Karate & Fitness

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 ## Discover The Ultimate System of Self-Defense and get in Great Shape at the same time!
 Our Applied Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes combine strength and endurance training to develop lean, powerful muscles and a slim waistline.
 Lean the PROVEN system that changed self-defense forever.

 ### Complete the Form Below to Get Program Information and See Our Web Specials!
 ###

 # Discover Your Inner-Fighter With Our Innovative MMA Lessons in Amarillo, TX
 If you’re looking for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lessons for yourself, your children, or even for the whole family in the Amarillo or the Canyon, Panhandle, Dumas areas, you’ve come to the right place!
 In our totally unique, Applied Jiu Jitsu program, you’ll not only learn how to defend yourself and your family in virtually any situation, but you’ll also quickly (and safely) build muscle, melt fat, increase flexibility, and gain a greater sense of quiet self-confidence.

 ### DID YOU KNOW...?
 80 %
 of Adults

 Say they regularly feel stressed at work.

 48 %
 of Adults

 In the US have cardiovascular disease, the #1 cause of death.

 81 %
 of Adults

 Fail to participate in adequate aerobic and strength activities.

 26 %
 of All Deaths

 Are directly related to heart disease and a lack of physical fitness.

 ## DON'T LET YOURSELF BECOME A STATISTIC.
 Equip yourelf with the tools to succeed in the real world with Amarillo Karate & Fitness.
 Amarillo Karate & Fitness teaches the type of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu you see on TV, but in safe, injury free environment!
 Our programs empower our students with a powerful system of personal and family protection, and incredible physical, mental, spiritual, and social benefits. You will find yourself in better shape and with more energy to improve your business and personal life. All you have to do is get started to start seeing the benefits!

 See Our Web Specials!

 ## Why Choose Amarillo Karate & Fitness?
 This is an exciting and challenging program that provides you with the motivation you need to reach your goals.

 Because getting in shape can be challenging, enjoying the process and the social environment is a must.

 Maybe you’ve tried and failed with other programs, but our martial arts fitness program has seen proven success.

 See Our Web Specials!

 #### FAQ
 ##### Most frequently asked questions and answers
 How does this Brazilian jiu-jitsu Program get you in shape so quickly?
 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program covers every component of fitness. You will improve cardio, strength, agility, flexibility, and endurance through our classes. There is no other workout that is so complete and engaging!
 It truly is a total body workout.

 Do I Need to Be in Good Shape Before I Start?
 One of the best aspects of our program is that every student is treated as an individual and progresses at their own rate.
 Each student’s progress isn’t measured against other students, but rather against their own previous performance.
 So, even students that aren’t as physically fit as the star quarterback of a football team can have a wonderful experience in our program and become stronger, fitter, and more flexible.

 Am I Too Old (or Too Young) for This Program?
 The great thing about our program is that everyone is treated as an individual.
 We have students as young as 3 or 4, and as old as 94!
 Since every person is different, the best (and really, ONLY) way to see if our program is a good fit for you is to take advantage of one of our WEB SPECIALS and try it for yourself!
 I’m 100% confident you’ll have a great time!

 Exercise Is usually repetitive. Will Classes Be Boring?
 Our program is FUNDAMENTALLY different!
 In a typical exercise program, you may be getting a good workout, but you’re really not learning much of anything.
 Our programs will not only keep you excited and motivated because of our high-energy instruction that always keeps class fresh and interesting, but you’ll also be learning real practical skills that could one day save your life.
 Our students find this learning process incredibly engaging and challenges them to truly master their technique. I guess this is the reason our students stick with our program while previous workouts have failed them.

 How much time does the training usually require?
 We know how busy your life is, so our program is designed for the busy person! Students can make exciting progress by attending classes an average of twice a week.
 Some students will want to attend more classes, and that’s great–we have options for that!

 How Do I Know if this Program Is a Good Fit for Me?
 Really, the only way to know if our program is a good fit for you and your family is to try it out!
 We have some GREAT WEB SPECIALS, so you can try the program with no strings attached and see for yourself how the program will benefit your whole family.

 #### Amarillo Karate & Fitness reviews
 Tanya Elenkiwich     
 Student
 "I HAVE TOTALLY BECOME STRESS-FREE..."
 “By training in the martial arts, I have totally become stress-free. I love it. My life is so much more enjoyable!”

 Mike Earl     
 Student
 "I HAVE LOST 12 POUNDS, GAINED GREAT CONFIDENCE!"
 “I love Martial Arts training! With the training I’ve got, I have lost 12 pounds, gained great confidence!”

 Jordan Robinson     
 Student
 LOST OVER 65 POUNDS...
 “Since I’ve started Martial Arts, I’ve lost over 65 pounds! On top of that, I’ve gained confidence.”

 Chris Nelson     
 Student
 "LOST 25 POUNDS..."
 “I know that practicing the martial arts has helped me! I’ve lost 25 pounds, learned to control my emotions and be happier.”

 ### ARE YOU READY? If you’re looking for the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lessons in the Amarillo TX area, you’ve come to the right place!
 You’ll accomplish all of this and more in our Amarillo Karate & Fitness Jiu-Jitsu martial arts lessons!

 See Our Web Special

 ### LEARN ABOUT OUR OTHER PROGRAMS
 Kids' Martial Arts

More Info

 Teens Martial Arts

More Info

 Adult Martial Arts

More Info

 Family Martial Arts

More Info

 ### Amarillo Karate & Fitness Although many people think the martial arts are just about fighting, the truth is that the physical “kicking and punching” are really just the tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself.

 ### MAIN
 - About - Reviews - Contact Us - Blog

 ### PROGRAMS
 - Kids Martial Arts - Teens Martial Arts - Adult Martial Arts - Family Martial Arts

 ### LINKS
 - Privacy - Sitemap

 ### © Amarilllo Karate & Fitness All rights reserved | Powered by Amazing Martial Arts Websites
