---
source_url: https://5elementsstudio.com/es-kids-jiu-jitsu-classes/
final_url: https://5elementsstudio.com/es-kids-jiu-jitsu-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:47.549Z
---

- (214) 940-3445 - 2613 North Carroll Avenue, Dallas, TX 75204

 # Dallas Kids Jiu-Jitsu, Now Offering In-Person Classes!

 ## Get 3 Days Of Life-Changing Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Dallas... All Inclusive Pass For Only $49!

 “I can’t believe the difference.” Our amazing Kids Jiu-Jitsu program is offering classes here in Dallas! Boosts your child’s focus, respect, confidence, and social skills… while they have FUN.

 Everything included:

 3 Day All Inclusive Pass

 Experienced Instructors

 - 2613 North Carroll Avenue, Dallas, TX 75204

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your 3 Day All Inclusive Pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from 5 Elements Studio – Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## So Much More Than Punches & Kicks. Changes Lives.

 Martial arts is not just self defense. It’s a tool we use to help kids become leaders. Hundreds of Dallas parents can’t believe the incredible transformation.

 ## So Much FUN! While Teaching Respect, Discipline, & Focus.

 We don’t have many rules here, but they’re very rigorously enforced. As a result, kids learn and develop strong, healthy boundaries. And boundaries are so essential to helping kids thrive.
 Discipline and respect flourish within a few short weeks. This is why Parents LOVE our Kids Jiu-Jitsu Program here in Dallas.

 ## Prepares Your Child For Success In Life.

 Kids who train martial arts have a higher success rate in school. Why? Discipline, focus, goal setting, and drive. Martial arts instills these incredible traits in your child, every time they come.
 That’s what makes our Dallas Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes so Powerful.

 ### Get 3 Days Of Life-Changing Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Dallas... All Inclusive Pass For Only $49!

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY CHILD'S CLASS PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "Absolutely outstanding gym! Very professional staff. High disciplined , attentive to each participant."

 "I am impressed with the instruction my kids are receiving. In addition to great martial arts instruction, stretching, breathing, and mindfulness are incorporated as well."

 "Gerardo is a good teacher. Kids really like the classes and are learning a lot. "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Children's Martial Arts Program

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Do Parents Need To Stay?
 We don’t require parents to stay during classes. However, we do find that parents who get involved with their kids martial arts lessons, truly build a solid connection as they see their child grow in confidence and skill as they progress through their belt ranks. And building strong family units is important to us at 5 Elements Studio – Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness for our Dallas community.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find 5 Elements Studio – Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness in Dallas have martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 My Child Has ADHD, Will Martial Arts Help?
 Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes, is that it’s an individual sport, done in a group environment. We find all our students improve in their focus, self control, discipline and social skills. But the best part is…. They don’t even realize that is what our highly trained Kids Martial Arts Instructors are actually doing. They just think they are having fun!
 The best way to find out for yourself, is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. Book in now! You will be glad you did!

 Are Parents Allowed to Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 My Child Is Not Athletic, Will They Feel Left Out?
 Not at all. You will find that martial arts classes are the PERFECT sport for kids who are not good at sport. Kids martial arts classes really are an individual after school activity, that they do in a group.
 The journey from white belt to black belt is different for each student. But what is the same…. They improve co-ordination, balance, motor skills, focus and discipline. Plus, they makes lots of great friends!
 Our Instructors are highly skilled in teaching martial arts for kids. Really… It’s their PASSION!

 My Child Is Addicted To Computer Games, Will This Be Suitable?
 This is probably the BEST kids activity for children who sit a lot!
 Getting them active, without them realising they are learning, is our skill. Kicking and punching pads is such a great stress relief, that kids blossom in all areas – because of their martial arts training.
 Many Dallas parents find that once their kids start martial arts classes, they see a happier, more social child develop right before their eyes. You’ll be glad they started classes!
 PLUS…. Most kids LOVE being ninja!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from 5 Elements Studio – Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
