---
source_url: http://www.nwmaacademy.com/programs
final_url: https://www.nwmaacademy.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:33.094Z
---

### Youth Programs: We teach Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in all of our youth programs. “BJJ” is a grappling based martial art that deals with utilizing range, clinching, takedowns, many forms of control on the ground and submissions. In every class, kids get to hang out with their friends, wrestle and have fun!
 Raccoons (6-9 years):
 Monday/Wednesday 4:00-4:45 pm
 Tuesday/Thursday 5:15-6:00 pm
 Foxes (10-14 years):
 Monday/Wednesday 5:00-6:00 pm
 Tuesday/Thursday 4:00-5:00 pm
 Wolves/Black Belt Leadership Program (Invite Only):
 Friday 4:30-6:00 pm

 ### Adult Programs: Brazilian Jiu Jitsu:
 90% of all self defense situations end up on the ground. That’s where BJJ specializes! Students will learn a variety of grappling techniques and practice them against live resistance. There’s no better way to get in shape! It’s fun and you’ll be building real self defense skill at the same time!
 - Fundamentals : 12:00-1:00 pmMonday & Thursday 6:15-7:15 pm Tuesday/Thursday11:00-11:45 am Saturday - All Levels: 6:15-7:30 pm Monday/Wednesday - Open Mat: 6:15-7:15 pm Fri, 12:00-1:00 pm Sat, 1:00-2:00 pm Sun

 Kickboxing/Muay Thai:
 Students will learn many striking techniques including how to effectively punch, kick, elbow and knee. In this class you will learn to apply these techniques against live resistance and work on conditioning as well!
 - Fundamentals : 7:30-8:30 pm Tuesday/Thursday

 Women’s BJJ/Self-Defense:
 This class is for the ladies only! A self defense class that focuses on verbal strategies, awareness and Brazilian Jiujitsu. Our mission is to provide a comfortable environment to all women looking to build their skills!
 - Womens’s only: 12:00-12:45 pm Sundays

 ## Want to inquire more? Leave your info below!

 First Name | Last Name | Email | Mobile | | |
