---
source_url: http://www.nwmaacademy.com
final_url: https://www.nwmaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:33.265Z
---

# Northwest Martial Arts Academy # Eugene’s Original BJJ Dojo # -Est 1995-

 Northwest Martial Arts Mission:

 ## Empowering people through martial arts.

 REGISTER FOR A TRIAL NOW!
 REGISTER FOR A TRIAL NOW!

 Come join our Eugene, Oregon facility! We offer programs for Adult (ages 14+) Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Adult Kickboxing/Muay Thai, Women’s Self-Defense, and Youth (ages 6-13) Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes. Visit our programs section for a more detailed explanation of what we offer.
 Click on the green button above to register for a trial or give us a call at (541) 912-9099 if you have any further questions.

 “A safe, healthy, friendly place to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense. NWMA is all about providing a nurturing environment to bring BJJ to peoples of all ages, sizes, and backgrounds!”
 — Pendar Madavi

 “After shopping around a bit and checking out the selection of places to train in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in the area I found NWMA and knew right away that this was the place for me. The instructors here are first rate and cultivate a truly excellent culture among the students, while sharing their passion for training in martial arts.

 After becoming a passionate student myself I have recently gotten my son started training here with me and discovered that the kids classes are also excellent. My 8 year old son has never been so enthusiastic about athletics as he is about jiu jitsu and I'm really happy that he can train hard in an art that doesn't involve the risk of brain trauma associated with striking based martial arts.

 The instructors, facilities and community of students here are all great and make training at NWMA a perfect fit for me.”
 — Miles Noell

 “Absolutely recommended! Very knowledgeable and great with kids. We had a great experience and if you’re looking for a place to learn martial arts this is it!”
 — Brett Shields
