---
source_url: http://www.lycanmixedmartialarts.com
final_url: https://lycanmixedmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:27.427Z
---

# Welcome to Lycan Mixed Martial Arts ### ##### Unleash Your Potential at Lycan Mixed Martial Arts in Columbia, SC – The Premier Jiu-Jitsu Gym in Columbia! Are you seeking the pinnacle of martial arts training that caters to all ages and skill levels? Look no further than Lycan Mixed Martial Arts—a hub of excellence in Columbia, SC—where passion meets expertise in Jiu-Jitsu.
 All-Ages Inclusivity: At Lycan Mixed Martial Arts, we believe that martial arts are for everyone. From kids to adults, our training programs are designed to inspire a love for Jiu-Jitsu that transcends age barriers.
 Tailored Training for Every Level: At Lycan MMA, inclusivity defines our training ethos. Our comprehensive programs cater to all, from beginners to those aiming for a black belt. With structured classes and personalized guidance, our diverse community nurtures growth, resilience, and achievement, ensuring each individual’s journey is supported and empowered, regardless of their starting point or aspirations.
 Comprehensive Adult Training: Our flexible schedule offers morning, afternoon, and evening classes, focusing on American Jiu-Jitsu. Whether you’re a newcomer or a seasoned martial artist, our doors are open to individuals of every proficiency level.
 Kid-Centric Learning: We prioritize kids’ development through our specialized Kids’ Jiu-Jitsu classes. In a safe and nurturing environment, young martial artists learn invaluable skills both on and off the mats.
 Fitness Goals Achieved: Our world-class instructors are passionate about guiding you toward your fitness ambitions. Whether you’re training for recreation or eyeing competitive success in BJJ, our tailored classes are the catalyst to realizing your goals.
 Transformation through Martial Arts: Experience firsthand the transformative power of martial arts, influencing not just physical fitness but mental well-being too. Embrace a complimentary class and witness the profound impact our program has on individuals of all ages.
 Expert Guidance, Personalized Support: At Lycan Mixed Martial Arts, our dedicated trainers are committed to supporting and guiding you on your journey. Whether you’re aiming for personal enjoyment or eyeing the competitive stage, our expertise ensures you achieve your objectives.
 Join Our Thriving Community: Step onto our mats and become part of our thriving martial arts community at Lycan Mixed Martial Arts. Your journey toward empowerment in martial arts begins here!
 Discover American Jiu-Jitsu (AJJ) Mastery: Lycan Mixed Martial Arts proudly embraces the dynamic artistry of American Jiu-Jitsu (AJJ), a fusion of traditional techniques and modern innovation. Our dedicated instructors impart a diverse skill set, emphasizing adaptability and situational awareness. With a curriculum exploring standing and ground techniques, AJJ empowers practitioners to navigate scenarios confidently, offering a transformative martial arts experience for all.
 Ready to Discover Your Potential? Claim your spot at Lycan MMA and unleash the martial artist within you! We can’t wait to welcome you to our vibrant community where passion, dedication, and empowerment collide on the mats!
 ### Start training today! Contact us and come see our gym! We’d love to have you come in and check it out. Call or send an email to set up a time and for special pricing! Get in Touch!

 ### ### Beginner’s Courses This NEW 2 week courses are here! Take an introduction to a grappling based martial art that evolved from judo and is the Americanized style of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to get in shape!
 Learn More!

 Start Your Journey!

 ### American Jiu-Jitsu What is American Jiu-Jitsu? American Jiu-Jitsu (AJJ) is a grappling based martial art that evolved from judo. The majority of fighting occurs on the ground and finishes with a joint lock or a choke.
 Learn More!

 Get on the Mats!

 ### Kids’ Classes We proudly offer specialized American Jiu-Jitsu classes tailored for kids in Columbia, SC. Our Kids’ American Jiu-Jitsu program provides a nurturing and safe environment for young enthusiasts to learn the art while building confidence, resilience, and discipline. Led by experienced instructors, these evening classes focus on fundamental techniques, teamwork, and fun-filled learning, catering to children of all skill levels. Join us to witness firsthand the positive impact American Jiu-Jitsu can have on your child’s physical fitness, mental resilience, and overall well-being. Enroll your child today and let them discover the joy of martial arts at Lycan Mixed Martial Arts!
 Learn More

 Join the Team!

 #### Our gym is a proud retailer of Bucked Up Supplements and Gear!Use code Lycan91 to get 20% off of your order! Shop products at Buckedup.com or Contact Us for more purchasing options!

 ## The Latest Growls from the Lycan’s Lair

 Uncategorized
 #### Building Resilience with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Columbia, SC Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is often described as “physical chess,” requiring not only strength and technique but also resilience to succeed. At Lycan Mixed Martial Arts

 Read More »

 September 29, 2025

 Uncategorized
 #### BJJ for Kids: Building Confidence, Resilience, and Discipline in Columbia’s Youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is not just a martial art; it’s a transformative tool for kids to develop essential life skills like confidence, resilience, and discipline.

 Read More »

 April 7, 2025

 Uncategorized
 #### Nutrition Tips for BJJ Practitioners in Columbia, SC: Fuel Your Training at Lycan Mixed Martial Arts As a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) practitioner at Lycan Mixed Martial Arts in Columbia, SC, you know that training is only half the battle. Proper nutrition

 Read More »

 April 3, 2025

 Join the Pack!
