---
source_url: https://heritagemuaythai.com
final_url: https://heritagemuaythai.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:26.804Z
---

# Online Special1 Week of Classes for $29 Get Started Today!

 # Online Special1 Week of Classes for $29 Get Started Today!

 # Online Special1 Week of Classes for $29 Get Started Today!

 # Welcome to # Heritage Muay Thai Garden Oaks & Oak Forest's #1 Martial Arts School

 Heritage Muay Thai is committed to unlocking the full potential of every individual through the transformative power of martial arts. Our expertly crafted programs, led by Master Michael Corley, focus on instilling discipline, enhancing confidence, and nurturing resilience. Beyond self-defense skills, we teach essential life skills that are applicable in every facet of life.
 Get Started Today!

 ### Martial Arts For Kids ↗

 ### Mixed Martial Arts ↗

 ### Adult Martial Arts ↗

 ## Why Choose Our School

 ## Unlock Your Potential with Martial Arts Excellence

 Heritage Muay Thai is committed to unlocking the full potential of every individual through the transformative power of martial arts. Our expertly crafted programs, led by Master Michael Corley, focus on instilling discipline, enhancing confidence, and nurturing resilience. Beyond self-defense skills, we teach essential life skills that are applicable in every facet of life.

 ## Tailored Programs for Everyone

 From beginners to advanced students, our programs welcome everyone. We offer personalized classes for both children and adults, with customized instruction that matches your individual goals and comfort level. Our experienced instructors ensure every student gets the attention they deserve to succeed.

 ## A Welcoming, Safe, and Inclusive Community

 We're passionate about creating an environment where every student discovers their inner champion. From kids to adults, our programs bring out the best in everyone who walks through our doors. Through our proven teaching methods, students develop discipline, confidence, focus, and a powerful sense of self-worth. Our experienced instructors meet you where you are and guide you toward your goals with expertise and encouragement.

 Get Started Today!

 ## Online Special1 Week of Classes for $29 Our welcoming programs are designed for everyone, period. Whether you're just starting out or have years of experience, we'll meet you exactly where you are. From kids to adults, beginners to advanced - there's a perfect spot for you here. Every student gets a personalized approach that matches their individual goals.

 Get Started Today!

 ## Transform Your Life with Heritage Muay Thai #### Join Heritage Muay Thai for a life-altering experience!

 ## Hear It from Our Students!

 Our students are incredible. See what they have to say about us.

 Read More
 Leave A Review ##### Leave A Review
 Oops! We could not locate your form.

 Close

 I came to Heritage nearly two years ago to try a free class, basically on a whim. I fell in love with training and have been coming religiously ever since. It’s perfect for all ages, has a great culture, the mats and equipment are always clean, and the training is high quality. First-timers are welcomed with no judgment; all of the coaches and training partners are kind and patient. Experienced fighters can take advantage of the world-class coaches, and have access to a host of high-level professional training partners. If you have any inclination to try Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Boxing, BJJ, or MMA, Heritage is where you want to be. You’ll learn combat sports at a high level, get in shape, all while having a blast and making friends.

 #### Mylles Hallado

 Been training here for a few years now and it has been an amazing experience. World class coaches, welcoming and friendly members, clean and well kept equipment, and overall reasonably priced. This is one of the most accredited places to learn authentic Muay Thai in Houston. Whether you’re looking to compete or just work out for personal fitness I’m sure you can find what you are looking for here

 #### N. J.

 Previous Next

 ## Kids Martial Arts Explore the Special Offer for our kids' classes in Garden Oaks & Oak Forest. Kids Martial Arts instills values such as Respect, Courtesy, and Self-Control, which lead to the development of essential life skills. These skills result in better grades in school, a positive social environment, reduced ADD/ADHD issues, less bullying, improved self-defense abilities, and better behavior at home. At Heritage Muay Thai, our goal is to help kids and their families within the community. Our kids' martial arts program is more than just kicking and punching.
 Learn More

 ## Adult Martial Arts Our Martial Arts classes for adults are exceptional in Garden Oaks & Oak Forest. At Heritage Muay Thai, our instructors are fully committed to each student and the benefits that our program offers, both on and off the mat. From teaching self-defense skills safely to promoting physical fitness, our adult program delivers real-world results in this ever-changing world. Our community members in Garden Oaks & Oak Forest cherish our classes and appreciate what we have to offer for our students and their families.
 Learn More

 ## Mixed Martial Arts Whether you’ve got aspirations of becoming a Pro Mixed Martial Arts fighter or you would just like to train like one, our complete and comprehensive program will teach you the skills you need to succeed.
 Learn More

 ## Kickboxing This class is for anyone from novice to the advanced athlete. Warm ups include jumping rope, shadow boxing, and/or calisthenics, after which students are taught the days lesson. These lessons focus on proper technique, integrated combinations, and strategy. Striking, elbows, knees and Kicking are done using Thai pads, Punching bags, partner work, and sparring drills. Once a student feels comfortable with the basics, we offer safe but competitive sparring classes, allowing you to apply your knowledge in a way that is truly your own.
 Learn More

 Exclusive Download for First-Time VIP Visitors to Our Heritage Muay Thai Website

 ## FREE E-BOOK DOWNLOAD
 Authored By Go2Karate.com Founder Tracy Lee Thomas
 Book Title: "Why Martial Arts Can Positively Change Lives"

 Download Today!

 MEET MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL OWNER ## Michael Corley

 Welcome to Heritage Muay Thai in Houston, Texas. Since opening our doors, we’ve been committed to helping students of all ages and experience levels reach their goals through authentic Muay Thai and Martial Arts training. Our team is ready to welcome you, show you our facility, and share how we can help you or your family grow stronger, more confident, and more skilled both on and off the mats.

 ## Go2Karate Interview with Michael Corley

 ### Go2 Karate Distinction Award

 Heritage Muay Thai is awarded the Go2 Karate Distinction Award for Garden Oaks & Oak Forest for elevating their exceptional dedication to community enrichment. Through their expertly crafted online martial arts website they are delivering valuable content and services that empower individuals online.

 This Go2 Karate Distinction Award acknowledges the strengthening of their local community and its members through martial arts training that they are providing.

 # Top 5 Reasons Why Martial Arts Classes Help Community Members

 1. Empowerment Through Karate Discover how Martial Arts classes empower community members with valuable skills, boosting self-confidence and personal safety, reduce stress from work environment and better grades for kids in school.

 2. Fitness and Wellness Explore how Martial Arts classes contribute to the physical fitness and overall well-being of our community, promoting a healthy lifestyle for children, teens, and adults.

 3. Building Stronger Bonds Learn how Martial Arts fosters camaraderie and community spirit, bringing neighbors, friends and family together socially, in a shared pursuit of personal growth. Our Karate lessons forge and strengthen bonds well beyond training on the mat.

 4. Mental Resilience Delve into the mental benefits and aspects of Martial Arts training, including improved focus, self-discipline, and stress management, benefiting our community members here in Garden Oaks & Oak Forest. We believe in changing lives far beyond just kicking and punching.

 5. Confidence for All Ages See how Martial Arts classes offer confidence-building opportunities for community members of all ages, from children, teens to adults. We are proud to showcase accurate life-changing results fostered within our community through our Karate classes at Heritage Muay Thai.

 LIMTED TIME OFFER

 ### We have a Special Offer just for you! Join our family today.

 Get Started Today!

 ## Unlock the Benefits of Martial Arts Training at Heritage Muay Thai At Heritage Muay Thai, we believe that Martial Arts is more than just physical exercise; it's a path to personal growth and empowerment. Our team of dedicated and professional Martial Arts Instructors is committed to serving our community by providing top-notch training for everyone, from karate kids to adults seeking self-defense skills. We understand that each student has unique goals and reasons for enrolling in our programs, and we are here to cater to your individual needs.

 #### Flexible Class Times

 #### Increased Fitness Levels

 #### Safe Self Defense

 #### Concentration and Focus

 #### Confidence & Self Esteem

 #### Enhanced Self Discipline

 ## Heritage Muay Thai In Garden Oaks & Oak Forest Thank You For Visiting Our Website

 ### Personalized Experience We recognize that every student is different, and we tailor our classes to meet your specific objectives, whether it's fitness, self-confidence, discipline, or self-defense.

 ### Community-Centric We are deeply rooted in the Garden Oaks & Oak Forest community and are proud to be your local Martial Arts school. When you choose us, you become a part of our extended family.

 ### Special Website Offer If you're in or around Garden Oaks & Oak Forest, take advantage of our exclusive website special offer. Contact us today by phone or fill out the form on this site to get started. Our program directors and experienced Martial Arts instructors will promptly get in touch with you to schedule your first lesson and provide a tour of our state-of-the-art academy.

 ## Join Us Today And Discover The Incredible Potential Within YOU!

 Get Started Now!
