---
source_url: http://www.gracieburlington.com
final_url: https://www.gracieburlington.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:27.689Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Burlington, NC
 Welcome to Gracie Burlington Jiu Jitsu, Burlington, NC’s home for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 We are the only Gracie-affiliated school in Burlington, proudly serving Alamance County with expert Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai training for kids and adults in a welcoming, family-friendly environment. At Gracie Burlington, you’re not just joining a gym, you’re joining a community that builds confidence, discipline, and strength on and off the mats.
 Our experienced instructors focus on proper technique, real-world self-defense, and personal growth, helping everyday people achieve extraordinary results.
 ​
 Conveniently located at 2322-A South Church Street, Burlington, NC 27215.
 ​

 Click here and Let's go!!!!
 #### It's time to start your Jiu Jitsu Journey!
 ##### Train with confidence. Build real-world strength and practical self-defense skills at Gracie Burlington Jiu Jitsu in Burlington, NC. Surround yourself with people who raise your standard.
 ## News and Updates......
 Training at Gracie Burlington Jiu-Jitsu has genuinely changed my life. Since starting, I’ve gained confidence I didn’t have before, lost nearly 40 pounds, and found something that challenges me every single day. No matter how tough class is, I always leave knowing I showed up and did something hard, and that feeling carries over into the rest of my life.

 Rex Sanderson

 THANK YOU, ALAMANCE COUNTY!
 ​
 We are blown away and beyond grateful.
 ​
 Because of YOU, Gracie Burlington brought home multiple wins in this year’s Reader’s Choice Awards:
 1st Place – Fitness Center/Gym
 1st Place – Martial Arts Center
 1st Place – Karate/Martial Arts School
 Top Employers – Karen Canup (2nd Place Boss!)
 2nd Place – Best Locally Owned Small Business
 2nd Place – Best Place to Work
 ​
 From day one, our mission has always been simple: Faith, Family, Fitness, and creating a place where every single person feels seen, supported, and pushed to grow.
 ​
 These awards aren’t just ours… they’re yours. Every parent cheering from the benches. Every kid who ties their belt with pride. Every adult who walked in nervous and left confident. Every coach showing up with heart. Every member who makes this place feel like home.
 ​
 Hard work pays off!
 ​
 We love this community, and we’re honored you trust us with your families. Thank you.
