---
source_url: https://www.burtonbrazilianjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.burtonbrazilianjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:45.624Z
---

### Classes
 Get Started!
 Adult All Levels Gi/No Gi BJJ
 Ages 13+

 This class will help everyone grasp the techniques from day 1 beginners all the way to more experienced practitioners. This is a great class to continue learning in, or start your BJJ journey. Friendly atmosphere for all experience levels, excellent for self defense and sport.
 Were you athletic in high school and miss sports as a hobby or competition? BJJ is a great outlet to fill that need.
 ​
 Benefits Include: ​
 - build new skills - better concentration - have fun - improve health
 ​ ​
 MOMS TRAINBJJ FREE with paid child membership (limit one per family; applies for child membership under 18 years old)!

 Get Started!
 Kids BJJ Ages 6-13

 Our Kids programs grow up the next generation of winners by teaching concepts like respect, self discipline, and confidence. In a world of instant gratification, we teach perseverance and hard work while progressing towards a goal. Perfect for self defense.
 ​
 We offer classes starting at 6 years old in our Monday/Wednesday/Friday classes that last for an hour. Participants 12 years of age and up will be included in the adult classes.
 ​
 Benefits Include:
 - improved self discipline - develop social skills - improve body control - gain energy and concentration

 Get Started!
 Beginners Level 1

 Specifically designed for day 1 beginners, this class works through a program of basic moves which are designed to prepare the starting learner. This class focuses on the basics and just the basics. Joining this class is a great introduction into martial arts.
 ​
 Benefits Include:
 - improve health - better concentration - have fun - build new skills

 Get Started!
 Homeschool Morning Class

 We are actively Enrolling for a morning class designed for our local homeschool families.
 ​
 Classes are Tuesday & Thursday at 10AM and last for one hour.
 ​ ​

 Get Started!
 Wrestling

 This class will help everyone grasp aspects of wrestling, all the way to more experienced practitioners. This is a great class to continue learning in, or start your wresting journey.

 Get Started!
 Private Lessons

 Private Lessons offered Monday - Friday outside of normally scheduled class times.
 ​
 You choose BJJ or Striking, with coach Dana or Travis, depending on availability or needs.
 ​
 Bundle 5 thirty minute lessons for $120 or $30 per 30 minute lesson.
 ​
 Text/Call (478)391-1541 for scheduling
