---
source_url: https://www.steelcoastbjj.com
final_url: https://www.steelcoastbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:31.084Z
---

# Join the Journey

 ###### Learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with a focus on teamwork, community and success.

 Get Started

 #### About the Academy

 Steel Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the premier BJJ Academy on the Mississippi Gulf Coast, located in Gulfport, Mississippi, Steel Coast BJJ is an IBJJF Approved Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gym, ID# 12668 with the USBJJF. Head Coach Dan Carlson received his black belt from legendary coach Joel Tudor from his legendary gym Surfight. Keeping with our roots we believe in two things, if Jiu Jitsu is no fun you will quit before you are good, and if you do not become good Jiu Jitsu becomes no fun. We are a highly competitive team with a community that socializes on and off the mats and finds common bonds.

 ##### When do we Train?

 - The gym is open from 9am to 8pm Monday through Friday and 9am to 2pm on Saturdays. Refer to the Schedule section for the most up to date class times. We offer Gi and NoGi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for 3-4 year olds, 5-8 year olds, 9+ year old kids and adults. We have fundamental and advanced classes. We offer adult Kickboxing classes. We offer private lessons in BJJ, Judo, Wrestling, Kickboxing, and Boxing.

 Get Started

 #### Our Services

 Explore our range of services and find the perfect fit for your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey.

 - Private Coaching - Get personalized training sessions with our experienced BJJ coaches. - Group Classes - Join our dynamic group classes and train with fellow BJJ enthusiasts. - Online Courses - Access our comprehensive online courses and learn at your own pace.

 ##### Who we are

 - My name is Dan Carlson and I am the owner of Steel Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. (Check out our Team link at the top for read about the other Coaches!) I am a Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Joel Tudor or the famed Surfight Team and the head of the Steel Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Association, we are an IBJJF Approved Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gym, ID#12668 with the USBJJF. I am passionate about teaching new practitioners the art and sport of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and refining competitors in the sport. - My grappling journey began in 1995 when I began Wrestling at Stone Valley Middle School and has continued throughout my adult life as a active Jiu Jitsu Competitor, Coach and Gym Owner. I have the philosophy that you have to be consistent to be good at a sport, that you have to enjoy practicing the sport in order to be consistent, and that you have to be constantly improving in order to have fun; With this philosophy we strive to keep Steel Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a facility that promotes competitive training and a healthy community of active members. - Dan's Jiu Jitsu Accomplishments: - IBJJF Adults World's NoGi Medalist - IBJJF Masters 1 Pan Ams Champion Gi - IBJJF Multiple Time American Nationals Champion Gi and NoGi - Multiple Time SJJIF Adult World Champion - Various Regional IBJJF Gold Medals - Metamoris Challenger Match Winner - Multiple Time American Grappling Federation Adult Team Titles as a Coach and Tournament Wins as a Competitor

 #### Train with Us

 Join our community and start your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey with Steel Coast BJJ today.

 Get Started

 #### Services & pricing

 ##### Private Coaching

 Personalized training sessions with experienced BJJ coaches. Contact us for pricing details.

 ###### From $59

 ##### Group Classes

 Dynamic group classes led by knowledgeable instructors.

 ###### Current cost is $137 per month Contact us for group/family pricing or for specific schedule restricted situations, etc.

 ##### Online Courses

 Access our online courses and learn from top BJJ practitioners. Pricing varies for different courses.

 ###### From $29

 #### Gym hours

 Monday to Friday: 09:00am - 08:00pm Saturday: 09:00am - 02:00pm Sunday: 09:00am - 02:00pm

 #### Contact us

 Reach out to us for inquiries, training schedule, and more information.

 - Contacts3801 25th Ave, gulfport, mississippi, 39501 228-206-3339SteelCoastBJJ@Gmail.com

 -

 Facebook Instagram

 #### TIK TOK

 #### Get in touch

 What are you interested in?
 Type of service Private Jiu Jitsu Lessons Kid Jiu Jitsu Adult Jiu Jitsu Kickboxing or MMA More than one option!

 When would you like to start?

 SUBMIT

 Thank you!
 We have received your submission.

 Error
 Bad respond
