---
source_url: http://www.elitetaekwondoschool.com/
final_url: https://elitetaekwondoschool.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:20.138Z
---

### Elite Taekwondo

 ### 480-857-2004

 ### Martial Arts for Kids and Adults in Gilbert, AZ

 Facebook Youtube Instagram Twitter

 480-857-2004

 ### Elite Taekwondo

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 # Announcing...an Inspiring Martial Arts Program in Gilbert, AZ for The Entire Family!
 Our dynamic Martial Arts Program in Gilbert, AZ has something for everyone. Children gain rock solid self-confidence , build unshakable self-esteem , and hone razor sharp focus, while adults get fit , improve flexibility and quickly eliminate stress!

 Learn More

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM
 Which Program Are You Most Interested In?

 Kids' Martial Arts

 Our kids' martial arts program focuses on character building and leadership in a fun and safe environment.

 View More Info

 Adult Martial Arts

 Our adult martial arts classes emphasize improving fitness, confidence, and practical self-defense.

 View More Info

 Martial Arts Birthday Party

 Give your child the hottest, most memorable birthday party in the area: a martial arts birthday party!

 View More Info

 ### Welcome to Elite Taekwondo!
 Hi! I am Grandmaster Yu Kim, and I’m very PROUD that hundreds of families all over the Gilbert area are singing the praises of our programs and telling their friends and neighbors how much of a positive impact it’s having on their lives. (You can see some of these stories for yourself on the “Reviews” page!)
 Our students are surprised by how easy it is to get started, and delighted that they don’t have to be “already in great shape” to truly enjoy their new classes. Parents who enroll their children are amazed at how patient and genuine our instructors are, and how quickly their child makes observable improvements in their level of focus and confidence!
 But the best way to see if our program would be a good fit for you or someone in your family is to try it for yourself .
 Get started now with one of our WEB SPECIALS and find out how you can be healthier, happier, and more confident with Elite Taekwondo training!

 Let's Get Started!

 #### Physical and Mental Development
 Our members tell us that our school is more of an institution of self-improvement, physically and mentally, rather than just a gym or some “activity.” It feels like a family. We concentrate on building the whole person: Physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, and socially.
 I pride myself on helping our adult members safely build lean muscle, quickly burn fat, gain flexibility, and relieve stress in a FUN, positive, and injury-free environment!
 And for the children, parents all over the Gilbert area give my martial arts classes credit for increasing their child’s ability to focus in school and at home, building their self-esteem , and igniting a passion for self- improvement they never would have expected.

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 #### Elite Taekwondo is So Much More than “Kicking & Punching”
 The martial arts are not “just” about self-defense!
 In reality, the physical “kicking and punching” are really just tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself and life.
 By practicing physical self-defense skills, you will follow the proven path for successful living based on discipline, focus, and perseverance.
 Take us up on our WEB SPECIAL offer, and see the benefits of my Gilbert martial arts program for yourself!

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 #### Elite Taekwondo reviews
 Danielle Madonia     

 Our son has been attending Elite Tae Kwon Do School since June of 2021. This school has far exceeded our expectations since day one. Grand Master Kim and his instructors are phenomenal. They are highly skilled at teaching Tae Kwon Do, but more than that, they teach valuable life lessons like respect and perseverance. They are patient and encouraging and truly take the time to get to know each student individually. In just 7 months this school has given our son a sense of confidence and helped him find his voice. Tae Kwon Do has become his passion; enrolling him in this school is one of the best decisions we have ever made for him. To say that we are impressed with Grand Master Kim and his incredible school would be an understatement. We cannot wait to see what is next on his Tae Kwon Do journey and are so thankful to have found Elite Tae Kwon Do school.

 Leilani Baldwin     

 My daughter has been a student at Elite Tae Kwon Do for just over 2 years. She has learned many skills including discipline, respect for herself and others and confidence. This is all because of the instructors and Grand Master Kim. We have had a great experience and would highly recommend this school to anyone!

 Linda Gillon     

 I can't say enough about this school. Grand Master Kim and Ben are wonderful. My grandson attends classes here and loves it. He is learning in an environment of respect, discipline, kindness and fun. The students are also taught life skills such as goal setting, patience, hard work and team work. I'm thankful to be a part of this black belt school. Thank you Grand Master Kim.

 Josiah Hall     

 Awesome school there is in Arizona! Elite is the best word to describe it! No where is better than here! This school truly prepares you mentally and physically to get the black belt. I love the diversity of my fellow classmates and teachers! Grand Master Kim is awesome and Its been a huge blessing to have him! Invest yourself here, you won’t regret!

 G. A.     

 My 7 yr old daughter has been attending ETS for 10 months, and I couldn't be happier with her progress. Grand Master Kim and his instructors do a great job in not only teaching Tae Kwon Do but also teaching life skills such as listening, focusing, and being respectful.

 ## Ready for a New Beginning?
 SEE OUR WEB SPECIALS!

 Elite Taekwondo

 3050 E Queen Creek Rd Suite 102, Gilbert, AZ 85297

 masteryukim@gmail.com

 480-857-2004

 ### Elite Taekwondo Although many people think the martial arts are just about fighting, the truth is that the physical “kicking and punching” are really just the tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself.

 ### MAIN
 - About - Reviews - Contact Us - Blog

 ### PROGRAMS
 - Kids Martial Arts - Adult Martial Arts - Martial Arts Birthday Party

 ### LINKS
 - Privacy - Sitemap

 ### © Elite Taekwondo All rights reserved | Powered by Amazing Martial Arts Websites

 ## Try Our 2 Weeks Trial Classes for $39.99
 Learn More
