---
source_url: http://www.perryhallmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.perryhallmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:11.815Z
---

| Follow us | Follow us |

 - Home Birthday April Special Youth / Teen Trial Adult Jiu Jitsu Trial - Instructors - Kids - Adults Integrated Martial Arts - Schedule Drop Ins - Contact - Blog

 ## WE MOVED 3 MINUTES AWAY7850 Rossville Blvd. Suite 200 - Nottingham, MD 21236 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids and Adults ## (410)635-4327 Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Whether you want to train for Sport, Self-Defense, or just to get in shape, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu covers it all. It is a true Martial Art & Self-Defense system right here in Perry Hall that becomes addicting. If you're ready to make positive changes in your life, try out a BJJ class. We even have Women's Only classes. Adult Training | Youth Martial Arts Our Youth martial arts program is designed to improve your child's mental and physical health and well being. We focus on developing skills needed to succeed in life. We provide a clean and safe place for kids to have fun, while learning something practical right here in Perry Hall, Maryland Kids Martial Arts

 Request More Info
 Grapple Academy Martial Arts is conveniently located Nottingham, in Baltimore County, Maryland. Near Perry Hall, MD, Grapple Academy makes it easy to welcome anyone in the Baltimore, MD area to train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Self Defense and Kids Karate and Martial Arts . Surrounding areas include, Rosedale, Parkville, Perry Hall , Carney, White Marsh, Towson, Timonium, Overlea, Middle River. If you are looking for Martial Arts in Perry Hall or near Rosedale, or Karate in Towson, look no further than perryhallmartialarts .com -Team GAMA BJJ!

 "Can't say enough about GAMA. Besides being one of the friendliest gyms I've been in, it's kept super clean.The owner, Greg, is a down right GOOD guy, that is always thinking of new ways to reach his students and keep the classes fresh and interesting. Proud to say that not only I am, but my 4 year old son also is apart of GAMA." Thanks!! | HomeKidsAdult BJJTeen And Adult Self-DefenseContactSchedule | Grapple Academy Martial Arts LLC7850 Rossville Blvd. Suite 200Nottingham, MD 21236​(410) 635-4327

 | |

 Martial Arts, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Karate in Perry Hall, Maryland - Close to Rosedale, Towson, Parkville, White Marsh, Nottingham, Kingsville, Middle River and Baltimore
