---
source_url: http://www.ftfcenters.com
final_url: https://fittofight.com/charlotte/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:53.220Z
---

Cum sociis Theme natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturie montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Curabitur ullamcorper id ultricies nisi.

 1-677-124-44227 184 Main Collins Street, West Victoria 8007 Mon - Sat 8.00 - 18.00, Sunday CLOSED ##### Follow Us

 # Home

 ###### Start with a free planning session

 Let help you find the perfect class to meet your goals, fit your schedule, and have a great experience.

 ## Protect What Matters Most ##### Founded in 2003, Fit to Fight® has become the standard for self-defense training. Being fit and able to fight, mentally and physically, can help people of all ages prepare for any situation that comes their way. We offer Modern Krav Maga, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Fitness, and Jiu-Jitsu for youth, teens, and adults. Our classes are available for beginners, advanced practitioners, and everything in between. Contact us today to start with your free planning session.

 ## Our Programs

 Discover practical techniques designed to empower you physically and mentally, equipping you with invaluable skills for personal safety. Build confidence in your capabilities.

 Experience the skill and strategy involved in this ground fighting art. You’ll learn to use techniques that overcome strength to fight through a grounded attack.

 Discover the perfect blend of fun, development, and self-defense. With dynamic training and movements, your child will build confidence and discipline.

 Elevate your workout routine and develop fighting skills. These high-energy sessions offer a great workout while learning important skills. Classes are fun, safe, and effective!

 Bring certified Fit to Fight® coaches and training to your organization. We offer a variety of options for sports teams, school groups, scouts, professional teams, and more.

 ## Benefits of Training

 ##### For Health
 Every time you step on the mat, our goal is to make you safer. Not just with physical skills but also through cardiovascular activity that benefits your heart, body, and life. Feel better, play with your kids longer, see your doctor less, and see your friends more. Whether you need to defend your family or sprint from gate to gate at the airport, we want to help support you.

 ##### For Youth
 Self-defense can mean personal growth, stronger self-esteem, and positive social interaction. Our self-defense curriculum utilizes kickboxing and jiu-jitsu training to instill important characteristics such as discipline, communication, self-control, and integrity. Kids learn, have fun, and become more engaged and self aware of their actions.

 ##### For Adults
 Our multidisciplinary approach to self-defense training improves physical and mental capabilities. Modern Krav Maga, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Jiu-Jitsu and Wrestling are at the core of what you will learn to protect yourself, and your loved ones. Our certified coaches ensure that training is safe, effective, and realistic.

 # BEST self-Defense in Charlotte

 Being fit and able to fight, mentally and physically, can help people of all ages prepare for any situation that comes their way. Whether you’re interested in learning Modern Krav Maga, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Jiu-Jitsu or Combat Wrestling for self-defense or the great health benefits – we would love to meet you. Our curriculum and instruction includes beginner-level, advanced-level, and mixed-level classes.

 Start With Our Trial Class Special

 ## Prepare to protect WHAT MATTERS MOST. ##### By teaching real-world, self-defense modalities, Fit to Fight® grows the skills people need to protect what matters most – themselves, loved ones, and life. Our fighting system leads to safer, healthier, better prepared students.

 ### Our Unique Approach

 ### Our Curriculum

 ## Testimonials

 ## Fit to Fight® Blog

 - January 28, 2026 Why We Teach Jiu Jitsu Differently Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu works. The question is: what are you optimizing it for?Most gyms have answered that question by default. Competition culture fills the vacuum. Points, podiums, rule sets, and the assumption that “better at sport BJJ” equals “better prepared for reality.”It doesn’t; not the way they say it does, and pretending otherwise is how people end up with skills that don’t transfer. Competition is a subset, not the system Sport BJJ is a legitimate expression of grappling. It sharpens timing, develops conditioning, and forces problem-solving under pressure within a specific rule set. Read More - January 12, 2026 Move Forward: A Simple Way to Begin The start of a new year has a way of bringing up the same question for a lot of people:“Should I finally do something about this?”More fitness.More confidence.More preparedness.Or simply doing something that feels purposeful instead of putting it off again.That’s exactly why we’re hosting Move Forward, our New Year Open House at Fit to Fight®. What This is (and isn't) Move Forward is a series of free open classes designed to let you experience our training environment without pressure, contracts, or expectations.It’s not:A hard sales pitchA “new year, new you” hype eventA Read More - August 28, 2025 5 Habits to Stay Safe on Public Transit Public transit is a lifeline for many communities. It’s convenient, cost-effective, and eco-friendly—but it can also leave us feeling vulnerable. Incidents like the recent fatal stabbing on Charlotte’s light rail highlight what many of us already know: safety on public transit isn’t something to take for granted.Being harder to harm begins with habits, not hands. Here are five that can help you ride more safely, wherever you are. 1. Stay Aware of Your Surroundings The easiest trap to fall into is distraction. Headphones, texting, or zoning out can make you less aware Read More - May 12, 2025 6 Week Summer 2025 Self-Defense Series Why a 6-Week Self-Defense Course Is One of the Best Things You Can Do This Summer Let’s be real—learning how to protect yourself (or your loved ones) is one of the most empowering things you can do. Whether you're leaving the city you grew up in, navigating the world as a new parent, or just want to feel more confident walking to your car at night, this 6-week summer self-defense series at Fit to Fight® is built to give you the skills and mindset you need to take control of your Read More - April 3, 2025 Empowering Youth Through Self Defense The Impact Approach At Fit to Fight®, we believe self-defense training should be practical, relevant, and adaptable to the individual. That’s why our youth self-defense program, Impact, is built with the real challenges kids face in mind. Unlike adults, who may need to defend against violent assaults or carjackings, children are far more likely to encounter bullying, peer pressure, and social conflict.Rather than teaching a scaled-down version of adult self-defense, Impact is designed to empower kids with the skills they actually need—both physically and mentally. Confidence Through Kickboxing and Jiu-Jitsu Our program uses Read More - March 3, 2025 Finding Your Fit: Community in Martial Arts Moving to a new city is a thrilling adventure, but it can also be a bit overwhelming. With so many changes to navigate, establishing a routine and finding community is crucial. For many, one of the top priorities is to discover a facility specializing in martial arts. Not only does martial arts help keep people fit, but it also offers critical skills and a profound sense of belonging. Here’s how you can find the right martial arts center and why it can become an essential part of your new life. 1. Read More
