---
source_url: http://www.massbjj.com/about-mass-bjj/
final_url: http://massbjj.com/about-mass-bjj/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:21.372Z
---

Skip to content # About Mass BJJ

 Welcome to Massachusetts Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, where we’ve meticulously crafted a clean, professional, and organized approach to learning Jiu-Jitsu in a friendly and safe environment.
 Our esteemed head instructors, directly mentored by the visionary Roberto Maia, the first Jiu-Jitsu pioneer in New England, bring an unparalleled wealth of knowledge to our academy.
 We take extraordinary pride in sharing the insights gained from our training lineage, fostering a passion that goes beyond mere instruction.
 Explore a diverse range of programs tailored to elevate your skills:
 - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - No-Gi Submission Wrestling - Kids Program Ages 5+ - Women’s Only Program - Kickboxing Basics/Mixed Martial Arts - Physical Therapy/Fitness/Personal Training/Private Lessons - Competition Class - Open Mat
 At Mass BJJ, we provide more than just martial arts classes. Our dedication to creating a family-friendly atmosphere means that your safety is our foremost concern. Beyond simply honing technical skills, we’re well-known for our close-knit community. Students frequently express appreciation for the sense of an extended family they discover on the mats – a community that stands together, celebrates achievements, and supports one another both on and off the mat.
 Join us on a mission to inspire and motivate individuals dedicated to achieving an expert level understanding of Jiu-Jitsu. We thrive on challenging each other for personal growth, fostering an inclusive community that welcomes diverse backgrounds through a shared passion for martial arts and an unwavering pursuit of excellence.
 Our commitment goes beyond producing elite Jiu-Jitsu black belt practitioners; we emphasize the importance of integrity. In a rapidly changing Jiu-Jitsu landscape, we feel that excellence in Jiu-Jitsu and high moral character should go hand in hand.
 If you are seeking a club with no traditions or clear lineage, then we are not the right fit.
 However, if you are looking for a professional Jiu-Jitsu academy with an organized curriculum, deep history, and a consistent lineage, then you’ve found the perfect place!
 Give us a try and immerse yourself in a world where cleanliness, professionalism, and organization converge to create the ideal community environment to discover the true essence of Jiu-Jitsu.
 View our class lists for Acton and Arlington and to see what classes would be a good fit for you.

 Scroll To Top
