---
source_url: http://imperialjitz.com
final_url: https://imperialjitz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:29.526Z
---

Book Your FREE Class

 ## Bet On Yourself! Join the Community. Build the Future. No pressure. Just good people, great atmosphere, and real results!
 At Imperial Jitz, we build strong bodies and stronger bonds. Our kids and adult programs focus on real self-defense, total-body fitness, and confident mindset — all in a supportive, family-style environment where everyone is welcome.

 Adult Jiu-Jitsu

 Kids Programs

 Imperial FIT: Group Fitness

 ## Our Instructors Our instructors are uniquely different, with diverse lives, styles and backgrounds but what is consistent is that all of them are kind, committed, and inspirational.

 Head Jiu-Jitsu Instructor- Professor Luis Alvarez Imperial FIT Head Fitness Coach – Rebecca Alvarez

 ## About Us We’re a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Fitness academy in Ephrata, WA dedicated to personal growth and strong community. Our programs for kids and adults focus on real self-defense, building confidence, and improving overall wellness. Whether you’re training on the mats or moving in a fitness class, you’ll grow stronger—physically and mentally—surrounded by a positive, supportive environment.
 ## Try Out Your Free Class ← Back
 #### Your message has been sent. A member of the Imperial Jitz staff will be in touch soon.
 First Name (required)
 Last Name (required)
 Name of the Child
 Name of the Child
 Phone (required)
 Email (required)
 Choose several options Adult Jiu-Jitsu Adult Fitness Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 Contact Us Submitting form

 Δ

 ## Imperial Jitz Founded in 2019 by Luis & Rebecca Alvarez, Imperial Jitz, is a renowned Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu + Fitness academy based in Ephrata, WA.

 Do you have questions about our Jiu-Jitsu program (Adults, Kids, & Women) or our Fitness classes we offer here?
 ImperialJitz@gmail.com
 1 (509) 860-2575
 112 W Division Ave
 Ephrata, WA 98823

 Monday 10:45 am – 12:15 pm, 4:15 pm – 9:00 pm
 Tuesday 5:00 am – 6:15 am, 5:00 pm – 9:00 pm
 Wednesday 10:45 am – 12:15 pm, 4:15 pm – 9:00 pm
 Thursday 5:00 am – 6:15 am, 5:00 pm – 9:00 pm
 Friday 10:45 am – 12:15 pm
 Saturday Closed
 Sunday 9:00 am – 10:30 am

 ### Share this: - Share on X (Opens in new window) X - Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook -
