---
source_url: http://www.forzacombatsports.com/programs
final_url: https://www.forzacombatsports.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.467Z
---

# Muay Thai

 Muay Thai is referred to as the "Art of Eight Limbs" or the "Science of Eight Limbs", because it makes use of punches, kicks, elbows and knee strikes, thus using eight "points of contact", as opposed to "two points" (fists) in boxing and "four points" (hands and feet) used in other more regulated combat sports, such as kickboxing. A practitioner of Muay Thai is known as a nak muay . Western practitioners are sometimes called Nak Muay Farang , meaning "foreign boxer".

 ### Classes

 MUAY THAI ONBOARDING

 The Muay Thai onboarding class is designed for beginners little or no experience. The class covers topics that will prepare you to take classes at our academy. You will learn how to partner drill, hold pads, and basic strikes required to participate in Foundations class successfully.

 # Muay thai # Foundations

 The foundations class is our beginners class, we have a rotating curriculum where you’ll learn all the basic techniques as well as pad holding techniques. This class will prepare our newer students for all levels classes as well as lay a solid foundation

 # Muay thai intermediate

 In the intermediate class you will work closely with a partner, either drilling on a heavy bag, hitting and holding pads for each other, or doing dutch style body on body drilling. (Gloves and shin guards are required)

 # Muay Thai # intro sparring

 In the sparring intro classes, we will start to introduce sparring drills, as well as fight/competition strategies and different styles of Muay Thai. The contact level is a step above the all levels class but still very controlled. You must have instructor approval to enter the sparring programs. All protective gear is required for participation.

 YOUTH MUAY THAI
 AGES 7-13

 Our Youth Thai Boxing program is second to none, your kids will learn from top level competitors who are also top notch instructors. Youth Muay Thai combines discipline and self- control a fun, and exciting work-out. The program is curriculum based and students will be given goals to work towards.

 # MMA

 Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is a dynamic and multifaceted combat sport that incorporates elements of various disciplines, such as striking (Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai), grappling (Wrestling, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu), and clinch work. Athletes showcase a diverse skill-set to secure victory, MMA requires a combination of strength, agility, and strategic thinking, making it a compelling and evolving form of martial arts.

 CLASSES

 # MMA #

 Our MMA class is a high paced partner drill workout designed to get the heart rate up and sharpen your newly acquired techniques. You will learn a mixture of Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and Wrestling.

 # dutch # kickboxing

 Our kickboxing class is a high paced technique class, students will learn how to utilize “Dutch Style” partner drilling to develop their skills. This is part of the MMA program and students are required to have all safety equipment, and have proper technique for contact drills.

 # Boxing

 "The Sweet Science" Boxing is a ring sport , two people, usually wearing protective gloves , attempt to land punches on each other for a predetermined amount amount of time. Using slick upper body movement coupled with agile footwork, boxing is one of the most popular combat sports on the planet.

 CLASSES

 # boxing

 Our Boxing for Muay Thai class will get those hands right! Students will work with a partner doing various focus mitt and heavy bag drills. Not to worry there is no sparring and very minimal contact in this class, get a fun and safe workout while learning effective boxing technique and strategy.
