---
source_url: http://www.forzacombatsports.com
final_url: https://www.forzacombatsports.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.617Z
---

Forza Combat Sports is the premiere combat sports academy in Oklahoma. We have athletes competing at the highest levels across all major combat sports, from UFC fighters to Bareknuckle and Muay Thai World Champions, to Juniors representing Team USA. While we take pride in our competitive team, we take the most pride in our community, at our academy all of our instructors are current or former competitors themselves. So bring a positive attitude, warrior spirit, and a bottle of water. Our students and teachers are talented, friendly, and super excited to meet you!
 # Schedule your free intro Today! Our intro is a time for you to learn about our program, tour the facility, and try an intro class. You’ll get a feel for our coaches, students, and atmosphere. This time isn’t about selling you or signing up for anything, if you like what you see – you can get more info about our on-boarding program and membership options while you are in the gym. From there, we will schedule your first class and get you started.
 Fill out the form below and one of our coaches will contact you.

 # we specialize in beginners!

 See What They're Saying about us

 # Gym Etiquette NO SHOES ON THE MATS!!!
 Watch your language, there are kids around
 Throw away your water bottles and trash please.
 Take your gear home: gloves, shin guards etc. left at the gym will be donated to the loaner bin.
 Respect yourself, your instructors, your classmates, and our facility.
 If you are late to class, make sure to ask the instructor if it is okay to join class.
 Do not do “your own thing” our Instructors work hard on lesson plans and curriculum, if you attend class please follow instruction and do the drills provided.
 If your partner is going too hard, let them know, if they continue notify the instructor.
 Store your gym bags and shoes neatly in the racks provided.
 Use common bathroom etiquette.
 Wear Muay Thai shorts, or at least shorts that stop above the knee please.
 Lastly no food or drink on the mats or the ring. Violators will be shamed!!!
