---
source_url: https://checkmatbtx.com/programs
final_url: https://www.checkmatbtx.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.315Z
---

## Our Programs

 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu The mind of a child is best developed through games and playtime. Utilizing a variety of drills and games, children will learn techniques that directly apply to body manipulation, cardio, and jiu-jitsu.
 Jiu-Jitsu will teach children the ability to operate under pressure, stressful situations, and the ability to defend themselves. In addition, their bodies will develop flexibility, situational awareness, and endurance.

 ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu The lessons you will learn are tried and true jiu-Jitsu. The knowledge you will learn has been passed down from high level black belts throughout the world, that have gravitated towards the Checkmat flag. This sport is competitive and intriguing. A constant puzzle forcing the player to think moves ahead.
 The essence of Checkmat is individuality with a flair; learn and develop your own game. This particular martial art will develop your cardio, functional strength, and will serve as a fun practical way to lose weight.

 ### Private Sessions Develop and understand Jiu-Jitsu on a deeper scale through one on one training with Professor Jose Gutierrez. He has dedicated his life to jiu-jitsu, a man who has undergone training with the founder of Checkmat Master Leo Vieira and various world class grapplers. Whether it be Gi or No-Gi, Professor is ready and able to develop your Jiu-Jitsu
