---
source_url: https://johnmachadobjj.com/?utm_source=GMB&utm_medium=GMB&utm_campaign=GMB
final_url: https://johnmachadobjj.com/?utm_source=GMB&utm_medium=GMB&utm_campaign=GMB
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:11.111Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Allen, TX. John Machado Jiu Jitsu is the place to be for world class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training. Led by Head Instructor Master John Machado , a 7th degree Coral Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. For over 40 years the Machado Brothers have been dedicated to the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Start MY Free TRIAL VIEW SCHEDULE
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Rated 5 stars on Google • 100+ reviews

 ### Beginner Friendly Learn the fundamentals step-by-step.

 ### Kids & Adults Classes Programs for all ages.

 ### No Experience Needed Perfect for beginners.

 - - - - - - - - - -

 ###### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ## Who Our Classes Are For? Whether you are new to martial arts or looking to improve your skills, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu programs are designed for students of all experience levels.

 ###### Complete Beginners New to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Our beginner classes teach the fundamentals step-by-step in a safe and supportive environment.

 ###### Kids Ages 5-12 Our kids classes help children build confidence, discipline, and focus while learning practical self-defense skills.

 ###### Adults Getting Back Into Fitness Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes improve fitness, relieve stress, and teach real self-defense techniques.

 ###### Competition Athletes Advanced classes help experienced students sharpen their techniques, learn and prepare for tournaments.

 ###### Meet Your INstructor ## Master John Machado Master John Machado is a 7th-degree Coral Belt with over 40 years of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu experience. As a member of the renowned Machado family, he has helped spread Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu around the world.

 At our Allen academy, students learn authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a supportive and disciplined environment.
 Learn More

 ## Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Programs Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training improves fitness and full-body conditioning while teaching grappling skills and discipline.
 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Build confidence, discipline, and anti-bullying skills in a safe and structured environment.
 Learn More

 Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Improve fitness, learn self-defense, and train with a supportive community.
 Learn More

 Advanced Training
 Go beyond the basics, this program focuses on refining technique, improving strategy
 Learn More

 Womens Self-Defense
 Build confidence, discipline, and anti-bullying skills in a safe and structured environment.
 Learn More

 No-Gi Classes
 Improve fitness, learn self-defense, and train with a supportive community.
 Learn More

 ## Start Your Jiu-Jitsu Journey Today Fill out the form below to get started.
 Name *

 Phone *

 Email *

 Subject *

 Message *

 Submit Reset

 ## John Machado Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ## 111 Central Expressway S #116Allen, TX 75013
