---
source_url: https://www.spiritdojolegacy.co.uk/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.spiritdojolegacy.co.uk/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:10.729Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Come and train one of the most popular submission sports in the world here at the Spirit Dojo Nottingham .

 Know More

 ## ABOUTSPIRIT DOJO Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 #### BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger assailant by using leverage and proper technique, taking the fight to the ground – most notably by applying joint locks and chokeholds to defeat the other person.

 SPIRIT DOJO offer Jiu Jitsu GI classes each week, all taught by Black Belt Lee Bown.
 With a simple philosophy of honest hard work, Lee is passionate about constantly working to develop a deeper understanding of the principles and mechanics of JIU JITSU and passing that knowledge on to his students.
 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU is a COMBAT SPORT that focuses on GRAPPLING and GROUND FIGHTING. It promotes the principle that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themself against a bigger, stronger assailiant on the ground using only LEVERAGE, JOINT LOCKS and CHOKE-HOLDS. It stress movement, technique, flexibility and fitness. Classes generally consist of a warmup, technique drill and rolling (sparring)
 Whether you want to TRAIN FOR FITNESS, SELF DEFENCE or wish to COMPETE, LEE is here to help you REACH YOUR GOALS. Having many years of experience training at some of the highest levels, your classes at SPIRIT DOJO will not only be expertly taught, but you will learn AUTHENTIC SKILLS, have fun, make new friends and get into the BEST SHAPE OF YOUR LIFE. These are the reasons why SPIRIT DOJO is the BEST PLACE TO TRAIN JIU JITSU IN NOTTINGHAM!

 ## Other Martial Arts Classes

 ## MMA

 ## Muay Thai
