---
source_url: https://www.teamfusionmma.com/programs/
final_url: https://www.teamfusionmma.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:34.163Z
---

Programs # What We Teach IBJJF Certified Academy

 Brazilian ## Jiu Jitsu Fabio Santos Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Association
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling, ground fighting, and submission holds. It has been proven supremely effective when dealing with bigger and stronger opponents in a self defense situation. Using leverage and sound technique, we can teach you to control the ground battle in sport competition or while protecting yourself .
 Our BJJ program is taught by high level black belts and professionally trained instructors. We regularly host seminars and events with BJJ World Champions & Legends to provide you with the most valuable training possible.

 Try A Class

 #### Get Stronger & More Fit. Our classes will get you stronger and more fit than ever. You'll notice huge improvements in your coordination, flexibility, and balance. BJJ training also fosters confidence and relieves stress so that you can develop a healthier and stronger mind.

 #### Win More Competitions. If you love competing on the mat or in a cage, you'll love how committed we are to help you reach your maximum potential. You'll train with professional fighters and gain the experience that will give you an edge over your competitors.

 #### Protect Yourself & Others. In class you'll learn how to quickly transition situations into positions that leave you in control. Training in BJJ will teach you with the skills you need to protect yourself and the people you care about with minimal risk.

 Mixed ## Martial Arts Our Boxing and Muay Thai Kickboxing classes are a great way to get in killer shape while building your strength and speed. From beginners to professionals, our instructors are experienced in training students at any level. We cover everything from heavy bag work, to mitts, to weight and condition circuits. Our goal is to help you achieve yours.
 If you're looking for a workout, want to learn self defense, or are ready to compete in the ring, we have you covered.

 Try A Class

 #### Have Fun Getting in Shape. Want to lose weight or just get more fit? Our Boxing and Muay Thai Kickboxing classes are fun, safe, and will help you reach your body goals. You'll get a full body workout while learning powerful MMA techniques.

 #### Enhance Competition Skills. The competition team at Fusion is top notch. Our facilities and trainers are armed with all of the tools needed to help you reach your best. You'll train with other fighters in individual programs that will help you succeed.

 #### Master Self Defense. This is where self defense gets vicious. Our classes combine Boxing, Muay Thai Kickboxing, and Krav Maga to give you the most complete self defense program available. You'll be trained to handle any scenario.

 Women's ## BJJ & Self Defense Our women's program is the best way for women to learn BJJ and self defense in a fun and safe environment. Classes are made for women and taught by women.
 Head Instructor Jennifer Reis has built the areas most successful women's program by creating a comfortable atmosphere and providing highly detailed instruction. She has made it her mission to provide you with training that will positively impact all areas of your life.

 Try A Class

 #### Build Confidence & Strength Our Women's Classes promote self-confidence, functional strength, and proper technique. We create a team building atmosphere so that you have the opportunity to connect and accelerate your training.

 #### Train to Compete. Our training environment will allow you to learn at a faster rate than traditional classes. As a beginner or expert, you can choose to compete and join some of the Lady Sharks at a BJJ event to support the team.

 #### Learn Practical Defense. The self defense techniques taught in our classes are realistic and efficient. We partner with groups like the Elizabeth Smart Foundation to bring you training designed specifically for women in real situations.

 Free Lesson ### Try A Class for Free Some description text for this item

 Δ

 East ### Pineview School 2746 East 850 North #1
 St. George, UT 84790
 View Map & Directions
 Class Schedule

 West ### Sunset School 1469 W Sunset Blvd
 St. George, UT 84770
 View Map & Directions
 Class Schedule

 New!!! ### Mesquite School 473 W Mesquite Blvd
 Mesquite, NV 89027
 View Map & Directions
 Class Schedule
