---
source_url: https://www.teamfusionmma.com
final_url: https://www.teamfusionmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:34.369Z
---

Premier # Brazilian jiu jitsu & Mixed Martial Arts We're Southern Utah and Mesquite's favorite training facility. We treat you like family, provide unrivaled instruction, and make it our mission to help you reach your goals.

 Get Started

 0k

 Students Since Opening

 0

 Professional Trainers

 0

 Classes Available Weekly

 0

 5 Star Student Reviews

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Learn our self defense program, how to use leverage to defeat bigger opponents, and get the highest level of competition training for those looking to compete.
 Read More

 ### Boxing & Muay Thai Kickboxing Get in great shape and train at all levels. From beginners to professionals, we can help you crush your goals or prepare to compete at the highest levels.
 Read More

 ### Women's Only Classes Learn the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and practical self defense in a fun and safe environment. For women, taught by women.
 Read More

 Limited Time ### Special Offer - 4 Weeks of Classes - Official Training Uniform - No Contract - Only $49.99

 Sign Me Up.

 Testimonials ## What Students Are Saying I’ve been training here since 2009 and it’s the best gym around with the best trainers. This gym was built on comradery and family, that’s how we’re treated.

 #### Jared Painter Professional MMA Fighter

 I’ve learned so many things about myself here. I’m super grateful, this place is amazing. I would recommend it to anyone, especially women. The people here are my family.

 #### Alyne Barlow Team Fusion Lady Shark

 I train for many reasons, it’s medicine for my mind and body. I’m a better person in every way because of Jiu Jitsu. From day one here at Fusion I was made to feel like family.

 #### Corbin Allred Healthcare Worker & Family Man

 Team Fusion ## Head Instructors Some description text for this item

 #### Aaron Reis Professor / 5th Degree Black Belt (Gracie Jiu Jitsu) under Master Fabio Santos
 Professor Reis is a 5th Degree Black Belt (Gracie Jiu Jitsu) & Black Belt (Walt Bayless Jiu Jitsu) with almost 30 years training in Jiu Jitsu and over 40 years total in the Martial Arts. He is also a Multiple-time Karate World Heavyweight Champion , 8th Degree Black Belt (Karate) , and has been inducted into the Sport Karate Hall of Fame, IMAC Hall of Fame, as well as received countless other awards.

 #### Fabio Santos 7th Degree Red / Black Belt
 As one of very few Coral Belts in the world (Red & Black Belt) , Master Fabio Santos has been teaching for over 35 years and is dedicated to preserving the integrity of Jiu Jitsu. Having started Jiu Jitsu as a young teenager, he is a direct student of the legendary Rolls Gracie and is a Black Belt under none other than Rickson Gracie .

 #### Jennifer Reis Head Instructor / BJJ Black Belt
 Coach Jen is the head instructor of our women's classes and has built the areas most successful women's program from the ground up. She is a 2x IBJJF No Gi Brown Belt World CHampion and regularly competes. Her passion for teaching women and helping them achieve their goals is felt by everyone.

 #### Christian Reis Head Instructor / BJJ Black Belt
 MMA Fighter , Multiple time Jiu Jitsu / Submission Grappling Champion, Multiple time Karate World Champion, & 4th Degree Black Belt (Karate) . Coach Christian started competing at the age of 3 and continues to succeed in the ring while developing his passion for coaching.

 #### Mickee Porritt Head Coach / Muay Thai (Kru)
 Kru Porritt has over 25 years in Muay Thai with over 50 fights and 4 championship title belts . He began training under the legendary Sakasem “The Punisher” Kanthawong and taught along side his brother for years. His knowledge and his training has already been seen by the new found skills shown by the Fusion fight team.

 #### Aaron Pincus Instructor / BJJ Black Belt
 Coach Pincus is also our Assistant Head Coach of the Shark Tank MMA Fight Team . He uses his knowledge and 10+ years experience teaching to break down complex movements and offer training at the highest levels .

 View More

 Free Lesson ### Try A Class for Free Some description text for this item

 Δ

 East ### Pineview School 2746 East 850 North #1
 St. George, UT 84790
 View Map & Directions
 Class Schedule

 West ### Sunset School 1469 W Sunset Blvd
 St. George, UT 84770
 View Map & Directions
 Class Schedule

 New!!! ### Mesquite School 473 W Mesquite Blvd
 Mesquite, NV 89027
 View Map & Directions
 Class Schedule
