---
source_url: https://littletongrapplehouse.com/kids
final_url: https://www.littletongrapplehouse.com/kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.146Z
---

# WHY SHOULD YOUR KID TRAIN JIU JITSU?

 FREE TRIAL
 FREE TRIAL

 Jiu-jitsu helps children develop body awareness, balance, and confidence—both on and off the mats. Building these skills at a young age gives kids a strong foundation that supports success in future sports and physical activities. While we love the idea of training jiu-jitsu for life, we understand that every child’s journey is different.
 Through jiu-jitsu, children are exposed to a wide range of physical challenges that promote balanced muscle development, coordination, and problem-solving. They learn technical skills that teach self-defense in a positive, playful environment—one that encourages focus, resilience, and teamwork. These lessons don’t just prepare kids for athletics; they help prepare them for life.

 On the very first day of class, you’ll arrive a little early (5 minutes). We want to get to know you and your child, plus we have a waiver for you to sign.
 Once class starts we will open with some different movement or games to get everyone warmed up, and then the coach will help form everyone into partners and get started.
 Games are a big part of our kids class. Drilling techniques can be boring and kids easily forget what they learned. By playing games that teach the same technique kids have more fun and develop at a much faster pace.

 ## WHAT WILL MY CHILD'S FIRST CLASS LOOK LIKE?

 Sign up
 Sign up
