---
source_url: https://maracabajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://maracabajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:22.242Z
---

### Maracaba BJJ ## Maracaba BJJ is an elite Jiu-Jitsu program here in Mesa, AZ. The Art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu brings techniques that involve submissions, takedowns, escapes, and defense. All ability levels learn how to move and control their body to their own advantage. Each individual learning how to use and manipulate their strengths and weaknesses. This helps improve upon the coordination, strengths, fitness, athleticism while controlling their weakness. All by using self-control and discipline no matter the physical limitations.
 Come check out our Jiu-Jitsu family today. Our gym is conveniently located off US-60 in southeast Mesa near the intersection of Power and Baseline Roads. Just fill out the short form on your screen below to learn more today!

 ## Features At Maracaba BJJ, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students, and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 - - Community Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, and dedicated students, you’ll sense our community the moment you walk through the doors. - Self-defense Jiu-Jitsu is one of the best forms of self-defense training. Come see what the hype is about! - Confidence Our Jiu-Jitsu training will leave you feeling strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar! - Fitness If the treadmill is getting old, Jiu-Jitsu is the perfect way to spice up your workout routine - Instructors Our instructors care about every one of our students, both in and out of the dojo.

 #### Maracaba BJJ ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) isn’t just for adults. In fact, it’s the perfect activity for kids! This form of martial arts incorporates a lot of ground grappling and is based in automatic human responses.
 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 #### Maracaba BJJ ### Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) has gained a lot of attention in recent years, and it’s pretty obvious why. Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master.
 Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Testimonials
 - - If you are looking for a friendly, competitive, and safe environment to train BJJ with top-level martial artists then look no further than Maracaba BJJ. Blas Vegas Carrasco Student - The best place ever! I am a student and the kid's coaches are amazing and fun. Brody Michael Student - After I joined I had 2 friends and my wife join and stay because they loved it as well. I’d recommend it to a child who’s 6 or a grandparent who’s 60+. Christian Arias Student - Andre has personally helped developed our son as an athlete and more importantly as a respectful young adult. Heather Reid Parent - Love this place. Andre is a wonderful person & an excellent coach. Jesse Noble Smith Student - Joshua ChambersHaving trained at several Jiu-jitsu schools in the past, I have never been happier than training with Maracaba BJJ. Joshua Chambers Student - Very welcoming friendly environment. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a school in or around Mesa Arizona. Terry Wilson Visitor
