---
source_url: http://www.acsbinghamton.com
final_url: https://www.acsbinghamton.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:52.622Z
---

# From fitness enthusiast to MMA Pro, Apex Combat Sports in Binghamton, NY, has you covered
 Free Trial Class

 ## Welcome to Apex Combat Sports
 Binghamton's premier destination for martial arts training. We pride ourselves on creating an inclusive and welcoming environment where students from all walks of life can train side by side, regardless of experience level. Our state-of-the-art facility is located in Johnson City, New York, and is easily accessible from the surrounding areas.
 We offer world-class instruction from experienced trainers in a variety of disciplines, including Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kick Boxing, wrestling, and boxing. Whether you're looking to learn a new skill, get in shape, or compete at the highest level, our trainers are dedicated to helping you reach your goals. Our programs are suitable for both adults and children.
 ​
 Join us at Apex Combat Sports and experience the benefits of mixed martial arts training. Improve your fitness, coordination, and self-defense skills while building camaraderie and having fun. We are confident that training with us will be a positive and motivating factor in your life.

 Schedule your First Class

 ## At Apex Combat Sports, our experienced trainers provide beginner-friendly classes in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, wrestling, and boxing. We understand that starting something new can be intimidating, that's why we strive to create a safe and supportive environment where you can learn the same effective techniques that are being used by top competitors. We separate competition from the class, so you can focus on your own personal goals, whether it's weight loss, self defense or competing.We guarantee to help you achieve whatever goal you set for yourself, and we welcome all walks of life, with a special emphasis on those who have no previous experience. At Apex Combat Sports, you will leave our classes feeling incredible both physically and mentally. Come and join us, and take the first step to reach your full potential.
 Free Trial Class

 ## STAY IN THE KNOW - Subscribe to stay up to date on gym events!
 Enter your email here
 Sign Up
 Thanks for submitting!

 # Contact Us

 First name *

 Last name *

 Email *

 Phone *

 Yes, I agree to receive text notifications from Apex Combat Sports

 Message

 Submit
