---
source_url: http://www.gbnottingham.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=website_gbp
final_url: https://gbnottingham.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=website_gbp
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:47.168Z
---

- Our SchoolScheduleInstructorsOur Facility - Our ProgramsKids and TeensAdultsSelf-DefencePrivate Training - Blogs - We Are Gracie Barra Arnold - Why Gracie Barra Arnold? - Contact Us - Book your Free Class

 #### Book your free class Please fill in your details below
 Book Free Class Location * Location* Arnold
 What Class are you interested in? What Class are you interested in? Kids and Teens Adults Private Training Ladies
 Your Name: *
 Child's Name:
 Childs Age
 Email: *
 Mobile:
 Additional Info:
 Captcha
 Submit

 If you are human, leave this field blank.

 Δ

 # Jiu-Jitsu # For Everyone Getting started at Gracie Barra is easy.
 Book your free class today.

 ## Welcome to Gracie Barra Arnold Discover Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Nottinghamshire’s Leading Martial Arts Academy At Gracie Barra Arnold, we proudly offer world-class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) instruction for students of all ages and abilities. As part of the globally respected Gracie Barra team - with over 1,000 schools worldwide - we are united by a simple mission: Jiu-Jitsu for Everyone​. Situated in the heart of Arnold, near Nottingham, our academy welcomes students from Mapperley, Carlton, Sherwood, West Bridgford, Beeston, and the wider Nottinghamshire area. With a focus on Integrity, Brotherhood, and Development, Gracie Barra Arnold is a place where you can safely grow, learn, and thrive​.
 Our School

 ## Our Programs We offer Jiu-Jitsu classes for children from 3 years old to adults, including self-defense classes for both men and women.

 Kids and TeensOur Gracie Barra Kids Programme teaches children and teenagers vital skills such as self-discipline, respect, focus, and self-defence all delivered through a curriculum designed for their specific developmental stages​.
 AdultsFor over 30 years, Gracie Barra has provided Jiu-Jitsu classes for adults of all backgrounds and skill levels. Whether you're learning for fitness, self-defence, competition, or personal growth, our structured approach supports every step of your journey​.
 Self-DefenceOur self-defence curriculum covers realistic techniques for everyday situations, empowering you with greater confidence, awareness, and practical skills.
 Private TrainingTake your training to the next level with personalised, one-on-one private lessons. Deepen your technical understanding, sharpen your skills, and accelerate your progress.

 ### Book your Free Class today

 ## Meet the instructors All of our instructors are certified through the Gracie Barra Instructor Certification Programme, ensuring you and your family receive the highest standard of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training in a safe, structured, and welcoming environment.
 ### Victor Estima Professor
 Black Belt

 ### Simon Ling Professor
 Black Belt

 ### Trevor Irvine Professor
 Black Belt

 ### Gavin Barnacle Professor
 Black Belt

 ### Tegan Doran Professor
 Black Belt

 ### Jack Delaney Coach
 Brown Belt

 ### Emily Brown Program Director
 Brown Belt

 ### Daniel Storer Coach
 Purple Belt

 ### Martha Fairfax Coach
 Blue Belt

 ### Bartek Kacica Coach
 Blue Belt

 ### Luke Dodsley Coach
 Yellow and White Belt

 ### Amy Nelder Coach
 Grey and Black Belt

 Meet the instructors

 ## Our Facility Gracie Barra Arnold is recognised as a Gracie Barra Premium school and offers the best facilities to train Jiu-Jitsu in Nottinghamshire. Our academy features a clean, modern, and fully equipped training space, designed to provide the safest and most effective environment for learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Come and visit us, we would love to show you around!
 Our Facility

 ### We are Gracie Barra At Gracie Barra Arnold, you’re not just joining a gym - you’re becoming part of a global family. You’ll be supported every step of your journey toward self-improvement, personal growth, and developing the knowledge and resilience to meet life’s challenges like a black belt.
 Find out More

 ### Why Gracie Barra Our instructors are trained in the teaching philosophy and methods of Master Carlos Gracie Jr., the founder of Gracie Barra. With over 30 years of excellence behind us, you can trust that you and your family are in the best possible hands at Gracie Barra Arnold.
 Find out More

 ## Latest News Check out our latest news for everything you need to know about upcoming events and activities at Gracie Barra Arnold.

 ### Easter Jiu-Jitsu Camp in Nottingham – Building Confidence, Skills and Teamwork Read more
 ### Women’s Self Defence: Awareness, Confidence, and Using Your Voice Read more
 ### A Historic Night at Gracie Barra Arnold: Our First Homegrown Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belts Read more

 ### Book your Free Classor get in touch today Getting started at Gracie Barra is easy, our staff will help you every step of the way to make sure you have the best experience of Jiu-Jitsu possible at Gracie Barra Arnold.
 Arnold
 T: 07957 137496
 E: info@gbarnold.com

 Book a Free Class Get in Touch
 Book Free Class Footer Location * Location* Arnold
 What Class are you interested in? What Class are you interested in? Kids and Teens Adults Private Training Ladies
 Your Name: *
 Child's Name:
 Childs Age
 Email: *
 Mobile:
 Additional Info:
 reCAPTCHA

 Submit

 Δ

 Contact Us Full Name *
 Email *
 Phone Number
 Location * Select Location Arnold
 Message *
 Sign Up
 Opt into future email contact

 reCAPTCHA

 Submit

 Δ
