---
source_url: http://www.wayofjiujitsu.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.wayofjiujitsu.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:31.537Z
---

Official Affiliate

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 ## PROGRAMS - BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 # JIU JITSU FOR ADULTS IN COLORADO

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### How Way of Jiu Jitsu will change your life: New ParagraphBrazilian Jiu Jitsu will make you stronger, tougher, and feeling more alive than ever! Imagine how great you’ll feel after 6 weeks of high energy training!

 And, you'll have a TON of fun every step of the way.
 To a success-minded individual looking for a kick ass time,

 My name's Nobuo Yagai, and I'm the founder of Way of Jiu Jitsu Academy. You might be wondering why I'm so confident to offer you such a strong guarantee.

 It's pretty simple. I've seen my program work wonders for guys and gals of all sizes and ages - time after time...

 1st. I’ve seen scrawny guys weighing 120 pounds take down brutes weighing 260.
 2nd. I’ve seen petite women embarrass men twice their size.
 3rd. And I've seen competition fighters reach the level of champions sooner

 ### How Brazilian Jiu Jitsu it will help you: - Develop Unshakeable Self-Confidence - Become part of our family — Get support and motivation - Lose weight, and get in incredible shape. - Dominate against any style of martial arts - Learn Real-World Self-Defense - Easily Take Down Opponents Twice Your Size - Boost Your Self-Esteem, and Eliminate Personal Insecurities - Develop Peace of Mind and Tranquility - Whether you're a noob or a pro - you're part of the team. - And last but not least... Have FUN!

 About Us

 ### It's so much fun it's ADDICTING.

 Plus, you can get started now with our “crazy cheap” web special...

 Take advantage of this outrageously cheap web special before I come to my senses and take it down. Seriously. My students tell me I should charge 3x this price - at least. Here's the deal... For a limited time only, you can get started with 3 classes for just $19.99. That's a $ value you're getting for just $19.99 by signing up now.

 GET STARTED

 REQUEST INFORMATION
 WAY OF JIU JITSU

 Denver & Aurora BJJ Academy

 PURCHASE
 Nobuo Yagai's book

 ##### PROGRAMS
 ##### CONTACT US T: (303) 246-8855
 wayofjj@outlook.com

 A1: 7808 Cherry Creek South Dr. 205 Denver, CO 80231
 A2: 9565 Montview blvd
 Aurora, Co 80010

 OFFICIAL ASSOCIATION

 We are Proudly Part of the Rigan Machado BJJ Association
 www.riganbjj.com

 Share by:
