---
source_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com/kids-bjj-classes-lafayette/
final_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com/kids-bjj-classes-lafayette/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:24.099Z
---

- 765-269-7125 - 1401 Sagamore Parkway North, Lafayette, IN 47904

 Menu

 # Now Accepting New Students! Amazing Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Lafayette.

 ## Get 1 Week of Life-Changing Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Lafayette... COMPLETELY FREE!

 “I can’t believe the difference.” Our amazing kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is offering classes here in Lafayette! Boosts your child’s focus, respect, confidence, and social skills… while they have FUN.

 Everything included:

 1 Week of Classes

 Experienced Instructors

 - 1401 Sagamore Parkway North, Lafayette, IN 47904

 Fill out the form below with your child's name to

 ### get your Class pass today!

 Child's First Name
 Child's Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Aztlan Combat Sports. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## Kids Learn Jiu-Jitsu. They Learn Self-Defense.

 This class for kids teaches them the foundations of jiu-jitsu. It also teaches them body awareness and awareness of their environment, which is important for self-defense.

 ## Kids Become More Confident And Disciplined!

 When kids train jiu-jitsu, it instills confidence, self-control, discipline and anti-bullying tactics. The difference you will see in your child is amazing!

 ## They Will Be A Jaguar. Then An Eagle!

 Your child will start out learning the foundations in the Jaguar class and then advance to the Eagles class!
 They’ll have fun and learn at Lafayette kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class!

 ### Get 1 Week of Life-Changing Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Lafayette... COMPLETELY FREE!

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY CHILD'S Class PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "The kids learn respect for peers, parents, teachers and coaches. He tells the kids the importance of completing their school work and chores at home. It is an all around excellent place! "

 "Great place to train. Great instructor who genuinely cares about his students and goes above and beyond to accommodate those willing to put in the time to train. Classes are fun and informative. "

 "As a parent of a child who has little interest in anything other than video games, I’m so happy to see him looking forward to kickboxing and grappling classes."

 " Great group and awesome coaching "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our children's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lessons.

 Do Parents Need To Stay?
 We don’t require parents to stay during classes. However, we do find that parents who get involved with their kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lessons truly build a solid connection. They see their child grow in confidence and skill as they progress through their belt ranks. Building strong family units is important to us at Aztlan Combat Sports for our Lafayette community.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice grappling in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. You will find Aztlan Combat Sports in Lafayette has Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 My Child Has ADHD, Will Martial Arts Help?
 Yes! One of the great things about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, is that it’s an individual sport, done in a group environment. We find all our students improve in their focus, self-control, discipline and social skills. But the best part is they don’t even realize that is what our highly trained kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructors are actually doing. They just think they are having fun!
 The best way to find out for yourself, is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. Book in now! You will be glad you did!

 Are Parents Allowed to Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!

 My Child Is Not Athletic, Will They Feel Left Out?
 Not at all. You will find that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are the PERFECT sport for kids who are not good at other sports. Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are an individual after-school activity, that they do in a group.

 The journey from white belt to black belt is different for each student. But some things are the same – they improve co-ordination, balance, motor skills, focus and discipline. Plus, they’ll make lots of great friends!
 Our instructors are highly skilled in teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to kids. It’s their PASSION!

 My Child Is Addicted To Computer Games, Will This Be Suitable?
 This is probably the BEST kids activity for children who tend to sit a lot!
 Getting them active, without them realizing they are learning, is our skill. Kicking and punching pads is such a great stress relief, that kids blossom in all areas – because of their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training.
 Many Lafayette parents find that once their kids start Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, they see a happier, more social child develop right before their eyes. You’ll be glad they started classes!
 PLUS…. Most kids LOVE being ninja!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your Class pass today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Aztlan Combat Sports. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
