---
source_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com/adult-bjj-classes-lafayette/
final_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com/adult-bjj-classes-lafayette/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:24.759Z
---

- 765-269-7125 - 1401 Sagamore Parkway North, Lafayette, IN 47904

 Menu

 # Now Accepting New Students! Amazing Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Lafayette.

 ## Get 1 Week of Life-Changing Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Lafayette... COMPLETELY FREE!

 “So fun it’s addicting!” Our amazing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is offering classes here in Lafayette! Burn fat & build lean muscle, fast. Plus it’s so much fun!

 Everything included:

 1 Week of Classes

 Experienced Instructors

 - 1401 Sagamore Parkway North, Lafayette, IN 47904

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your Class pass today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Aztlan Combat Sports. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Keeps You Safe.

 Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that teaches a smaller person how to defend themselves against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper technique.

 BJJ originated from judo and traditional Japanese jiu jitsu. It contains stand-up maneuvers, but it is most famous for its ground-fighting techniques. Gaining superior positioning—so one can apply the style’s numerous chokes, holds, locks and joint manipulations on an opponent—is the key in BJJ.

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Is Effective.

 The techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) are very effective. The belt colors are white, blue, purple, brown and black. It is generally accepted that a blue belt in BJJ is roughly equivalent to a black belt in other martial arts.
 That’s what so many people in Lafayette are finding out!

 ## Get In Shape. Alleviate Stress.

 Not only is Brazilian jiu-jitsu a great sport and effective form of self-defense, it also is a great way to help one deal with the stress of everyday life.
 That’s what makes our Lafayette Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program so powerful, You see RESULTS!

 ### Get 1 Week of Life-Changing Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Lafayette... COMPLETELY FREE!

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY Class PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 " Wonderful instructors, multiple black belts, people are super cool and down to earth. Very supportive and inclusive environment. "

 " The Coaches are great teachers. Everyone is easy to get along with and extremely helpful. I'm 50 yrs old and do not work out. This is an excellent way to lose weight and get in shape not to mention self defense. Also a fantastic stress reliever. "

 " The instructors are great and it's truly the best place to train. Adult classes are great and provide a wide variety of classes and times to train."

 " Aztlan is a great place to train. I walked in for the first time and have came back every day because the instruction is great, the people and coaches are great, and the overall atmosphere is great."

 "They are personal they know what they're doing and they care about you and your well-being. Aztlan has charged my life for the better. I wish I would have joined a lot sooner."

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program

 I hate doing gym workouts, I find them boring. Will this be similar?
 Definitely not! You will get fit, you will burn off unwanted calories, you will find it an awesome stress relief. But BORING, it is NOT!
 The variety, challenge and the feeling of accomplishment when you master a self defense skill or technique is why students love our Lafayette adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at Aztlan Combat Sports.
 But we find it’s the friendships and fun that keep students coming back. It’s like their second family. Why not find out for yourself. Book in for our limited time offer on this page!

 I’m not very sporty or co-ordinated. Will that be a problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Lafayette martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 I have no experience, what do I do?
 All of our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are open to all skill levels, beginner through advanced. We focus on the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, which are simply the most effective parts of the art. We also do a lot of specific drilling and training, which teaches you how to apply techniques and movements during a “live” round.

 How long until I get a black belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Aztlan Combat Sports Lafayette are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer – the fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Lafayette Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 Can women do Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Absolutely! Women really find that the benefits of doing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is that they learn to protect themselves against a bigger, stronger opponent. Something they never thought was possible. We think ALL women should know how to protect themselves, especially on the ground!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your Class pass today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Aztlan Combat Sports. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
