---
source_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com/nogi-bjj-classes-lafayette/
final_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com/nogi-bjj-classes-lafayette/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:25.719Z
---

- 765-269-7125 - 1401 Sagamore Parkway North, Lafayette, IN 47904

 Menu

 # Now Accepting New Students! Amazing Adult No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes in Lafayette.

 ## Get 1 Week of Life-Changing Adult No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Lafayette... COMPLETELY FREE!

 “So fun it’s addicting!” Our amazing No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu program is offering classes here in Lafayette! Burn fat & build lean muscle, fast. Plus it’s so much fun!

 Everything included:

 1 Week of Classes

 Experienced Instructors

 - 1401 Sagamore Parkway North, Lafayette, IN 47904

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your Class pass today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Aztlan Combat Sports. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Is Fast And Fun!

 No-gi jiu-jitsu is training without the gi and incorporates techniques from gi involving gripping the uniform plus aspects of no gi where those grips are not available.

 ## No-Gi Training Is Known as Grappling.

 No-gi training is also referred to as grappling and tends to be a faster-paced form of training. However, training in the gi is first and foremost the most important type of training, especially for beginning students.

 ## No-Gi Training Gets You In Shape!

 No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu will work your body in totally new ways. You’ll build muscles you never even knew you had.
 That’s what makes our Lafayette No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu program so powerful, You see RESULTS!

 ### Get 1 Week of Life-Changing Adult No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Lafayette... COMPLETELY FREE!

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY Class PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 " Wonderful instructors, multiple black belts, people are super cool and down to earth. Very supportive and inclusive environment. "

 " The Coaches are great teachers. Everyone is easy to get along with and extremely helpful. I'm 50 yrs old and do not work out. This is an excellent way to lose weight and get in shape not to mention self defense. Also a fantastic stress reliever. "

 " The instructors are great and it's truly the best place to train. Adult classes are great and provide a wide variety of classes and times to train."

 " Aztlan is a great place to train. I walked in for the first time and have came back every day because the instruction is great, the people and coaches are great, and the overall atmosphere is great."

 "They are personal they know what they're doing and they care about you and your well-being. Aztlan has charged my life for the better. I wish I would have joined a lot sooner."

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Program

 I hate doing gym workouts, I find them boring. Will this be similar?
 Definitely not! You will get fit, you will burn off unwanted calories, you will find it an awesome stress relief. But BORING, it is NOT!
 The variety, challenge and the feeling of accomplishment when you master a self defense skill or technique is why students love our Lafayette adult No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes at Aztlan Combat Sports.
 But we find it’s the friendships and fun that keep students coming back. It’s like their second family. Why not find out for yourself. Book in for our limited time offer on this page!

 I’m not very sporty or co-ordinated. Will that be a problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Lafayette martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 I have no experience, what do I do?
 All of our No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes are open to all skill levels, beginner through advanced. We focus on the fundamentals of No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu, which are simply the most effective parts of the art. We also do a lot of specific drilling and training, which teaches you how to apply techniques and movements during a “live” round.

 How long until I get a black belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Aztlan Combat Sports Lafayette are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer – the fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Lafayette No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 Can women do No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu?
 Absolutely! Women really find that the benefits of doing No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu is that they learn to protect themselves against a bigger, stronger opponent. Something they never thought was possible. We think ALL women should know how to protect themselves, especially on the ground!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your Class pass today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Aztlan Combat Sports. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
