---
source_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com
final_url: https://aztlancombatsports.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:27.350Z
---

- aztlancombatsports@gmail.com - 765-269-7125

 Menu

 # Lafayette's Best Martial Arts SCHOOL

 Find out why so many families in Lafayette choose Aztlan Combat Sports for martial arts training. Adults and children alike are unlocking their full potential, building confidence, and achieving new goals! Request more information or take advantage of our exclusive online-only offer to get started today!

 - Lafayette members have seen improvements in as little as 7 days! - We offer private lessons with many of our coaches. Click here and make your appointment today!

 ## view our scheduleand gain access to our exclusive web special

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 Terms & Conditions I agree to the Terms & Conditions of Aztlan Combat Sports

 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 5-12) Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Adult No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Adult Kickboxing Birthday Parties

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Aztlan Combat Sports. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Lafayette This class for kids ages 7-14 teaches break falls, basic takedowns, grappling and striking. It also instills confidence, self-control, discipline and anti-bullying tactics.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Lafayette Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that teaches a smaller person how to defend themselves against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper technique. BJJ originated from judo and traditional Japanese jiu jitsu. It contains stand-up maneuvers, but it is most famous for its devastating ground-fighting techniques. Gaining superior positioning—so one can apply the style’s numerous chokes, holds, locks and joint manipulations on an opponent—is the key in BJJ. Since Judo is an essential component of jiu-jitsu training, it is incorporated into jiu-jitsu techniques.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Lafayette At our Lafayette No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school, you'll find a welcoming and inclusive community of practitioners who are passionate about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and dedicated to helping each other improve. Our experienced instructors are committed to providing high-quality instruction in a safe and supportive environment.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Kickboxingin Lafayette Adult Kickboxing incorporates techniques from boxing such as the jab, cross and hook and adds kicks in various combinations to make students an effective stand-up fighter. In addition to self defense, kickboxing is excellent for improving physical conditioning.

 When combined with other full-contact martial arts such as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), one becomes excellent at self-defense whether standing or on the ground. In fact most MMA fighters have solid training in kickboxing and BJJ.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Birthday Partiesin Lafayette Stop trying to reinvent the wheel--Birthday parties should be fun, not a ton of work! Enjoy watching your kids have fun!

 LEARN MORE our program

 PARTY RSVP

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better, join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Lafayette martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self-defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self-discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Aztlan Combat Sports Lafayette are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer…The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Lafayette martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Aztlan Combat Sports in Lafayette has martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. We are sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 ### Aztlan Combat Sports Lafayette

 We’re located at 1401 Sagamore Parkway North , stop by and say hello!
