---
source_url: http://www.kravoz.com/classes
final_url: https://kravoz.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:00.298Z
---

# Martial Arts Programs Available In Germantown

 Krav Maga

 Challenge yourself with real-world Krav Maga training and learn from the very best with these incredible classes in Germantown. We're changing the way you think about self-defense.
 Kids Martial Arts

 Take a different approach to Kids Martial Arts training today. We're bringing you Germantown's most comprehensive program for well-rounded growth in your child!
 Fitness Classes

 Build lean muscle and melt away fat with our fitness classes in Germantown. We'll help you see results like never before with a support system that offers you unwavering motivation.
 Knight Jiu-Jitsu ®

 Master a mix of martial arts through the renowned From The Ground Up self-defense system. Get started in Germantown today and protect yourself and your loved ones from any threat.
 SPARology™

 Master the art of sparring without the risk of injury with our cutting-edge program in Germantown. You'll learn every fundamental before moving on to more detailed instruction.
 Womens Self Defense

 Our comprehensive Women’s self-defense seminars run 4 hours and are available for groups ranging in numbers from 6-30 persons. Seminars cover not only the physically aspect of an attack but the psychological.
 Law Enforcement and Military Training

 Prepare for any situation or threat with our Law Enforcement and Military Training in Germantown. We're giving you the highest quality instruction to keep those on the front line safe at all times.
 Active Killer Defense

 We are proud to affiliate with and be certified by with Active Killer Defense (AKD) to offer classes in the DC area and North East region of the US.

 Krav Oz: The Strength Of The Fight
 Last month, I was only going to sign up my 12 year old son but decided to sign up after taking an introductory class. Every class is different and I am learning something new each time. Chantell and Ehren are awesome trainers that push us to do our best. I would definitely recommend Krav Oz LLC to my family and friends!

 I took a Women's Self Defense class with Chantell in July and instantly felt a need to continue. A few days later I signed a 12 month contract. I can't believe how far I've come since day one. Chantell and Ehren are amazing instructors. They are so passionate about what they do. Every class is better than the last. I’m constantly talking about my training with my friends and family. I would highly recommend Krav Oz LLC. I don’t know how they do it but I leave every class with a huge smile on my face. Thank you, Chantell and Ehren!

 I recently attended Krav Oz's Self Defense seminar in Rockville - and it was fantastic! A comprehensive four hours covering everything I could want, and at just the right speed to keep me and the other attendees challenged and engaged. From start to finish, Chantell and Ehren provided excellent instruction; without sacrificing the skill and passion they possess for their field, Chantell and Ehren created an encouraging and stimulating environment fueled by real life, practical examples in the lecture portion, and helpful analogies to make the defense moves in the self-defense portion hit home (pun intended). In short, this seminar was one from which all could benefit - whether you've never heard of Krav Maga, or have spent years on the mats. Can't wait to come check out a class!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
