---
source_url: http://www.kravoz.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts-
final_url: https://kravoz.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts-
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:00.700Z
---

# Germantown and Clarksburg Kids Self Defense Classes

 ## Building Well-Rounded Students With Krav Oz Kids Martial Arts Our kid's program is based on our Defensive Options ® program and is led by professional certified school counselor and Krav Maga instructor. We have a two-pronged focus to children's martial arts.
 1. Physical Skills necessary to teach students the physical skills necessary to protect themselves.
 2. Social-emotional learning is necessary to address the whole-child and improve assertiveness and conflict resolution skills to prevent violence and address bullying.
 Our program reinforces EARNED self-confidence, situational awareness, self-defense and leadership skills to allow your child to find their inner strength and mental resilience to face all of life’s challenges, on and off the mat. We offer a varied curriculum for kids ages 11-15, exposing kids to elements of Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu- jitsu , Krav Maga, and functional fitness!
 ## ## Physical Skills: - Prevention, avoidance, escape & evasion - Defending various types of unarmed attacks - Attacks and counterattacks - Escapes from chokes, holds and grabs. - Developing the ability to function effectively under stressful conditions
 ## Social/Emotional Skills: - Leadership - Confidence and ability to employ conflict-resolution tactics. - Verbal Assertiveness - Situational awareness - Avoiding and prevent bullying.
 We do not offer the watered down promises often associated with traditional martial arts, which are rarely delivered. But we do offer real self-defense and martial arts training designed to incorporate the whole child and ultimately strengthen their abilities and confidence for the long game, as we partner with you to raise a better more confident and responsible adult.
 ## We partner with our parents through: - Events - Seminars - Book Clubs - Parent coffees
 ## Learn More Today! If you are interested in learning more about our Kids Self Defense classes, please fill out the form on the side of this page. We look forward to hearing from you and can't wait to work with your child.

 #### Request More Information

 Krav Maga

 Challenge yourself with real-world Krav Maga training and learn from the very best with these incredible classes in Germantown. We're changing the way you think ...
 Kids Martial Arts

 Take a different approach to Kids Martial Arts training today. We're bringing you Germantown's most comprehensive program for well-rounded growth in your child! ...
 Fitness Classes

 Build lean muscle and melt away fat with our fitness classes in Germantown. We'll help you see results like never before with a support system that offers you u ...

 Krav Oz: The Strength Of The Fight
 Last month, I was only going to sign up my 12 year old son but decided to sign up after taking an introductory class. Every class is different and I am learning something new each time. Chantell and Ehren are awesome trainers that push us to do our best. I would definitely recommend Krav Oz LLC to my family and friends!

 I took a Women's Self Defense class with Chantell in July and instantly felt a need to continue. A few days later I signed a 12 month contract. I can't believe how far I've come since day one. Chantell and Ehren are amazing instructors. They are so passionate about what they do. Every class is better than the last. I’m constantly talking about my training with my friends and family. I would highly recommend Krav Oz LLC. I don’t know how they do it but I leave every class with a huge smile on my face. Thank you, Chantell and Ehren!

 I recently attended Krav Oz's Self Defense seminar in Rockville - and it was fantastic! A comprehensive four hours covering everything I could want, and at just the right speed to keep me and the other attendees challenged and engaged. From start to finish, Chantell and Ehren provided excellent instruction; without sacrificing the skill and passion they possess for their field, Chantell and Ehren created an encouraging and stimulating environment fueled by real life, practical examples in the lecture portion, and helpful analogies to make the defense moves in the self-defense portion hit home (pun intended). In short, this seminar was one from which all could benefit - whether you've never heard of Krav Maga, or have spent years on the mats. Can't wait to come check out a class!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
