---
source_url: http://www.kravoz.com/classes/Knight-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://kravoz.com/classes/Knight-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:01.068Z
---

# BJJ Based Grappling in Germantown and Clarksburg

 ## Learn To Fight From The Ground Up With BJJ Based Classes Knight Jiu-Jitsu ® (KJJ No pre-requisites): This class begins to answer the question, “What if the fight goes to the ground?” Under the direction of Eli Knight, A second-degree Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu black belt under Royce Gracie. Eli Knight is best known for his contributions to self-defense and adapting jiu-jitsu to suit the needs of a real-life altercation.
 ## Fit to Fight® has partnered with Eli Knight, Second Degree Black Belt under Royce Gracie to offer Knight Jiu-Jitsu as our no-gi ground fighting program. This curriculum is designed to tackle the omnipresent self-protection dilemma of ending up on the ground during an altercation. It prioritizes the tools realistically required to get up from the ground during an altercation when your attacker seeks to hold you there. Knight Jiu-Jitsu is a program that bridges the gap between being told it is imperative “to get back up” and how to actually accomplish that in real-time.
 Knight Jiu-Jitsu uses the best of wrestling and Brazilian jiu-jitsu, with an emphasis on the “goals” for ground fighting, as opposed to the goals for protracted grappling. Essentially, Knight Jiu-Jitsu is the absent modality for self-defense practitioners that do not want a sport/competition-based grappling program.
 ## Get Started Today With Training At Krav Oz Don't miss out on this incredible self-defense system. Just fill out the form on your screen to get started and we'll be in touch to answer all of your questions and get you signed up!
 Reserve Your Spot!

 #### Request More Information

 Krav Maga

 Challenge yourself with real-world Krav Maga training and learn from the very best with these incredible classes in Germantown. We're changing the way you think ...
 Kids Martial Arts

 Take a different approach to Kids Martial Arts training today. We're bringing you Germantown's most comprehensive program for well-rounded growth in your child! ...
 Fitness Classes

 Build lean muscle and melt away fat with our fitness classes in Germantown. We'll help you see results like never before with a support system that offers you u ...

 Krav Oz: The Strength Of The Fight
 Last month, I was only going to sign up my 12 year old son but decided to sign up after taking an introductory class. Every class is different and I am learning something new each time. Chantell and Ehren are awesome trainers that push us to do our best. I would definitely recommend Krav Oz LLC to my family and friends!

 I took a Women's Self Defense class with Chantell in July and instantly felt a need to continue. A few days later I signed a 12 month contract. I can't believe how far I've come since day one. Chantell and Ehren are amazing instructors. They are so passionate about what they do. Every class is better than the last. I’m constantly talking about my training with my friends and family. I would highly recommend Krav Oz LLC. I don’t know how they do it but I leave every class with a huge smile on my face. Thank you, Chantell and Ehren!

 I recently attended Krav Oz's Self Defense seminar in Rockville - and it was fantastic! A comprehensive four hours covering everything I could want, and at just the right speed to keep me and the other attendees challenged and engaged. From start to finish, Chantell and Ehren provided excellent instruction; without sacrificing the skill and passion they possess for their field, Chantell and Ehren created an encouraging and stimulating environment fueled by real life, practical examples in the lecture portion, and helpful analogies to make the defense moves in the self-defense portion hit home (pun intended). In short, this seminar was one from which all could benefit - whether you've never heard of Krav Maga, or have spent years on the mats. Can't wait to come check out a class!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
