---
source_url: http://www.kravoz.com/classes/Law-Enforcement-and-Military-Training
final_url: https://kravoz.com/classes/Law-Enforcement-and-Military-Training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:01.455Z
---

# Germantown and Clarksburg Law Enforcement & Military Training

 ## Learn the Combat Skills to Help Make Sure You Come Home Every Night As a law enforcement officer, you know that there has never been a time of more scrutiny on your actions than the present. Unfortunately, that additional scrutiny does not affect the potential violent situations that you may encounter on any given shift. Even harder is that, many times, departments only emphasize specific tools to account for your annual defensive tactics training and what could save your life one day. What this leaves is a very small set of tools to respond to a vast use of force spectrum.

 ## Law Enforcement Training That Is Proven And Tested Understanding the constraints you’re under and the situations you may meet, we place your training at the highest levels of importance. Working with you to understand your specific use of force policies, Krav Oz partners with you to understand your exact needs and tailors training to you and your colleagues/department.
 So where you have gaps between what you’re trained on and what reality calls for, Krav Oz fills those holes helping ensure you return home safely to your family after every shift. The Law Enforcement Instructors at Krav Oz have worked with Law Enforcement and Military agencies throughout the country to address their specific job-related needs, including instruction in:
 - Strikes and personal weapon use - Defense against common attacks - Combat grappling - Weapon defenses - Weapon retention - Open-hand leads - Arrest and control
 ## Book Your Law Enforcement and Military Training Today! Don't get caught off guard. Prepare yourself and your team today with our Law Enforcement training in Germantown today.
 To get started or to learn more about the many classes we have to offer at Krav Oz, just fill out the short form on your screen today. We'll answer all of your questions and get you all signed up!

 #### Request More Information

 Krav Maga

 Challenge yourself with real-world Krav Maga training and learn from the very best with these incredible classes in Germantown. We're changing the way you think ...
 Kids Martial Arts

 Take a different approach to Kids Martial Arts training today. We're bringing you Germantown's most comprehensive program for well-rounded growth in your child! ...
 Fitness Classes

 Build lean muscle and melt away fat with our fitness classes in Germantown. We'll help you see results like never before with a support system that offers you u ...

 Krav Oz: The Strength Of The Fight
 Last month, I was only going to sign up my 12 year old son but decided to sign up after taking an introductory class. Every class is different and I am learning something new each time. Chantell and Ehren are awesome trainers that push us to do our best. I would definitely recommend Krav Oz LLC to my family and friends!

 I took a Women's Self Defense class with Chantell in July and instantly felt a need to continue. A few days later I signed a 12 month contract. I can't believe how far I've come since day one. Chantell and Ehren are amazing instructors. They are so passionate about what they do. Every class is better than the last. I’m constantly talking about my training with my friends and family. I would highly recommend Krav Oz LLC. I don’t know how they do it but I leave every class with a huge smile on my face. Thank you, Chantell and Ehren!

 I recently attended Krav Oz's Self Defense seminar in Rockville - and it was fantastic! A comprehensive four hours covering everything I could want, and at just the right speed to keep me and the other attendees challenged and engaged. From start to finish, Chantell and Ehren provided excellent instruction; without sacrificing the skill and passion they possess for their field, Chantell and Ehren created an encouraging and stimulating environment fueled by real life, practical examples in the lecture portion, and helpful analogies to make the defense moves in the self-defense portion hit home (pun intended). In short, this seminar was one from which all could benefit - whether you've never heard of Krav Maga, or have spent years on the mats. Can't wait to come check out a class!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
