---
source_url: http://www.kravoz.com
final_url: https://kravoz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:01.797Z
---

# Welcome to Krav Oz, Maryland's only Fit to Fight® school for real Krav Maga, Self-defense and Fitness! A safer stronger you starts now! Develop Your Strength inside and out for Your Fight..whatever that may be.

 ### Get Started Today! Request Information Now!

 ## Krav Oz We don’t empower – We uncover power!

 Krav Oz is Montgomery County’s premier Krav Maga school. No matter your background or level of experience, our nationally certified instructors will develop you into a confident self-defense practitioner. As a part of the Krav Oz family, you will gain more strength mentally and physically, crash through more perceived barriers, and set higher expectations for yourself than you ever thought possible. But as humbled as we are to partner with you in your self-defense and fitness journey, the reality is that any growth you’ll experience was already within you. Our job is merely to show you what you’re capable of and then show you how much further you can still go!
 Request Information Now!
 1 #### Our Expert Team The team here at Krav Oz brings you more than a lifetime of experience in martial arts with expertise from Krav Maga to Muay Thai and Judo. We are truly passionate about teaching true self-defense and making it accessible to everyone, no matter your level of experience, age, or previous training.

 2 #### Our Core Values Our core values are rooted in professionalism, partnership, and perseverance. We view our members as family and give our best every day to make you stronger and safer.

 3 #### Our Mission Our dedication is to showing you that “good enough” is never good enough; that going the extra step is always worth it; that change is hard but great things were never achieved without hard work and dedication. Our goal is to help reveal your inner strength to use in every aspect of your life.

 ## REAL PEOPLE REAL RESULTS ### Denise Castro Last month, I was only going to sign up my 12 year old son but decided to sign up after taking an introductory class. Every class is different and I am learning something new each time. Chantell and Ehren are awesome trainers that push us to do our best. I would definitely recommend Krav Oz LLC to m.... Read more

 ### Elizabeth Ibanez I took a Women's Self Defense class with Chantell in July and instantly felt a need to continue. A few days later I signed a 12 month contract. I can't believe how far I've come since day one. Chantell and Ehren are amazing instructors. They are so passionate about what they do. Every class is bette.... Read more

 ### Katie Barnett I recently attended Krav Oz's Self Defense seminar in Rockville - and it was fantastic! A comprehensive four hours covering everything I could want, and at just the right speed to keep me and the other attendees challenged and engaged. From start to finish, Chantell and Ehren provided excellent inst.... Read more

 See our Testimonials

 ## Krav Maga Challenge yourself with real-world Krav Maga training and learn from the very best with these incredible classes in Germantown. We're changing the way you think about self-defense.

 Learn more

 ## Kids Martial Arts Take a different approach to Kids Martial Arts training today. We're bringing you Germantown's most comprehensive program for well-rounded growth in your child!

 Learn more

 ## Fitness Classes Build lean muscle and melt away fat with our fitness classes in Germantown. We'll help you see results like never before with a support system that offers you unwavering motivation.

 Learn more

 Krav Oz: The Strength Of The Fight
 ## Our Affiliates We are proud to be affiliates of the below Krav Maga organizations

 #### Fit to Fight® Fit to Fight® is an unconventional organization, an eccentric family, in a traditional and habitual industry. Fit To Fight® is the neon orange Crayon, in a box of grays. In a world where "lineage" determines good from bad, and ranking takes precedence over practicality, Fit To Fight® place a premium on what works now and strives for better, always.

 #### StrikeFit® StrikeFit® is our exclusive heavy bag workout developed by Krav Maga Alliance. This high energy kickboxing program isn’t just “cardio kickboxing.” StrikeFit® is an all-around workout that includes incorporating striking combinations combined with everything from kettle bells to medicine balls, plyometrics to wind sprints.

 #### The Pekiti Tirsia Tactical Association The Pekiti Tirsia Tactical Association was founded by Tuhon Jared Wihongi in 2002. The idea of an association dedicated to the tactical application of Pekiti-Tirsia was based on Tuhon Jared’s extensive background as a Police Trainer, SWAT Operator and an Army Special Forces Combatives Instructor.

 #### Survival Edge Tactical Systems Survival Edge Tactical Systems was founded in 2006 by then full-time Police Officer Jared Wihongi in response to requests for his training services by a local Army Special Forces unit. Since then, and with the help of business partner Geoff Perrin, the company has grown to encompass multiple facets of tactical training, consulting and professional services.

 Last month, I was only going to sign up my 12 year old son but decided to sign up after taking an introductory class. Every class is different and I am learning something new each time. Chantell and Ehren are awesome trainers that push us to do our best. I would definitely recommend Krav Oz LLC to my family and friends!

 I took a Women's Self Defense class with Chantell in July and instantly felt a need to continue. A few days later I signed a 12 month contract. I can't believe how far I've come since day one. Chantell and Ehren are amazing instructors. They are so passionate about what they do. Every class is better than the last. I’m constantly talking about my training with my friends and family. I would highly recommend Krav Oz LLC. I don’t know how they do it but I leave every class with a huge smile on my face. Thank you, Chantell and Ehren!

 I recently attended Krav Oz's Self Defense seminar in Rockville - and it was fantastic! A comprehensive four hours covering everything I could want, and at just the right speed to keep me and the other attendees challenged and engaged. From start to finish, Chantell and Ehren provided excellent instruction; without sacrificing the skill and passion they possess for their field, Chantell and Ehren created an encouraging and stimulating environment fueled by real life, practical examples in the lecture portion, and helpful analogies to make the defense moves in the self-defense portion hit home (pun intended). In short, this seminar was one from which all could benefit - whether you've never heard of Krav Maga, or have spent years on the mats. Can't wait to come check out a class!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
