---
source_url: http://www.teamkumajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.teamkumajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:02.032Z
---

# Team Kuma Jiu Jitsu Academy Downers Grove Whether you’re stepping on the mats for the first time, sharpening your skills, or already a seasoned black belt, Kuma offers a welcoming and driven community to push you toward your goals. Our Brazilian jiu jitsu instructors bring years of teaching and competition experience, making sure every roll helps you grow stronger — on and off the mats.

 Start for free

 ## About Our Jiu Jitsu Academy Team Kuma Jiu-Jitsu offers programs tailored to your goals, whether you aim to compete, master self-defense, or enhance physical fitness. Located on Butterfield Road near I-355, our clean, hygienic training facility provides a safe environment for practice. Our experienced BJJ instructors prioritize safety and uphold the highest training standards. At Team Kuma, we foster a supportive, non-judgmental community where you can challenge yourself, grow with confidence, and thrive. Emphasizing respect and sportsmanship, our inclusive culture welcomes all. Ready to start? Contact us or book your FREE class today. We look forward to welcoming you to our mats!
 Start for free

 ## Jiu Jitsu Classes Downers Grove ### All Levels The All-Levels Program gives students the opportunity to take their game to the next level through an in-depth exploration of more intermediate-advanced jiu jitsu techniques and instruction. Students will also receive an extensive education into modern jiu jitsu practice. This Jiu Jitsu Class is perfect for all ages, competitors and non-competitors.
 See More

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu Program At Team Kuma Jiu Jitsu in Downers Grove our exciting Jiu Jitsu program for kids is the perfect companion to help you raise a strong, confident leader, teaching confidence, focus & self-defense skills. In our Jiu Jitsu classes for kids, students will learn valuable self-defense skills, improve their physical fitness, and develop discipline and confidence. This class is exciting and fun yet very structured, with a focus on making it easy for kids to learn and enjoy themselves while learning Jiu jitsu roots and discipline.
 See More

 ### Jiu Jitsu for Beginners Our intro to jiujitsu program gives new students the knowledge of the most fundamental self-defense and Jiu-Jitsu techniques to help them develop a strong.
 See More

 ## Our Gallery

 ## Our Affiliations Be a part of Chicago’s #1 Jiu Jitsu Team! Team Kuma is an affiliate of New Breed Training Center and competes under Tac Team Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF) level.

 ## Reviews Don't just take our word for it. See what hundreds of others are saying.

 Amir experience shows in their teaching. Amir teaches in a way that is engaging to all skill levels. I feel every welcomed coming for classes, including fundamentals and the competition ones. Prices are very reasonable and have value. Highly recommend it.

 ### Cameron Ryan

 I've visited many jiujitsu schools over the last few years, and Team Kuma Jiu Jitsu is far the best for me. Amir and Lexi are the best instructors! Top notch as well! Everyone in the gym are very competitive and friendly. Would highly recommend!

 ### Kelly Stone

 Coach Amir leads a thoughtful and technical class where I’m consistently learning new techniques while reinforcing foundational skills. The school fosters a positive environment with great training partners, and I always feel safe and supported. I highly recommend it.

 ### ‍Josh Hughes

 Amir is one of the toughest black belts in Chicago, but also one of the nicest and most friendly guys you will ever train with. Having trained at several high level gyms from coast to coast, I would strongly recommend Team Kuma for athletes of all levels.

 ### Azlaan Fazal

 I made Team Kuma my home gym after moving to the area for work. Professor Amir is a great instructor and has been a fantastic resource in my 2 months training here. I highly recommend coming in to try a class here whether you’ve trained or you haven’t!

 ### ‍Porter Giles

 Amir is one the best and most technical grapplers I have ever had the honor of training with. His talent and technique translate perfectly into a teaching environment and the culture he is establishing at Team Kuma will be something to watch for years to come.

 ### Kelly Woyna

 Our daughter has found her spot! The coaches are incredible. Patient, attentive, fun and overall outstanding! We are continually impressed and love that we found such an awesome BJJ community for our daughter who’s love for the sport grows each week at Kuma.

 ### Katelyn Pantke

 Amir experience shows in their teaching. Amir teaches in a way that is engaging to all skill levels. I feel every welcomed coming for classes, including fundamentals and the competition ones. Prices are very reasonable and have value. Highly recommend it.

 ### Colin Kelly

 Had a fantastic time today as Team Kuma hosted an event for Cub Scout Pack 73 of Wheaton! Coach Amir was incredible with all the scouts and even I (as a 5 year den leader) got some great tips in getting the kids engaged and focused on their activities ❤️

 ### Alex Ward

 Amazing place to train! Very comfortable environment, everyone is friendly, the gym is very clean and very well taken care of. Knowledgeable instructor with lots of experience and accolades. Patient and caring with kids. If you are in the area definitely worth checking it out!

 ### Timur Slepkanev

 Absolute great gym! Amir always makes me feel great when I’m training there and he is always helping me out with any moves I need. Not only does he help me out every time but you can tell he really cares about his students and always wants to see them do good

 ### Steve Zigari

 Team Kuma is a great place! Wonderful facility and amazing group of people. Coach Amir is one of the best! He is super knowledgeable and great at jiu jitsu! The team is super welcoming and I look forward to coming in and getting to train

 ### Steve Zigari

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 ### What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ)?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art focusing on ground fighting and submission grappling. It teaches techniques for self-defense, controlling opponents, and applying submissions like joint locks and chokes. BJJ emphasizes leverage, technique, and strategy over strength.

 ### Do I need any experience to start training at Team Kuma?
 No experience is required! Team Kuma offers programs for beginners, with classes designed to help you build foundational skills and progress at your own pace. Our experienced instructors will guide you through the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 ### Can kids join the Jiu Jitsu program at Team Kuma?
 Yes! We offer a dedicated Kids Jiu Jitsu Program where children can learn valuable self-defense skills, improve their fitness, and develop discipline, confidence, and focus. Our classes are fun, engaging, and structured to ensure kids enjoy their learning experience.

 ### What should I wear to my first Jiu Jitsu class?
 For your first class, we recommend wearing comfortable athletic wear such as a t-shirt and shorts or sweatpants. If you decide to continue, we will guide you on purchasing the proper Jiu Jitsu gi (kimono) for training.

 ### Is it safe to train at Team Kuma Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes! Safety is our top priority. Our instructors emphasize proper techniques, control, and respect during every class. Our facility is clean and hygienic, and we provide a safe and supportive environment where students of all skill levels can train with confidence.

 ### How can I sign up for a class at Team Kuma?
 Signing up is easy! You can contact us directly or book your FREE class through our website. We offer a variety of programs to suit your goals, whether you're new to Jiu Jitsu or looking to take your skills to the next level.

 ### Do I need to compete in Jiu Jitsu tournaments?
 No, competition is optional at Team Kuma. While we offer advanced training for those interested in competing, many students train simply for fitness, self-defense, or personal growth. You can progress at your own pace and choose whether or not to compete.

 ## Contact US Send us a message and we'll get back to you as soon as we can!

 Name Phone Number Email Address Your Message Thank you! Your submission has been received! We'll be in touch soon!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 1311 Butterfield Rd #310, Downers Grove,
 IL 60515, United States
 ‍
 General Inquiries: (224) 875-0030
 Customer Support: (224) 875-0030

 About Classes Instructors Reviews Schedule Contact US

 Copyright © 2024 Team Kuma Jiu Jitsu
