---
source_url: http://www.301mmagym.com/programs-updated.html
final_url: https://www.301mmagym.com/programs-updated.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:00.939Z
---

- HOME - FREE TRIAL - SCHEDULE - PROGRAMS - ABOUT - TESTIMONIALS - CONTACT

 Menu

 ## PROGRAMS TINY NINJAS ​Ages 3-5 The Tiny Ninja program is designed to introduce the basic movements of jiu jitsu in a fun and safe environment while also focusing on building confidence and self- awareness. Classes are 30 minutes long and offer movement-based activities and games to help the toddlers develop coordination, balance, and basic self-defense skills. This program will prepare the toddlers for our kids jiu jitsu program. ADULT BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Ages 16+ Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) classes include both Gi and No Gi. Classes are designed to support first time learners as well as seasoned practitioners. Training sessions include instruction on fundamental and advanced techniques with an emphasis on situational sparring. Our structured approach ensures a supportive and challenging environment for all skill levels. Adult Striking/MMA Ages 16+ Our striking program blends the fundamentals of boxing, kickboxing, and MMA to create a dynamic and effective training experience. Classes are structured to support those at various levels. Each session focuses on developing technique, timing, and footwork while providing a cardiovascular workout that builds strength, endurance, and confidence.Train in multiple striking disciplines with a focus on technique, conditioning, and real-world application. Great for beginners and experienced athletes looking to improve skill and endurance. | KIDS BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Ages 6-12 Children will learn core techniques of BJJ in both Gi and No Gi classes. Classes are age-appropriate and skill-based, helping kids grow mentally and physically while improving focus, balance, and coordination. Classes are structured through movement based activities/games, drills, and live sparring. KIDS STRIKING/MMA Ages 6-12 Classes support kids in building striking fundamentals through pad work, drills, and controlled technique-based training. This program improves self-control and situational awareness and self defense application in a safe and supportive environment. SHREDDED Ages 16+ Shredded is a high-performance strength training program designed to build muscle, enhance coordination, and improve overall balance. This class combines effective training methods to help you look and feel your best while boosting athletic performance, achieving a lean, sculpted physique, and supporting injury prevention. | TEENS BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Ages 13-16 Designed specifically for teens, this program bridges the gap between youth and adult training. Both No Gi and Gi classes are available and focus on technique, strategy, and live application while building discipline and self-confidence. TEENS STRIKING/MMA Ages 13-16 Designed specifically for teens, this program bridges the gap between youth and adult training. Teens learn the fundamentals of striking and MMA through pad work, drills, and controlled technique-based training. This program supports the teens in situational and body awareness while in a safe and supportive environment. PRIVATES/SMALL GROUP All ages One-on-one or small group instruction in BJJ (Gi or No Gi), striking/MMA, or strength training to accelerate progress and focus on individual goals. Each session will be specific to the individual or small group. Private lessons are appropriate for beginners, competitors, or anyone seeking personalized coaching in a private setting. Please contact staff to discuss pricing and scheduling.
