---
source_url: https://believejiujitsu.com/class-schedule
final_url: https://believejiujitsu.com/class-schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:50.919Z
---

-
 - - Home - About - CLASS SCHEDULE - Contact

 ## Class Schedule

 Flexible Classes That Fit Real Life
 Train on multiple days and times without reshaping your schedule.
 At BELIEVE JIU-JITSU, every 60-minute class is more than a workout. You unplug, sharpen focus, build confidence, and release stress.
 You’ll leave clearer, calmer, and stronger than when you arrived.

 ## OUR CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## MONDAY

 - Homeschool GI10:00 am - Adults & Teens (All Levels GI)12:00 pm - Little Kids Class (Ages 5-7) GI4:15 pm - Big Kids Class (Ages 8-13) GI5:00 pm - Adults & Teens (Basics)6:00 pm - Advanced Adults & Teens (Blue Belts and Above)7:00 pm

 ## TUESDAY

 - Adults & Teens (NO GI All Levels)8:00 pm

 ## WEDNESDAY

 - Homeschool NOGI10:00 am - Adults & Teens (NO GI All Levels)12:00 pm - Adults & Teens (NO GI All Levels)8:00 pm

 ## THURSDAY

 - Adults & Teens (NO GI All Levels)8:00 pm

 ## FRIDAY

 - Homeschool Gi10:00am - Little Kids Class (Ages 5-7) GI4:15 pm - Big Kids Class (Ages 8-13) GI5:00 pm - Adults & Teens (All Levels GI)12:00 pm - Adults & Teens (Basics)6:00 pm - Advanced Adults & Teens (Blue Belts and Above)7:00 pm

 ## SATURDAY

 - All Kids Gi9:00 am - Open Mat3:00 pm

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## OUR LOCATION

 117 N. Creek Dr. unit B Summerville, SC 29486

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I’ve been at Believe BJJ since the doors opened, and love this school/community… Professor Randy and family are the most compassionate human beings, and whose efforts in teaching exceed expectations. You’re not just students… You are family. I BELIEVE! 👽 …
 Read more
 Clay Morton II

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Incredible instructors, family friendly, beginner friendly, competitive, all the good things!! Highly highly highly recommend trying this academy for bjj!! The professor and his wife are the kindest, most helpful, encouraging people and you won’t regret it!
 Read more
 LeighAnn Klinar

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I absolutely love it here! As a woman everyone works to make you feel comfortable and included. Professor Randy is an amazing instructor and flavia is so welcoming!! Definitely recommend for anyone even a tiny bit interested in seeing what bjj is about!
 Read more
 Kyra-Nicole Hladczuk

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 The best there is! Both the instruction, care and attention given by Professor Randy, Coach Flavia and the Believe Team is impeccable. My kids love attending their practice, they are learning incredible life long skills and having fun doing it. This is a safe, rewarding and positive environment, wouldn’t go anywhere else!
 Read more
 Jo Levy

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Our kiddo has been going to Believe Jiu Jitsu since they opened. Professor Randy’s teaching style and ability to meet each child where they are at in their abilities has led to Noah being engaged and committed to class. Noah thrives under the structured but fun teaching style at this gym.
 Read more
 Brenda Barber

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Randy is an outstanding coach! I highly recommend him to anyone in the area. He teaches excellent techniques, and I truly enjoyed every practice I attended. Randy loves the sport of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. I truly feel his passion in there with every class he teaches. The team at Believe Jiu Jitsu is fantastic. Everyone is incredibly welcoming!
 Read more
 Slade Miller

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## COMPANY

 ABOUT US
 OUR SCHEDULE
 TESTIMONIALS

 ## SUPPORT

 CONTACT US
 SUPPORT

 ## LEGAL

 TERMS & CONDITIONS
 PRIVACY POLICY

 © Copyright 2026. Believe Brazillian Jiu Jitsu. All Rights Reserved | Powered by MMA Marketing Pro .
