---
source_url: https://believejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://believejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:50.999Z
---

-
 - - Home - About - CLASS SCHEDULE - Contact

 ## BELIEVE JIU-JITSU

 ## THE #1 JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN Summerville, SC

 We Teach You How to Become an Expert at Self-Defense Using Jiu-Jitsu

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## How Does The Free Trial Class Work?

 - STEP 1: Click The "Book Your Free Class" Button And Fill Out The Form on This Page - STEP 2: Choose The Class Calendar & Pick a Date & Time on Our Calendar - STEP 3: You’ll Get an Email and SMS Confirmation With All the Details.

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ## ADULTS & TEENS JIU-JITSU

 We are a Gi and NoGi school. We provide a beginners program that dives into the basic key components and systems of Submission Grappling.
 A step up from that is the advanced class, where we spend a little more time going over the finer details and options as well as what to look for when setting traps.
 Whether you're a beginner or experienced, both programs are available.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## KIDS JIU-JITSU

 Two engaging Kids Jiu-Jitsu Programs tailored for different age groups. The Little Kids Program (Ages 5-7) introduces young children to Jiu-Jitsu through fun, age-appropriate activities, focusing on coordination, basic techniques, and building confidence.
 The Kids Program (Ages 7-12) emphasizes skill development, self-defense, and teamwork, helping older kids grow physically and mentally in a supportive environment. Both programs promote discipline, respect, and a love for martial arts, making them ideal for kids in Summerville. Enroll your child today to help them build confidence and lifelong skills!

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## UNIFORM POLICY

 - Our uniform policy is black and white Gi only & black no Gi only. During all classes basics, fundamentals and advanced classes we require WHITE and Black uniforms. For Open Mat any color Gi and No Gi is acceptable. This helps promote and healthy and clean appearance, but it also help with uniformity. - We do not require you to purchase Our brand uniforms, but we ask it be free of Other Academy Brands and Logos. - 🛸 👽 🙏We ask that all uniforms be cleaned before and after training, especially if you are training more than 1x a day.

 We ask you to used a rash guard under kimono
 NO GI dress codes policy is black shorts and rash guard. We highly recommend using spats or compression pants and rash guard to reduce the spread skin irritation and infections. (Males)YOU MUST WEAR SHORT OVER YOUR LEG COMPRESSIONS

 ## OUR LOCATION

 117 N. Creek Dr. unit B Summerville, SC 29486

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I’ve been at Believe BJJ since the doors opened, and love this school/community… Professor Randy and family are the most compassionate human beings, and whose efforts in teaching exceed expectations. You’re not just students… You are family. I BELIEVE! 👽 …
 Read more
 Clay Morton II

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Incredible instructors, family friendly, beginner friendly, competitive, all the good things!! Highly highly highly recommend trying this academy for bjj!! The professor and his wife are the kindest, most helpful, encouraging people and you won’t regret it!
 Read more
 LeighAnn Klinar

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I absolutely love it here! As a woman everyone works to make you feel comfortable and included. Professor Randy is an amazing instructor and flavia is so welcoming!! Definitely recommend for anyone even a tiny bit interested in seeing what bjj is about!
 Read more
 Kyra-Nicole Hladczuk

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 The best there is! Both the instruction, care and attention given by Professor Randy, Coach Flavia and the Believe Team is impeccable. My kids love attending their practice, they are learning incredible life long skills and having fun doing it. This is a safe, rewarding and positive environment, wouldn’t go anywhere else!
 Read more
 Jo Levy

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Our kiddo has been going to Believe Jiu Jitsu since they opened. Professor Randy’s teaching style and ability to meet each child where they are at in their abilities has led to Noah being engaged and committed to class. Noah thrives under the structured but fun teaching style at this gym.
 Read more
 Brenda Barber

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Randy is an outstanding coach! I highly recommend him to anyone in the area. He teaches excellent techniques, and I truly enjoyed every practice I attended. Randy loves the sport of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. I truly feel his passion in there with every class he teaches. The team at Believe Jiu Jitsu is fantastic. Everyone is incredibly welcoming!
 Read more
 Slade Miller

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## COMPANY

 ABOUT US
 OUR SCHEDULE
 TESTIMONIALS

 ## SUPPORT

 CONTACT US
 SUPPORT

 ## LEGAL

 TERMS & CONDITIONS
 PRIVACY POLICY

 © Copyright 2026. Believe Brazillian Jiu Jitsu. All Rights Reserved | Powered by MMA Marketing Pro .
