---
source_url: https://ugainternational.com/uga/ola/services/personal-private-training
final_url: https://ugainternational.com/uga/ola/services/personal-private-training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:03.384Z
---

# UNIVERSAL GRAPPLING ACADEMY #### WHAT WE DO Mixed Martial Arts and Sports Conditioning.
 Building Confidence, Courage and Self Esteem for Kids and Adults
 Fitness Training, Weight Control and Bully Prevention.
 Classes or Personal / Private Training.
 Personal Growth & Development
 Life Coach / Peer Counseling

 #### CURRENT - TRANSPARENT - PRICING $100 Enrollment Fee Included
 Children - $250 to Start & $125 Monthly.
 Adults - $350 to Start & $150 Monthly.
 No Contract Monthly Rate - $180
 1-Day Trial Class is $25

 The Start Up cost Includes your First Month, Team Shirt and Mat Socks

 WHAT YOU'LL BE LEARNING AND PRACTICING

 Wrestling (Freestyle, Greco Roman, Catch Wrestling), Judo, Jiujitsu, KickBoxing, Sambo, Cage Combat Skills , Ring Control, Weight Management, Women’s Self Defense, Anti-Bully Techniques, Safety and Awareness Techniques, Improved Confidence, Leadership Skills and more..

 #### TRAINING IS FOR Children - Ages 4+ / Men and Women
 Corporate Employees / First Responders
 Anybody willing / wanting to Improve their Physical and Mental Fitness

 #### DAYS AND HOURS OF OPERATION Class Setting Times - Monday thru Thursday
 Doors Open at 4pm

 Kids - 5pm / Adults - 7pm

 Open Mat - Saturday 10am

 Personal / Private Training - By Appointment

 #### LOCATION ADDRESS AND PHONE NUMBER Victorville - 15370 Cholame Rd. #6 Victorville, California 92392
 (760) 241-1899

 #### OPERATIONS TEAM Tyson Johnson - Head Coach
 Teen Youth Captain - J.J. Martin
 Operations Manager, Marketing and Human Resources
 - Certified Program Instructor / Fitness Manager
 - Alan - Member Services
 - PTA - Danielle

 #### ABOUT OUR LOCATION(S) Victorville - 30 years in the High Desert area, Most Award Winning Facility (Gym of the Year / Business Hall of Fame), Developer of the most Regional, National and World Champions in the HD.

 #### VIEW US, LIKE US, FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook - Ugamma
 Instagram - universal_grappling_academy

 #### ASK ABOUT OUR SPRING SPECIALS Mention this Ad when signing up on your first visit and see what we’re giving away.

 ## Special Events / News
 ### March 14, 2026

 #### The Gladiator Challenge #### 6pm - 10pm

 Victorville, CA.
 Event Details

 ### March 14, 2026

 #### The Gladiator Challenge Join us at the San Bernardino County Fairgrounds in Victorville, CA. For 17 exciting MMA fights. Hosted by “The IronMan“ Tyson Johnson.

 #### 6pm - 10pm

 Victorville, CA.

 ### May 16, 2026

 #### The Return of Tachi Palace Fights #### 6pm - 10pm

 Lemoore, CA.
 Event Details

 ### May 16, 2026

 #### The Return of Tachi Palace Fights Join us at the Tachi Palace Casino Resort in Lemoore, California as they bring back the world famous Tachi Palace Fights. An all Pro Event w...

 Event Details

 #### 6pm - 10pm

 Lemoore, CA.

 ### 2022 Business Hall of Fame / 2023 Gym of the Year - - - - -

 #### Welcome to the Universal Grappling Academy We are here to help you “Find Your Power to Improve”
 We Train Ordinary People to be Extraordinary Athletes

 ## Join our Team / Join our Family #### Family Training is What We’re About

 #### Children’s Program

 #### Adult Program

 ## Contact Us

 #### For More Information on How to Join Up Name*

 Phone*

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Be Stronger than Your Excuses We are here to assist you in reaching your Martial Arts, Fitness and/or Self Defense Goals. Let’s get started Today for a better You Tomorrow..

 #### UNIVERSAL GRAPPLING ACADEMY 15370 Cholame Road, Victorville, California 92392, United States
 (760) 241-1899

 #### Hours of Operation Monday - Thursday: 4pm - 9pm

 Kids Program - 5pm
 Adult Program - 7pm

 Open Mat - Saturday: 10am - 12pm

 Personal / Private Training - By Appointment

 Get directions

 ## Help Our UGA Kids Your support and contributions for our Children's program will enable us to provide uniforms and improve training equipment. Your generous donation will fund our mission. Our Community Children "Thank You"

 Donate Now

 ###### Nothing could be better than a gift of Health and Safety ## Gift Cards Send a gift card to friends and family or buy it now for your future use.

 Buy Now

 ## Members Who Want to Be Owners ### Grab International Interest ### Generate International Excitement ### Generate International Excitement
 World Wide Marketing will gain International Interest for every facility.

 We are licensing facilities throughout the world.

 Be the first in your area to license with us and claim your territory.

 ### Generate International Excitement ### Generate International Excitement ### Generate International Excitement
 If the People of the World can’t come to the UGA, We’ll bring the UGA to the People of the World!

 License U.G.A. International across the Globe.

 ### Let's Close the Deal ### Generate International Excitement ### Let's Close the Deal
 When You get Serious, Let’s get Started!

 UGA Licensing is an MMA & Sports Conditioning Brand designed to help Fitness-Based businesses gain and retain additional revenue.

 Contact us Today to claim your area and join our global network.

 ### UGA International Sub-Divisions
