---
source_url: http://www.vivermma.com
final_url: https://www.vivermma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:40.719Z
---

## Why Martial Arts at Viver MMA?

 ### Get to Know Us
 At Viver MMA
 We foster a community of family first. Our coaches are committed to creating an atmosphere where everyone is accepted and comfortable in the academy. We are here to support you in the pursuit of your goals, whether that be taking your first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, competing in a tournament, or by joining our Viver Eagles kids program.

 ## Adult Programs
 BJJ Fundamentals

 Learn and practice the basics of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. This is an all levels class and benefits every bjj practitioner from beginner to the most experienced.

 BJJ Creatives

 Your bjj/your time. This is an open mat no gi format class for all levels. Work with your training partners, ask questions, try out new techniques.

 Kickboxing

 We offer kickboxing every day of the week. You will learn proper striking and kicking techniques, and have the opportunity to try out your skills during partner sparring. All levels welcome.

 Yoga

 Flow with Julia Mariani 200-Hour RYT, bringing strong dynamic flows that build strength, mobility, and focus. Expect breath-driven movement that leaves you feeling powerful, grounded, and calm —on and off the mat.

 Trial Class

 ## Meet Our Team
 Marcelo de Oliveira

 Head Instructor

 Felicia, Lalia &
 Eva

 Junior Kids Coaches

 Dr. Naoto Ohashi

 Physical Therapist

 # Schedule

 ## Frequently asked questions
 FAQs

 ### Why is it important to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?

 We feel it is important for everybody to train Bjj because of the benefits you will see in your life outside of the academy. A consistent training practice will lead to more confidence in yourself and your abilities which you will bring to all other areas of your life.

 ### How long do the classes usually run?

 You can expect an average kickboxing class to run 75 minutes. An average BJJ classes runs for 90 minutes.

 ### How many classes can I come to each week?

 Your membership includes all of the classes on our schedule as well as access to our fully equipped fitness area. To see progress we recommend you train 3x a week.

 ### Do I have to be in shape to begin Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?

 No! Come as you are. The hardest part of getting started on your Jiu Jitsu journey is walking in the door.

 ### Am I too old to do Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Viver MMA?

 Absolutely not! At Viver MMA, we welcome students of all ages, shapes, sizes, and skill levels. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a fantastic martial art for people of all ages, and we have a diverse group of students ranging from kids to older adults. Our experienced instructors understand the unique needs and concerns of older students and will work with you to help you achieve your goals safely and effectively. Whether you are looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense skills, or simply enjoy the camaraderie of our friendly community, we are confident that you will find a welcoming home at Viver MMA. So no matter how old you are, come join us on the mat and experience the many benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu!

 ### Do women typically participate in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Viver MMA?

 Yes, women are definitely encouraged to participate in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Viver MMA. In fact, our classes are designed to be inclusive and welcoming to people of all genders, ages, and skill levels. We believe that everyone should have the opportunity to learn self-defense techniques and improve their physical fitness through martial arts training. Our instructors are highly trained and experienced, and they are committed to creating a safe and supportive environment for all of our students. We offer a range of classes, from beginner to advanced, and our staff are always available to answer questions and provide guidance to help you progress in your training. So whether you are a woman looking to start your martial arts journey, or a seasoned athlete looking to take your skills to the next level, Viver MMA is the perfect place for you!

 # Contact
 Mon-Fri 8:30am-2:00pm & 4:00-8:30pm
 Sat 8:30am-1:00pm | Sun 10:00am-1:00pm
 617-637-8556 | info@vivermma.com
 1580 VFW Parkway, West Roxbury, MA 02132

 Get In Touch
