---
source_url: http://www.oakcreekmartialarts.com/
final_url: https://oakcreekmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:26.694Z
---

# Discover the champion in you at Championship Martial Arts of Oak Creek Get started today with our Exclusive Web Special! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY

 # Discover the champion in you at Championship Martial Arts of Oak Creek Get started today with our Exclusive Web Special! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kid’s Karate Adult Martial Arts Kickboxing -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Championship Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## WELCOME TO CHAMPIONSHIP MARTIAL ARTS OF OAK CREEK We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Championship Martial Arts, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Kid’s Karate
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Adult Martial Arts
 Martial arts classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 Kickboxing
 Get in the best shape of your life with our Kickboxing classes. Fitness goes to a new level with full-body workouts while learning how to fight.
 View Program

 Build character and leadership qualities
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KIDS MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Joy Piepenhagen They don't just teach your children moves, they teach them values. They teach them to respect others as well as themselves. They learn to accept others as they are and just get along together. It's a beautiful thing to watch!

 Yamo Shaiosario Get your children involved and will be and have a good time and learn something I found a my son Emanuel that's very well focusing and learning new thing and we encouraged him to do well and focus in and he learned something new an fantastic and he getting a lot of confidence himself it is awesome the teachers and Trusted instructors from there he meets new friends quality people and he's not sitting in front of the TV all day he's moving he's getting himself prepare for the future he feels great an fantastic inside and out he also love to move up in belts and weapon. Great place to grow with Thank you Black Belt Karate Studio.

 Melissa Marie Haag My daughter and I have been looking for something to do together and this seems to be it. We went in on Monday to check things out and by Wednesday we were in class. I have severe anxiety to the point where I rarely leave my house and I managed to get through a class with people I don't know doing something I've never done before. That is a miracle, not typical of me at all, I felt pretty comfortable and think karate may be my escape.

 Tressa Stein Fantastic Instructors that relate from the youngest to the oldest. Teach skills clearly and patiently and makes sure each individual "gets it"!
 Solid mix of humor and ability and smarts make every instructor heresolid role models to have in life.
 My child was not terribly flexible or graceful, now he can hold stance and do 20 solid kicks +, endurance is amazing and he feels STRONG, while understanding clearly that Karate is an Art and for Self-Defense, not to just kick someones butt.
 Can't say enough about how great they are!!!!

 Tina Engel-Schingeck My daughter had very low self-esteem, this has changed her so much, she has grown so much. The price seemed high to me at first but seeing her self-esteem and self confidence improve makes it so worth it. The instructors are great with the kids and they have a way with all the kids. I would say please try it. We have recommended many of her friends and they are now a part of class and love it as well. THANK YOU ALL!!!

 Rheanna Rasico This studio has been a wonderful experience all around. Stimulating in both physical and mental capacity with fun instructors and a support system to help you achieve your belt goals. Even on days where I just feel unmotivated to attend class, I always leave with a better attitude and more energy. Love it!

 Get fit while learning martial arts
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult Martial Arts Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF CHAMPIONSHIP MARTIAL ARTS OF OAK CREEK
 GOALS
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 COMMUNITY
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors priority.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kid’s Karate Adult Martial Arts Kickboxing -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Championship Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## Recent Blogs
 The Digital Withdrawal: Why Screen-Saturated Oak Creek Kids Are Always “Cranky”
 https://youtu.be/L6dEAvPM0HA If your child seems to be in a bad mood the moment they put down their tablet, you aren’t alone. As a former elementary teacher with 10 years in the classroom and a Master’s in Education, I’ve watched the “plugged-in” culture take over. It used to be that kids just watched a few cartoons […]
 READ MORE »

 Is Your Child a “Soft Target”? The Morning Bus Stop Test Every Oak Creek Parent Needs
 https://youtube.com/shorts/bth-3hIAhEM Every morning in Oak Creek, hundreds of kids wait for the bus. As a former public school teacher with a Master’s in Education, I spent ten years watching this ritual. I can tell you exactly which kids are at risk of being picked on before they even step foot in the classroom. It’s all […]
 READ MORE »

 The “Backseat Coach” Sport Killer: Why Oak Creek Kids Quit and How to Stop It
 https://youtube.com/shorts/YUf2FBaRiiI You want your child to quit their favorite activity? I can tell you exactly how to do it in one easy step: Tell them everything they did wrong the entire way home in the car. I call this the Backseat Coach Sport Killer. As a former teacher with a Master’s in Education, I’ve seen […]
 READ MORE »
