---
source_url: http://powersportskids.com
final_url: http://powersportskids.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:26.123Z
---

From Gymnastics to Ninja Warrior and Parties to Preschool
 # EMPOWERING KIDS ## TO REACH THEIR FULL POTENTIAL # EMPOWERING KIDS TO REACH THEIR FULL POTENTIAL
 View Our Programs - -
 GIVE US A FOLLOW

 Just a few of our
 ## Programs & Activities
 ### Gymnastics
 After School Program
 Birthday Parties

 Jump 2 Learning
 ### Cheer & Tumbling
 ### Dance

 ### Martial Arts
 Ninja Warrior
 View Our Programs

 ### Gymnastics

 After School Program

 Birthday Parties

 Jump 2 Learning

 ### Cheer & Tumbling

 ### Dance

 ### Martial Arts

 Ninja Warrior

 View Our Programs

 Latest NEWS, offers, &
 ## Announcements
 01
 Fall Registration Starts JULY 6TH!
 Early Registration for the 2026 – 2027 School Year starts JULY 6TH, 2026!! Be sure to log into your parent portal to save your spots for all class programs for the upcoming school year: Gymnastics, Tumble, Cheer, Dance, Ninja Warrior, MMA, Jump 2 Learning Educational Preschool, & Afterschool care!
 Fall classes begin August 17th, 2026!

 02
 Super Summer Day Camp!!
 Summer Day Camp is hosted ALL summer long for ages 3 – 10! Camp is from 7:30am-6:00pm, Monday-Friday and is $55 per day or $220 per week. All School Age children will attend field trips throughout the week at no extra cost!
 Want more information? Click HERE to view this program and sign-up today!

 Get one free trial class by signing up
 ## to our newsletter! FIRST WE NEED YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS

 LET’S CUSTOMIZE THE PERFECT
 ## Birthday Bash! We offer hassle free birthday parties that are easy for the parents and fun for the kids. Powersports will organize and supervise the play time, group games, cake serving, present time, and clean-up! Best of all? You get to customize nearly everything!
 Plan Your Birthday Party

 PRESCHOOL WITH PURPOSE
 ## Jump 2 Learning Our mission is to provide children with a positive first-time school experience while preparing them for the next phase of grade school. We do this by supporting active minds through movement, exploration, physical fitness, motor skills, and fun!
 Learn More

 ## CAN YOUR BABYSITTER DO THIS? ### Friday Play Days Your kids get to play, while you take the day or evening off. That’s a big win for everyone. Sure beats that baby sitter sitting on the couch making TikToks while your kids watch TV.

 ### After School Program A fun and safe environment for children to grow academically as well as socially.

 ### Kids Night Out Let our super enthusiastic staff entertain your children while you have a night out on the town.
