---
source_url: http://www.valleyspeedwayathletics.com
final_url: https://www.valleyspeedwayathletics.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:40.753Z
---

### Helena's #1 Martial Arts Gym
 # Build Strength, Confidence, & Respect With Martial Arts
 Whether you’re a beginner or a seasoned fighter, our group classes teach you practical self defense skills – all in a beginner safe environment

 Claim Your Free Class
 ### Reach Your Goals
 No matter where you’re starting from, we’ll help you reach your fitness and self-defense goals.

 ### Earn Discipline & Respect
 Martial arts isn’t just a workout; it’s a journey that builds resilience and earns you respect from yourself and others.

 ### No Boring Routines
 ### Our training sessions keep you excited, with new, challenging activities every day.

 ## Choose Your Path
 Not sure if this is for you? We've got plenty of options to fit your needs.

 ### Muay Thai
 Muay Thai, is a combat sport that utilizes powerful strikes, clinching techniques and kicks. Build powerful striking skills and burn calories faster than any regular gym workout.

 Try Your Free Class Today
 ### Deliberate Jiu-Jitsu
 BJJ helps you master self defense techniques that equip you to handle any situation. Develop resilience, strength, and skill with BJJ—a ground-based martial art perfect for anyone who wants practical self-defense. Gain the confidence to handle any situation and feel unstoppable.

 Try Your Free Class Today
 ### Kid's Muay Thai
 Help your child build confidence, focus, and resilience with every session. Want to give the little ones a fun challenge? Our children’s classes help kids build strength, focus, and social skills that last a lifetime, while also giving them a great way to release their energy. CTA: Sign Up Your Children Today

 Sign Up Your Child Today
 ### Kid's Jiu Jitsu
 BJJ helps you master self defense techniques that equip you to handle any situation. Develop resilience, strength, and skill with BJJ—a ground-based martial art perfect for anyone who wants practical self-defense. Gain the confidence to handle any situation and feel unstoppable.

 Sign Up Your Child Today
 ## What to Expect in Your First Class
 Whether it’s your first time fighting or you’re seeking a new challenge, our team is here to help you take on any obstacle with confidence.

 Getting Started Is Easy:

 #### 1. Personal Welcome
 One of our team members will meet you inside, answer any questions you may have, and get you situated.

 You’ll start with a beginner friendly warm-up that’s approachable for all fitness levels.

 #### 2. Warm-Up
 Our coaches break down techniques step-by-step, so you never feel lost.

 #### 3. Hands-On Training
 After class, stick around to chat with your coach, ask questions, or chat with the rest of the crew.

 #### 4. Cool Down & Q&A

 Get Started With A Free Class

 ## Don’t Just Take Our Word For It…
 Hear from students who’ve experienced real results:

 Amazing dojo. Amazing coaches. I would recommend their classes for both kids and adults!
 - Jaden

 This is an amazing Muay Thai gym. I've been an MMA fighter for over a decade, and I train here because it's legit! Donnie Nickerson is my go to striking coach. The environment is friendly and fun.
 - Kenneth

 I'm from out of town but they have reasonable prices compared to any gym on the west coast.. That's saying something.
 - Kaylib

 ## Learn From Professionals
 Our coaches are not just trainers - they’re fighters with years of experience, and they’re here to guide you through every step of your journey

 ### Donnie Nickerson - Eight Limbs Muay Thai
 Head Coach Donnie Nickerson is a multiple time Muay Thai National Champion. He brings not only his incredible experience in teaching expertise but the expertise of those that he's trained with for well over a decade. Donnie begin his training in Muay Thai in 2006 at Lloyd Irving’s Mix Martial Arts, Camp Springs Maryland, under Kru Jose Villarisco, 3-time Muay Thai National Champion. In 2010, Donnie relocated and started training at Crazy 88in Elkridge Maryland, under OneFC Champion Aung La Sang, and head coach Jamal Hargrove. Donnie has competed all over the east coast, he obtained the New York State 135lb K1 ECF Title. Soon after he became a 2 division National Champion in 2016. Donnie moved to Helena Montana in 2017, he started a Muay Thai program at Eight Limbs and begin working with students. He is dedicated to helping his students reach their goals whether it’s to compete, get in shape, or just learn how to defend yourself.

 ### Don Raulston - Deliberate Jiu Jitsu
 Head Coach Don Raulston has been training in Brazillian Jiu Jitsu for 25 years. Don holds a 4th Degree Brown Belt in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu under Jared Emfield, who is a second degree Black Belt under 4th degree Black Belt Professor Matt Strack. Don also has a 2nd degree black belt in Kenpo Karate and a brown belt in Japanese Kempo Karate. Don has a unique teaching style and understands how to bring out the best in students on and off the mat.

 ## Our community sets us apart. We're not just a fighting gym - we're a family
 Joining a fighting gym shouldn't be intimidating. Here at VSA, our community is built to help you improve. No judgement involved.

 ## Common Questions
 ### Do I need any experience to start?

 Absolutely not! Our beginner classes are designed for people with zero experience. We’ll meet you at your skill level.

 ### Is training safe?

 Safety is our top priority. Our coaches teach techniques in a way that’s accessible, safe, and supportive for all.

 ### What should I bring to my first class?

 Just wear comfortable workout clothes and bring a bottle of water. We provide everything else you need for your first class.

 ## Located Right Off N. Montana Avenue
 Get Directions
 ## Take the First Step Towards a Stronger, More Confident You. Book Your Free Class Now!
 Claim Free Class
