---
source_url: https://starsandstrikesmma.com
final_url: https://starsandstrikesmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:52.452Z
---

## Welcome to the Family. We all know, “Family is everything.” The support. The knowledge. The resources. The term gets thrown around a lot; especially when it comes to people trying to get you to join their gym. Stars and Strikes MMA has nurtured a family environment by letting our respect for the art and our love of the results guide us in every way. Welcome to the Stars and Strikes MMA family—we can’t wait to see where it takes you.

 Stars and Strikes MMA in Westland, MI is a clean, friendly environment where people of all different skill levels, fitness goals and martial arts knowledge train side-by-side with experienced professional and amateur MMA fighters.
 All of the activity at Stars and Strikes MMA is supervised by owner and head coach, James “Striker” Beneteau. Since 2010, James has been helping people fight for their dreams.
 Stars and Strikes MMA members during supervised drilling and sparring class. If you ever wondered if MMA training might be right for you, call or text (734) 272-6646 for more information. We have a team of coaches and instructors that have proven their abilities in professional and amateur combat. Our members, new and experienced, train together alongside our fighters. We like to think every member of Stars and Strikes MMA is fighting for something; health, weight loss, rehabilitation. We’re confident that Stars and Strikes MMA is the right place to set your goals and smash them.
 Call or text us at (734) 272-6646 or email starsandstrikesmma@gmail.com
 We look forward to meeting you!
 ## martial arts… Are combat disciplines organized into systems for teaching and training. Some have ancient origins. Others have developed in the last century. Martial Arts are practiced today for self-defense, competition, health and fitness, as well as mental, physical and spiritual development.

 ## Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment.
