---
source_url: https://www.nibirubjj.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.nibirubjj.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:49.362Z
---

Nibiru Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu offers 1-hour long kids BJJ classes multiple times a week.
 These classes are a mix of the following:
 - Warm-ups that will teach them how to move their body; such as front/back rolls, shrimping, bear crawls, and break falls - Educational Games: Learning how to sprawl, playing judo tag, and a variety of games that teach them how to use their BJJ skills in a fun way - Instructional Time: We break up our instruction time with related games and drills that help them build their skills and allow them time to build up their ability to focus
 These classes are focused on giving kids the opportunity to learn how to grapple while also having fun and enjoying their time in class. Jiu-Jitsu can be a very fun sport, and we like to balance having fun with learning and staying active.

 # Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 What is Jiu-Jitsu?
 What is Jiu-Jitsu?

 ## AGE Range: 5-14

 We are flexible with age requirements as it can vary depending on the size, maturity, and ability of the student. We generally recommend beginning around age 5, and moving to the adult class around age 15. However, this is treated on an individual basis. Feel free to speak to us if you have questions about which class is best for your child and when.

 ## Benefits of Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 - Build physical fitness in a fun way and burn excess energy
 - Develop focus, discipline, and respect - Make friends and learn how to interact with others - Learn a new skill that has potential for long term development

 ## Belt Testing & Promotions

 - All kids start with a white belt
 - As they learn more techniques and show improvement, stripes will be awarded at the coach's discretion, typically every couple of months - There are four stripes per belt - The kids belt system is white, gray, yellow, orange, and green before they are eligible to move to the adult belt system at age 16 - Kids must test for their belts. Our coaches have a list of techniques that kids must perform correctly during a belt test in order to receive their next belt - There is also a beginner and advanced version of each belt (signified by a white bar and black bar through the belt) that do not require testing - While we do expect kids to learn certain basic techniques, promotions are customized to each child, their progress, and their journey through the sport

 ## Uniforms

 - We have loaner uniforms available for kids of all ages at no charge. - Uniforms can be purchased through the gym as well.

 ## Belt Tying Tutorial

 Start Free Trial Today
 Start Free Trial Today
