---
source_url: https://www.nibirubjj.com
final_url: https://www.nibirubjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:49.458Z
---

Start Free Trial
 Start Free Trial

 ## Sun Prairie’s Home for Combat Sports

 Whether you're just starting your fitness journey or looking to enhance your routine, Nibiru Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu provides a supportive and motivating environment. Our team is dedicated to helping you achieve your personal goals, ensuring you have the best experience possible.

 ## Adult BJJ

 ## Adult Muay Thai

 ## Kids BJJ

 ## Trusted by Our Members

 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 "I came in as a walk-in. Everyone- students and instructors were very welcoming. The whole class introduced themselves to me and were great to work out with. Robert did a great job of teaching technique and explaining how to do them. There's a great culture going on here."
 – Tim O.

 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 "Awesome gym! Coach Robert is very knowledgable AND a good instructor. The gym culture is extremely positive and welcoming; everyone is there to learn and to help their training partners improve. If you're in or around Madison, drop in and take a class. I can't recommend this gym highly enough."
 – James C.

 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 "Great gym to learn BJJ and Muay Thai, very knowledgeable and understanding coaches. Whether you’re looking for a new hobby, or to compete, this is a great place to train and learn."
 – Andrew W.

 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 "Best place to train Jiu Jitsu. Relaxed welcoming atmosphere. All age group and state of physical fitness are there; a wide range of people to train with."
 – Ricardo B.

 ## Announcements

 - Starting January 2nd, 2026, Nibiru BJJ will be offering wrestling classes! - Morning and evening options every Friday! - Freestyle & Folkstyle - Ages 15 and up

 ## Upcoming Tournaments

 Check back in 2026 for our team tournament schedule!

 ## AffiliationS

 Nibiru BJJ an official affiliate of Checkmat Jiu-Jitsu and is the only Checkmat gym in the state of Wisconsin.

 Nibiru BJJ an official affiliate of Viking Muay Thai
