---
source_url: https://protaekwondotx.com
final_url: https://protaekwondotx.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:32.722Z
---

817-490-9940

 304 Hwy 377 Roanoke, TX 76262

 817-809-2414

 304 N US Hwy 377 Roanoke, TX 76262

 - Home - INSTRUCTORS - SCHEDULE - Fitness Kickboxing - Taekwondo

 ## The Premier Martial Arts and Fitness Center in Roanoke, TX. Self-defense • Improve Your Health • Reach Your Potential

 ## 👇FREE WEEK OF CLASSES👇

 GET STARTED

 # Welcome to Pro Taekwondo Roanoke!

 More than just a martial arts and kickboxing fitness center, "Pro T" is a community of people who share a passion for taekwondo and fitness kickboxing. Since 1999, we have been teaching these disciplines to students of all ages and levels in Roanoke, TX. Our programs are designed to help you learn self-defense, improve your health, and reach your potential. Our instructors are knowledgeable and supportive, and our classes are exciting and rewarding. Come and see for yourself why Pro Sport Taekwondo is the best choice for you!

 ## Qualified Instructors

 Our instructors have many years of experience both in taekwondo as well as working with various students..

 ## Individual Approach

 Every student- kickboxing or taekwondo is a value to our community. We work hard to help everyone achieve greatness.

 ## Fun Environment

 We build a lot of fun into every aspect of what we teach. This is one of the reasons our students keep coming back!

 ##### respect

 ##### integrity

 ##### perseverance

 self-control

 indomitable spirit

 ## Instructors

 Master Daryl Rhyne

 4th Degree Black Belt

 Rachel Smith

 4th Degree Black Belt

 Gabriella Shaw

 2rd Degree Black Belt

 Instructor Bios

 ## Testimonials

 I love Pro Taekwondo. The instructors are incredibly hardworking and honest people, and they put a lot of effort into helping and interacting with the kids.

 Steve W.

 Taekwondo Parent

 I highly recommended the instruction of Master Daryl Rhyne & the staff. Thank you for teaching me not only how to defend myself, but about discipline and leadership.

 Chris B.

 Fitness Kickboxing

 My son is autistic and often struggles with bullies and self-discipline. This place has helped shape his confidence & endurance which also greatly improved his life mood.

 Rebecca C.

 Taekwondo Parent

 © 2026 Pro Taekwondo Roanoke ● privacy policy
