---
source_url: http://www.mabjj.com/programs
final_url: https://www.mabjj.com/adult-gi-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:17.102Z
---

# Marcelo Alonso Adult Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Seattle

 Our academy provides Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes tailored to adults of all skill levels, ranging from beginner to intermediate and advanced levels. Whether you're stepping onto the mats for the first time or looking to refine your techniques, our classes offer a welcoming and inclusive environment for everyone.

 #### Learn Self Defense Whether you're stepping onto the mats as a beginner or arriving with experience in another martial art, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) provides a comprehensive foundation in combat skills. It emphasizes grappling and ground fighting techniques that are essential for self-defense.
 At our academy, we prioritize the teaching of fundamental BJJ techniques that form the backbone of any effective fighting curriculum. From mastering basic positions and submissions to understanding leverage and body mechanics, our curriculum ensures that practitioners develop a solid understanding of ground fighting principles from the outset.

 #### Leave Your Ego at the door Advanced jiu-jitsu instruction can sometimes feel like being thrown into the deep end without proper guidance, leading many to quit due to loss of interest, embarrassment, or injury.
 At our academy, the safety and well-being of our students are paramount. We provide a cooperative and ego-free environment where students can enjoy learning and exploring the art of jiu-jitsu with confidence.

 #### Join Our Family Jiu-Jitsu offers an array of profound physical and mental benefits. Through its rigorous training regimen, practitioners not only enhance their physical fitness and self-defense skills but also experience significant mental growth, including improved focus, discipline, and stress management.
 However, the essence of Jiu-Jitsu extends beyond mere training sessions. As practitioners train, spar, and compete together, they forge deep connections that often transcend the boundaries of the gym. These shared experiences foster bonds of camaraderie and mutual respect, leading to the development of lifelong friendships rooted in a common passion for the art.

 Our adult Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program boasts a team of highly experienced instructors , all of whom hold black belts under the esteemed lineage of Marcelo Alonso. Each instructor brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise to the mat, cultivated through years of dedicated practice and competition at the highest levels of the sport. Many of our instructors are not only accomplished black belts but also active competitors, with numerous prestigious world titles to their names.
 Whether you're stepping onto the mats as a complete beginner, an experienced professional seeking to refine your skills, or an active competitor striving for greatness, our comprehensive training curriculum is tailored to help you achieve your goals. Our instructors take a personalized approach to instruction, providing guidance and support to students at every stage of their journey in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ### Come Check Out Our Free Class

 View schedule
