---
source_url: http://www.mabjj.com
final_url: https://www.mabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:17.561Z
---

# The MARCELO ALONSO BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ACADEMY

 Ranks as one of the foremost martial schools and networks in the State of Washington. We instruct young adults (7 and above with approval) to adult students of all ages, from a variety of backgrounds and abilities with each aspiring to attain their own personal training goals.
 The academy was established by Master Marcelo Alonso, a distinguished practitioner holding the prestigious rank of coral belt in jiu-jitsu. The coral belt, often revered as the "Master's Belt," symbolizes Marcelo's profound impact on the evolution of jiu-jitsu both locally and globally.

 ### Come Check Out Our Free Class

 View schedule

 ### Adult Gi Program

 We provide Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes tailored to adults of all skill levels, ranging from beginner to intermediate and advanced levels. Whether you're stepping onto the mats for the first time or looking to refine your techniques, our classes offer a welcoming and inclusive environment for everyone.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### Adult no-Gi Program

 At our academy, we provide dynamic and engaging no-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes tailored to adults of all levels, from beginner to intermediate and advanced.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### Youth Program

 Our Youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program creates a safe and nurturing environment for children aged 7-14 to learn and grow. With a focus on safety, our comprehensive training curriculum is designed to foster focus, discipline, self-confidence, and other essential life skills.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 What People Are Saying

 - A warm and welcoming place to train! This is an all-around amazing gym with solid teaching and coaching, great staff, an amazing kids program, a clean training facility, and a special vibe that brings people together. Jon N. - Great training partners - This gym attracts some quality talent - no matter what class you pick, you're guaranteed at least two high level black belts turning out. Not only that, there are so many body types that you're guaranteed to have some awesome rolls! Britt B. - This gym has the best instructors anyone can ever ask for! As Behavior Analyst, the methods they use to teach their curriculum is impressive as it accelerates your techniques and understanding of the concepts! Troy K.

 ### Limited Time Offers

 #### Sign up for 3 months for Youth Program, Get a Free Gi Today!

 ### Frequently Asked Questions

 Q: What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting. It emphasizes leverage and technique to overcome opponents, regardless of size or strength.

 Q: Do I need any prior experience to start training in BJJ?
 No prior experience is necessary to start training in BJJ. Our academy offers classes suitable for beginners, where you'll learn the fundamentals and gradually progress at your own pace.

 Q: What's the difference between Gi and no-Gi BJJ?
 Gi BJJ involves training in a traditional uniform called a Gi, which includes a jacket and pants. No-Gi BJJ is practiced without the Gi, typically wearing shorts and a rash guard. Both styles offer unique challenges and techniques.

 Q: What are the benefits of practicing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 BJJ offers numerous benefits, including improved physical fitness, self-defense skills, mental discipline, stress relief, and a sense of camaraderie and community among practitioners.

 Q: How often should I train BJJ to see progress?
 Consistency is key in BJJ. Training two to four times per week is recommended to see progress, but it ultimately depends on individual goals, schedule, and recovery capacity.

 Q: Q: What should we bring to the first BJJ class?
 When you attend your first jiu-jitsu class, we'll supply you with a uniform known as a gi. We suggest wearing a T-shirt, comfortable undergarments or leggings, and/or a rash guard underneath the gi. Don't worry about tying the belt for the first time; someone will be available to assist you!
 Moving forward, you should have a mouthguard, ensure your gi is washed after every class to prevent skin infections, and clip the nails weekly.
