---
source_url: http://fitfactoryonline.com
final_url: https://fitfactoryonline.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:50.780Z
---

# We are now taking new students for our Summer Youth Jiu Jitsu program! We are now taking new students for our Summer Youth Jiu Jitsu program! We are now taking new students for our Summer Youth Jiu Jitsu program! We are now taking new students for our Summer Youth Jiu Jitsu program!

 We are now excepting new students for our youth programs. Ages are 5 and up.

 Start Your Training

 ## CURRENT CLASS SCHEDULE and MEMBERSHIP info
 Monday
 8:30am Kicktrain
 9:30am NO Gi Jiu Jitsu
 7:00pm Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Tuesday
 8:30am MaxFit (Weights)
 5:00pm Beginner Kids BJJ ages 5 and up
 6:00pm Advanced Kids BJJ ages 5 and up
 7:00 pm Jiu Jitsu Gi adult all levels

 Wednesday
 8:30am Kicktrain
 9:30am No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Thursday
 8:30am MaxFit (Weights)
 5:00pm Beginner Kids BJJ ages 5 and up
 6:00pm Kids BJJ ages 5 and up
 7:00 pm Jiu Jitsu No Gi Jiu Jitsu adult all levels

 Friday
 8:30am Kicktrain
 9:30am Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Saturday
 9:30am Open Mat Jiu Jitsu

 Sunday
 Closed

 MEMBERSHIP FEES FOR YOUTH AND ADULT STUDENTS for Jiu Jitsu!
 Membership Fees (30-Day Cancellation Required)
 Month-to-Month: $159 per month
 6-Month Commitment: $139 per month
 12-Month Commitment: $119 per month

 Members who pay a 6 or 12-month commitment in full receive a 10% individual individual membership minus the Family Rate discount. If all Family members decide to cancel... the base member will be set back up on a regular membership. We are flexible and can change things as they need to be.

 PLEASE NOTE!!
 Once school is out for the summer... our youth jiu jitsu programs switch to a morning schedule due to the elevated temps. It's much better for everyone than the evening.

 Payment Information
 Payments are made by debit or credit card and billed automatically on the 1st or 15th of each month. Fees must remain current to hold a class spot. If you choose to take a break from Jiu Jitsu for Sports or the summer, then your spot is available. In order to keep your spot, you must remain current please. This prevents overcrowding when school schedule resumes. Jiu Jitsu is a lifestyle. We don't have seasons :)

 Uniform Requirements
 May through September: NO-GI (rash guard and shorts FOR YOUTH STUDENTS . October through April: GI FOR YOUTH STUDENTS
 Any color or brand is acceptable. Amazon- Search Youth or Adult BJJ Gi depending on your child's size. Brands like Elite, Sanabul or Havok are very reasonable. We also offer team uniforms and gear but not required.

 ADULTS will follow a yearlong schedule as far as what to wear to class. If it's a GI cla
 ss, then wear a go. Wear clothes with no metal zippers or buttons to NOGI classes. Preferably a rash guard and grappling shorts. These can be purchased on Amazon or our official team gear at the gym.

 KICKTRAIN AND MAXFIT PROGRAM. $159 MONTHLY TO ATTEND AS MANY Kicktrain and MaxFit Classes as you want. We do not offer and OPEN gym. We offer classes and coaching. You can add Jiu Jitsu to your Workout membership or vice versa for an additional $70 per month.

 FAMILY DISCOUNTS
 WE OFFER 25% OFF EACH ADDITIONAL FAMILY MEMBER. Deduct 25% off the package you choose to go with. Each family member will be considered an

 Law enforcement, Military and First responders 10% discount

 Class Expectations
 Students must wear clean attire, bring water, keep nails trimmed, arrive on time, and maintain a positive attitude. Please inform us about any health issues, medications or limitations prior to beginning classes or as they arise.

 Additional Information
 The first two classes are free. Parents may observe but may not coach or distract during class. Fees are non-refundable. Please ensure timely drop-off and pick-up.
 If your child is sick or unable to train due to illness or injury we ask they not participate until they are well.

 *NOTE* We operate on the Sevier County schools weather policy. If Sevier County schools are closed, then we will be also.

 ## Contact Us #### We hope to see you soon! Stay up to date with our classes by visiting out current schedule!

 WE HAVE HAD AN ISSUE RECIEVING OUR EMAILS!!! please text as well so we are sure to get your message please!

 Gene Click
 text 865-742-3713

 #### Fit Factory Fitness and Jiu Jitsu 3814 Boyds Creek Highway, Sevierville, TN 37876, USA
 865-742-3713

 Drop us a line!
 #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Attach Files

 Attachments (0)

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Drop us a line!

 ## Welcome to Fit Factory Online! #### GET TO KNOW YOUR COACHES! GENE CLICK
 OWNER/FOUNDER
 Coach Gene began his martial arts journey at the age of five, training in Tae Kwon Do before transitioning into grappling, kickboxing, and mixed martial arts during his high school years. In 1994, he began focused training in Judo and Japanese Jiu Jitsu, developing a deep foundation in throws, control, and ground fighting before Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was widely available in the United States.

 In 1996, Gene earned a black belt in Shingitai Jiu Jitsu under John Saylor and Dr. Michael Carter, and that same year began training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu during an era when access to rank and formal promotion was limited.
 He earned his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu blue belt in 1999 under Chris Saunders of Rickson Gracie lineage. That same year, Gene introduced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to Sevierville, Tennessee, establishing the area’s first dedicated Jiu-Jitsu program.

 In 1999, Gene promoted Kaizen Fighting Challenge, the first mixed martial arts event in the state of Tennessee, and went on to co-promote more than 70 MMA events.
 In 2002, he opened Fit Factory Fitness and Jiu Jitsu, which he has operated continuously for 25+ years, serving generations of students and families.
 Gene received his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt in 2014 under Helio Soneca Moreira after 18 years of continuous training and teaching. He has been a certified personal trainer and strength coach since 1997, and his expertise in health, fitness, and personal growth has been published.

 In 2018, Gene began bladesmithing, creating custom blades for hundreds of clients worldwide. Much of his work serves the grappling community and has been awarded to athletes by their instructors on black belt promotion days. He has appeared on History Channel’s Forged in Fire and currently creates custom awards for major events, including the Professional Grappling Federation (PGF).

 Above all, Gene is a proud father of two sons, Grayson and Holden. His greatest passion is teaching children, using Jiu-Jitsu as a lifelong tool to build confidence, discipline, resilience, and character—both on and off the mat.

 ## Get to know our Coaches and Staff

 ### Subscribe
 Email

 Sign up

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
