---
source_url: http://www.chesapeakevamartialarts.com
final_url: https://chesapeakevamartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:57.452Z
---

### King Tiger Martial Arts

 ### 757-410-4999

 ### King Tiger Martial Arts

 ### Martial Arts for Kids and Adults in Chesapeake, VA

 Facebook Youtube Instagram

 757-410-4999

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 ### King Tiger Martial Arts

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 # Announcing... Inspiring Martial Arts Programs in Chesapeake, VA for The Entire Family!

 Our dynamic Martial Arts Programs in Chesapeake, VA has something for everyone. Children gain rock solid self-confidence , build unshakable self-esteem , and hone razor sharp focus, while adults get fit , improve flexibility and quickly eliminate stress!

 Learn More

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Which Program Are You Most Interested In?

 Kids Martial Arts

 Our kids' martial arts program focuses on character building and leadership in a fun and safe environment.

 View More Info

 Adult Martial Arts

 Our adult martial arts classes emphasize improving fitness, confidence, and practical self-defense.

 View More Info

 Hapkido Self-Defense System

 Our Hapkido Self-Defense classes emphasize easy-to-learn, safe and practical Self-Defense to improve confidence and self-esteem.

 View More Info

 Kickboxing

 Quickly lose weight, get in shape, build muscle, and improve your cardio in our Health and Fitness program.

 View More Info

 ### Meet our Friendly and Experienced Staff

 LEARN MORE ABOUT US

 #### Physical and Mental Development

 Our members tell us that our school is more of an institution of self-improvement, physically and mentally, rather than just a gym or some “activity.” It feels like a family. We concentrate on building the whole person: Physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, and socially.
 We pride ourselves on helping our adult members safely build lean muscle, quickly burn fat, gain flexibility, and relieve stress in a FUN, positive, and injury-free environment!
 And for the children, parents all over the Chesapeake area give our martial arts classes credit for increasing their child’s ability to focus in school and at home, building their self-esteem , and igniting a passion for self- improvement they never would have expected.

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 #### King Tiger Martial Arts is So Much More than “Kicking & Punching”

 The martial arts are not “just” about self-defense!
 In reality, the physical “kicking and punching” are really just tools that we use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself and life.
 By practicing physical self-defense skills, you will follow the proven path for successful living based on discipline, focus, and perseverance.
 Take us up on our WEB SPECIAL offer, and see the benefits of our Chesapeake martial arts program for yourself!

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIAL!

 #### King Tiger Martial Arts reviews

 Tanya Elenkiwich     
 Student
 "I HAVE TOTALLY BECOME STRESS-FREE..."
 “By training in the martial arts, I have totally become stress-free. I love it. My life is so much more enjoyable!”

 Mike Earl     
 Student
 "I HAVE LOST 12 POUNDS, GAINED GREAT CONFIDENCE!"
 “I love Martial Arts training! With the training I’ve got, I have lost 12 pounds, gained great confidence!”

 Jordan Robinson     
 Student
 LOST OVER 65 POUNDS...
 “Since I’ve started Martial Arts, I’ve lost over 65 pounds! On top of that, I’ve gained confidence.”

 Chris Nelson     
 Student
 "LOST 25 POUNDS..."
 “I know that practicing the martial arts has helped me! I’ve lost 25 pounds, learned to control my emotions and be happier.”

 ## Ready for a New Beginning?

 SEE OUR WEB SPECIALS!

 King Tiger Martial Arts

 1457 Mount Pleasant Rd, Chesapeake, VA 23322

 kingtigermachesapeake@gmail.com

 757-410-4999

 ### King Tiger Martial Arts Although many people think the martial arts are just about fighting, the truth is that the physical “kicking and punching” are really just the tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself.

 ### MAIN

 - About - Reviews - Contact Us - Blog

 ### PROGRAMS

 - Kids Martial Arts - Adult Martial Arts - Hapkido Self-Defense - Kickboxing

 ### LINKS

 - Privacy - Sitemap

 ### © King Tiger Martial Arts All rights reserved | Powered by Amazing Martial Arts Websites
