---
source_url: https://veritasokbjj.com/schedule/
final_url: https://veritasokbjj.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:11.696Z
---

# Class Schedule The Veritas Jiu Jitsu schedule is built for people with all different types of schedules. We have classes seven days a week, helping you slot BJJ classes into any time that works for you. As well as that, we host as many as three Jiu Jitsu classes at a time, allowing kids and parents to train simultaneously. Take a look at our schedule and find the perfect time for your training!

 #### Veritas Jiu Jitsu ### Class Schedule

 Click a program to filter:
 Please Select A Day

 Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday | 5:00 amAdult Gi | 5:00 amAdult Gi | 5:00 amAdult Gi | 5:00 amAdult Gi | | | | | | | 10:00amGi Jiu Jitsu | | | | | | 11:00amAdult Comp Class | 11:30amAdult Gi | 11:30amAdult Gi | 11:30amAdult NoGi | 11:30amAdult NoGi | 11:30amOpen Mat | | | | | | | 12:00pmOpen Mat | 12:00pmOpen Mat | | | | | | 1:00pmSparring 5:00pm Adv Kids Gi(30 min extra for white black+) | 5:00pm Kids Judo | 5:00pm Adv Kids NoGi | 5:00pm Kids Wrestling | 5:00pm Open Mat | | | | | | 5:00pm Adult MMA Drilling | | 5:30pmKids Gi | 5:30pmKids Gi | 5:30pmKids NoGi | 5:30pmKids NoGi | 5:30pmKids Comp Class | | 5:30pmGi Fundamental | 5:30pmDrill Lab*Rotating weeks Gi and No Gi | 5:30pmGi Fundamental | 5:30pmLeg Locks No Gi | | | 6:30pmAdult Gi | 6:30pmAdult Gi | 6:30pmAdult NoGi | 6:30pmAdult NoGi | | | 6:30pmKids Striking | 6:30pmKids Striking | 6:30pmKids Striking | 6:30pmKids Striking | | | 7:30pmAdult Striking | 7:30pmBeg. Adult Striking | 7:30pmAdult Striking | 7:30pmBeg. Adult Striking | | | | 7:30pm Thunder Dome | | 7:30pmAdult MMA | | | | 7:30pm 10 Round Tues | | | | |

 Download Schedule

 Download Now

 ### Sign up for our one-week FREE trial! Get a whole week of Jiu Jitsu classes for free with our special offer!

 Join Now ##### Free Trial Week Sign Up ×

 #### Veritas Jiu Jitsu’s ### Event Schedule

 #### Ready to start you ### Jiu Jitsu Journey
 Do you want to train at the same time as your kids? You can do so thanks to our schedule at Veritas Jiu Jitsu. With classes running at the same time, you can sign the whole family up without spending the whole evening in the academy. Take a look at our schedule from Sunday-Saturday and fit Veritas Jiu Jitsu into your personal schedule!

 ## Contact Us! Veritas Jiu Jitsu welcomes everyone in Edmond and those who want to train Jiu Jitsu in Oklahoma City, Guthrie, Arcadia, and Luther. You can find us off West 15th Street next to Griffin Mall!

 405-885-3535

 info@veritasokbjj.com

 1371 Fretz Dr, Edmond, OK 73003
