---
source_url: https://veritasokbjj.com
final_url: https://veritasokbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:14.320Z
---

# Veritas Jiu Jitsu ## Edmond’s Home for Jiu Jitsu
 Get Started Today

 ##### Free Trial Week Sign Up ×

 #### Welcome To ### Veritas Jiu Jitsu
 Welcome to Veritas Jiu Jitsu, a veteran-owned and family-operated Edmond Jiu Jitsu academy built for the entire community! Our BJJ community is a place where everyone truly cares about you, your progression, and the art of Jiu Jitsu. Newcomers are always welcomed and supported, with high-level instruction and a smile at every corner. No matter if your goals are aligned with health and fitness, self-defense skills, or competition, you’ll receive the support of our team to help you see it through. Come join our BJJ family and become your best self through Jiu Jitsu!

 ### Sign up for our one-week FREE trial! Get a whole week of Jiu Jitsu classes for free with our special offer!

 Join Now ##### Free Trial Week Sign Up ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Special Offers

 #### Who we are at ### Veritas Jiu Jitsu

 #### Our School At Veritas Jiu Jitsu, you’ll find we truly care, we keep it fun, and we know how to work hard and play hard. Our curriculum-based training pushes students past difficult challenges on the mat – including our team’s dominating in competitions – and challenges in life to overcome off the mat. Just like our training, our culture extends far beyond the mat. Every month or two Veritas will host community events, including going to the zoo and cookouts. As a veteran-owned school, we continuously show our support, dedication and respect for those who have insured our way of life. We offer discounts for veterans and first responders. We also host events solely for vets and first responders.
 #### History Ever since our July 2024 opening, we’ve grown exponentially at Veritas Jiu Jitsu. We doubled in size in under a year, moving from a 4,000 square-foot to a 8,000 square-foot facility. Our growth has been supported by our passion for Jiu Jitsu, focus on being family-oriented, and building a community of camaraderie. We have brought coaches with diverse backgrounds and experiences together to create a well rounded and well thought out program. Veritas has successfully competed at a wide variety of stages including: American Grappling Federation, Jiu Jitsu World League, NAGA, Newbreed, multiple MMA and kickboxing promotions. We look forward to upcoming challenges on and off the mat!

 ### Take a look at the Veritas Jiu Jitsu schedule! Check out our schedule and see where Veritas Jiu Jitsu fits into your weekly calendar!

 View Schedule Download Schedule

 #### Meet the ### Veritas Jiu Jitsu team Bringing in a vast amount of experience, all our instructors’ unique backgrounds provide a dynamic Jiu Jitsu academy to train. Take a look at our team and see the people who make Veritas Jiu Jitsu a place where we work hard and play hard while having fun!

 ##### Justin Overton ###### Owner and Head Instructor

 ##### Kylie Overton ###### Owner and Instructor

 ##### Andy Nguyen ###### Drill Lab & Leg Lock Instructor

 ##### Doug Kimball ###### Fundamental Jiu Jitsu Instructor

 ##### Kyler Smith ###### Instructor

 ##### Dustin Hudlow ###### Striking/Kickboxing Instructor

 ##### Keegan Carter ###### Jiu Jitsu Instructor

 ##### Alvaro Ferry ###### Instructor

 ##### Nate Randall ###### Jiu Jitsu Instructor

 #### Explore Our ### Programs
 We have quite the diverse set of classes in our Jiu Jitsu programs. From three different kids martial arts classes (two BJJ classes, one striking class) to four martial arts classes for adults (three BJJ classes, one striking class), we have options for whatever you are looking for. Discover the right class for you and your children and get rolling onto the mats today!

 #### Jiu Jitsu ##### Tiny Kids (ages 3-7) The main focus in our Tiny Kids Jiu Jitsu program is to get our students comfortable on the mats. They receive plenty of 1-on-1 attention as we help them get 1% better every day.
 ##### Kids (ages 7-13) We implement four keys in our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes: Focus, Discipline, Respect, and Integrity. This program emphasizes bullying prevention and grows confidence in our students.
 ##### Adults (ages 13+) Every adult who starts Jiu Jitsu has their own reason for joining – and we know that. Our class allows each student to work toward their personal goals while gaining confidence in their abilities and skills.

 #### Striking ##### Kids (ages 3-13) Our Kids Striking program focuses on instilling confidence and learning the fundamentals. Our curriculum is more flexible as we adapt for each student, with some competition being included for those ready for it.
 ##### Adults (13+) This is a fight team that fully embodies our culture of camaraderie and grit. You can join this program and compete – with full support from your teammates. They travel to each others’ competitions and always have each others’ back.

 #### Fundamental Jiu Jitsu Our Fundamental Jiu Jitsu programs rotate during the week. Our Fundamental Jiu Jitsu classes are more for beginners, tailored toward mastering the basics to build up toward more advanced movements.

 #### Drill Lab & Leg Lock Class (Adults) Drill Lab & Leg Locks run on a rotating schedule during the Kids Jiu Jitsu classes—giving parents and adult students a chance to train while their kids are on the mat.
 ##### Drill Lab Drill lab gives beginner and experienced grapplers the perfect chance to get extra training in—no sparring, just high-paced, focused drills. Expect lots of movement, sweat, and skill-building. Whether you’re refining techniques or just looking for an active workout while your child is on the mat, Drill Lab delivers. Come ready to move and leave better than you came!
 ##### Leg Locks Leg locks is a focused class dedicated to lower-body submissions—covering entries, control, and finishes from various positions. Whether you’re new to leg locks or looking to refine your game, this class breaks down the details safely and systematically. Expect positional drills, reps, and time to troubleshoot with a coach. No egos, just clean technique and controlled pressure.

 ### Sign up for our one-week FREE trial! Get a whole week of Jiu Jitsu classes for free with our special offer!

 Join Now ##### Free Trial Week Sign Up ×

 ### See what our students have to say We are a community-driven academy for Jiu Jitsu in Edmond where everyone is supported. You can come in and be pushed to hit your personal goals while improving your self-defense skills and mental strength. Do you want to hear it from others? Then check out what our community has to say about what makes Veritas Jiu Jitsu a special place to join!

 Previous “Highly recommend if you have a child that is interested in learning any mixed martial arts this is the place to bring them. “

 Travis Dunn
 Google

 “They really care about everyone on and off the mat and constantly go above and beyond to help their students achieve their martial arts goals. “

 Curtis Knight
 Google

 “This is my new home for all my training. Go check them out!!”

 Lindsay Hughes
 Google

 Next

 ## Contact Us! Veritas Jiu Jitsu welcomes everyone in Edmond and those who want to train Jiu Jitsu in Oklahoma City, Guthrie, Arcadia, and Luther. You can find us off West 15th Street next to Griffin Mall!

 405-885-3535

 info@veritasokbjj.com

 1371 Fretz Dr, Edmond, OK 73003
