---
source_url: http://www.gbfriscotexas.com/privacy-policy
final_url: https://gbfriscotexas.com/privacy-policy/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:56.038Z
---

Privacy Policy

 Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your personal information when you use our services.
 Information We Collect
 We collect the following information:
 Name
 Phone Number
 Email Address
 How We Use Your Information
 We use your information to:
 Send updates and promotions via text message
 Improve our services
 Sharing of Information
 We do not share your personal information, including phone numbers, with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes.
 We may share end-user opt-in data with our subcontractors or outsourced service providers solely for the purpose of fulfilling the services we provide to you. These parties are contractually bound to protect your information and use it only as necessary to provide the agreed-upon services.
 Message Frequency
 You will receive up to 20 messages per month.
 Message and Data Rates
 Message and data rates may apply. Please consult your mobile service provider for details on these charges.
 Opt-in and Opt-out
 By providing your phone number, you consent to receive text messages from us. To opt-in, you will need to reply YES to our confirmation message. To opt out at any time, reply STOP to any message. You can also reply to HELP for help.
 Data Protection
 We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
 Customer Support
 If you have any questions or need assistance, please get in touch with our customer support at support@graciebarra.com.
 Changes to This Privacy Policy
 We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on our website.
 Automatically Collected Information
 Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Gracie Barra. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Gracie Barra website.
 Links
 This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
 Security of your Personal Information
 Gracie Barra secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Gracie Barra uses the following methods for this purpose:

 SSL Protocol

 When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
 We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
 Right to Deletion
 Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
 * Delete your personal information from our records; and
 * Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
 Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
 * Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
 * Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
 * Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
 Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
 * Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
 * Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
 * Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
 * Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
 * Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
 Children Under Thirteen
 Gracie Barra does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
 E-mail Communications
 From time to time, Gracie Barra may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
 If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Gracie Barra, you may opt out of such communications by Clicking the “Unsubscribe” button or emailing back “Unsubscribe”.
 Changes to this Statement
 Gracie Barra reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, and/or by updating any privacy information. Your continued use of the website and/or Services available after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
 Contact Information
 Gracie Barra welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Gracie Barra has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Gracie Barra at:
 Gracie Barra Frisco
 360 Stonebrook Pkwy Ste 106 – Frisco, TX 75034

 Copyright © 2025 Gracie Barra Frisco

 Privacy Policy

 This site isn’t affiliated with Facebook or any entity thereof. Once you leave this site, the responsibility lies solely with our site.

 Developed by TXX Marketing
