---
source_url: https://www.shaolinbjj.com
final_url: https://www.shaolinbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:41.233Z
---

Teens & Kids

 Adult Classes

 Self-Defense

 Family Owned & Operated
 by 6-time BBJ World Champion
 Vitor Shaolin & His Family

 ## Martial Arts For All ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for a Fit Body and Sharp Mind If you want overall fitness to be an essential part of your family’s lifestyle, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the perfect year-round sport for you and your kids. In addition to fostering physical fitness, practicing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu builds self-confidence, focus, and critical thinking skills in people of all ages.
 Whether you’re looking to learn a new skill or have been practicing BJJ for years, Vitor Shaolin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy has classes for you:
 Learn More Try a Free Class

 ## Kids' Classes Vitor Shaolin BJJ Academy is your source for professional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training for kids and toddlers age three and older. From beginner- to advanced-level classes, our professional BJJ instructors will help bully-proof your kids by helping them master proper martial arts techniques, improving their self-confidence, and instilling in them the life-long values of respect and perseverance.
 + Kids & Teens + Toddlers

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Adults Adults of any age and gender enjoy getting great workouts, learning a dynamic sport, and meeting new friends in the adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at Vitor Shaolin BJJ Academy. Whether you're an advanced student or are new to BJJ, you'll fit right in at our warm and friendly Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school. Many of our adult BJJ students are taking classes as a way to bond with their BJJ-enthusiast kids! To learn more about our professionally taught adult classes, visit our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes page.
 + Adult Classes

 ## Self-Defense Classes Men and women of all ages and sizes can increase their self-confidence by learning the practical self-defense techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. At VSBJJA, self-defense classes are exclusively taught by six-time world champion Vitor Shaolin, who has been Valente Brothers certified to teach self-defense. To learn more about the top-notch men's and women's self-defense classes at VSBJJA, visit our self-defense classes page.
 + Self-Defense

 ## Why Choose Vitor Shaolin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu enthusiasts recommend VSBJJA because of our professional martial arts instruction, the welcoming environment at our studio, and much more:
 ### Expert Instruction VSBJJA owner Vitor Shaolin, six-time world champion and 6-degree blackbelt, regularly teaches classes on-site at our Scotch Plains, NJ studio. Since your safety is our #1 priority, all of our instructors are six-degree BJJ black belts and professionally trained to teach proper Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu technique at all levels.
 ### Focused Only on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu The best way to become proficient in self-defense is to practice just one practical martial art. As such, our professional instructors teach only Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at VSBJJA.
 ### Clean, Spacious Facility Because your health and safety is our priority, we make sure our spacious, comfortable BJJ studio is kept clean and meets all safety standards.
 ### Family Atmosphere As a family-owned and operated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school, we’re known for our supportive, family-like atmosphere where our students encourage each other. Vitor Shaolin’s children train at VSBJJA, and parents of young BJJ students feel comfortable leaving their children with us in our well-supervised, caring environment.
 ### Free Trial Class or Early Start Program We make it easy for you to get started by offering you one commitment-free trial class , or two classes for only $29 .

 ## Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training Vitor Shaolin BJJ Academy has a proven history of helping men, women, teens, children and first responders in the Berkeley Heights , Gillette, Mountainside , New Providence , North Plainfield , Plainfield , Scotch Plains , Springfield , Summit , Watchung , and Westfield , NJ area to achieve new levels of physical fitness, improve their cognitive abilities, manage stress, and meet new friends through the practice of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Regardless of age or gender, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the martial art for you!
 ### Get Started Today! Sign up for a FREE CLASS or our EASY START TRIAL PROGRAM by calling us at 551-556-3338 or visiting our clean, spacious, easily accessible studio at 1985 US-22 in Scotch Plains.
 Try A Class
