---
source_url: https://progressivemartialartsgf.com
final_url: https://www.progressivemartialartsgf.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:15.121Z
---

World-Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts training in a family-friendly environment.
 ## Brazilian Jiu-jitsuin Grand Forks, ND

 View our classes
 View our classes

 ### Brazilian jiu-jitsu • mixed martial arts • kickboxing • fitness • Self defense • YOUTH CLASSES • Law enforcement Defensive Tactics •

 Progressive Martial Arts has been an established full-time training and fitness facility for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts in the Grand Forks - East Grand Forks area since 1995. Our classes are designed for individuals of all fitness levels, from beginners to experienced athletes. Whether you're looking to improve your overall fitness or searching for a new and exciting way to stay active, our experienced coaches, with over 40 years of combined experience, will assist you in achieving your goals. We offer a close-knit family approach and a relaxed learning environment, making it easy for you to learn and enjoy your training. Whether you're interested in competing in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or Mixed Martial Arts, learning self-defense, or simply picking up a new skill, we can help you achieve your goals.

 About us
 About us

 Progressive Martial Arts proudly partners with local law enforcement providing specialized defensive tactics training that emphasizes in de-escalation and control. By incorporating the principles of leverage and body mechanics inherent in BJJ, we equip officers with the skills to safely and effectively manage high-stress encounters, minimizing risks for both the officer and the public they bravely serve.
 Contact us today for more information

 testimonials

 - BJJ is hard, really hard. Honestly, it is probably one of the most difficult things I’ve done, but it’s extremely rewarding. It teaches you humility, focus, perseverance - the list could go on forever. What is the key that makes this challenging yet rewarding activity so worthwhile: the awesome coaches, instructors, and fellow practitioners at PMA. I can’t say enough about the positive experiences I’ve had at PMA. The instructors are supportive, encouraging, and extremely knowledgeable. They have created a safe, comfortable place for practitioners of all different skill levels, focusing on on growth and development. For anyone looking to train, no matter how much experience you have with BJJ, the instructors and students at PMA will welcome you, push you, and challenge you in the most positive and productive way. Matt S. - former NHL hockey player - Awesome place to train and learn. I came in the door knowing very little about Jiu-Jitsu, and was welcomed with open arms. Can't say enough about how awesome and supportive the coahes are. They are very invested in their students growth and development. If you live near the Grand Forks area and have been wanting to try self defense martial arts, don't hesitate to drop in and take a class! Brad S. - United States Air Force, Colorado Springs, CO - I am a BJJ black belt with Gracie Barra and was looking for a place to roll while I was in Grand Forks, fortunately I found Progressive Martial Arts. What a great, welcoming group of folks who love to practice Jiu-Jitsu. I highly recommend anyone who is hesitating to walk into Progressive, to come in, meet Ken and the other students, you won't regret it and you will wish you started earlier! Mario G. - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt, Corpus Christi, TX
