---
source_url: https://www.bjj-school-belfast.com
final_url: https://www.bjj-school-belfast.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:07.446Z
---

## About BASE Jiu Jitsu BASE Jiu Jitsu is an official IBJJF-certified academy led by expert Black Belt coaches with over 40 years experience practising Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Join us, and learn self defence and sport jiu-jitsu in a friendly, welcoming environment.

 ## Join us, and enjoy...

 ...Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) - the world's most effective martial art!

 BASE Jiu Jitsu is led by expert Black Belt coaches with over 40 years experience practising Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. The club is run by its members, for its members. Join us, and learn self defence and sport jiu-jitsu in a friendly, welcoming environment, under the watchful eye of fully qualified coaches.
 Our Beginners’ Programme is open to people of all ages and abilities, and will help you get started on your BJJ journey, while our Advanced classes cater for the more experienced practitioner, delving deeper into the strategies, grips and takedowns of modern Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Train with Irish and British champions!
 Register your interest below and we’ll send you additional information on our new club.

 ### High-level instruction

 ### Warm, friendly training environment

 ### Study takedown, clinch and ground techniques

 ### Realistic, reality-based self defence

 ### "Jiu-jitsu is the gentle art. It’s the art where a small man or woman is going to prove to you that no matter how strong you are, no matter how mad you get, that you’re going to have to accept defeat. That's what Brazilian Jiujitsu is.” - Saulo Ribeiro, BJJ World Champion

 Learn more..
