---
source_url: http://www.martialartswilmingtonnc.com/classes/
final_url: https://martialartswilmingtonnc.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:04.193Z
---

Limited Time Offer! Get 2 weeks + a uniform for $29!

 # Martial Arts Programs Available In Wilmington

 Program ## Martial Arts Our Martial Arts training truly has something for everyone in Wilmington. We're proud to offer classes in a wide range of disciplines, including self-defense skills, competition training, and even Kids Martial Arts classes.

 Program ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Martial Arts & More Wilmington's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Wilmington offer a complete training system that concentrates on your ability to use leverage and superior body position to control your opponent on the ground regardless of size or strength.

 Program ## Kids Martial Arts If you want to enroll your child is a meaningful sport, that will not only keep them in great shape but also build confidence and discipline, this is the program for you! Whether your child is shy or outgoing, we guarantee this program can offer something great for everyone!

 Program ## Muay Thai Muay Thai in Wilmington is for anyone who wants to gain realistic self-defense moves, all while getting in amazing shape! Muay Thai uses fast-paced and powerful moves to shape, sculpt, and tone every muscle in your body.

 Program ## Fitness Kickboxing Burn fat, build strength, and learn incredible self-defense skills in our Fitness Kickboxing classes. We're helping men and women all across Wilmington find success. This program is great for all experience levels.

 Can’t speak more highly of this place. The kids learn a wealth of knowledge. The folks that run it are amazing & kind. The coaches are exceptional & have a vast understanding of everything they teach. They go above and beyond to make everyone feel welcome & included. Very impressed. 10/10 ~ you all are amazing! Keep up the fantastic work!

 Been with the gym for three years, went there for the promotion and to get my kids out of the house. Told them I do it with them, and I wish I had found the place earlier. Great gym to be part of, coaches and other members become friends and we get together on weekends outside of the gym. Great help with getting kids to come out of their shell and the same can be said for adults. 🤙

 I am learning BJJ as an adult here. It is truly a supportive and welcoming community. The instructors and other students are friendly and really make you feel welcome. This has been a wonderful place to train at as a woman who was nervous to start BJJ. 10/10 would recommend

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
