---
source_url: http://www.martialartswilmingtonnc.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://martialartswilmingtonnc.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:04.544Z
---

Limited Time Offer! Get 2 weeks + a uniform for $29!

 # Wilmington Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes

 ## Learn Jiu Jitsu and Get In Amazing Shape! April Specials! Imagine being attacked. Now imagine that you have the skills to turn the tables on your attacker, taking him down with effortless ease and making him wish he’d never crossed your path. When you learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Martial Arts & More Wilmington you’ll learn the skills you need to take the fight to the ground and put an end to it in seconds, leaving your attacker begging for mercy!

 ## THE MOST EFFECTIVE SELF-DEFENSE CLASS EVER IN WILMINGTON, NC If you’re serious about learning self-defense, you don’t need to look any further than the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Martial Arts & More Wilmington. Our black belt Jiu Jitsu masters will teach you all of the classic Jiu Jitsu moves, from its powerful grappling and ground fighting techniques to its inescapable submission holds. Regardless of your size, shape or fitness level, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will prepare you for the worst by teaching you how to be your best!
 With each new Jiu Jitsu class you take at Martial Arts & More Wilmington, you'll notice your self-confidence skyrocket as you develop the bodyguard-grade self-defense skills. All the while, you’ll be getting an incredible workout that will trim you down and shape you up faster than any other workout you could try!
 But world-class self-defense skills and an amazing body are just for starters. You’ll also enjoy dozens of added benefits when you take Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Martial Arts & More Wilmington. Just take a look:
 - You’ll develop razor-sharp reflexes and lightning-fast speed - You’ll experience unwavering concentration and laser-guided focus - You’ll enjoy a huge boost to your strength and stamina - Unwanted weight will effortlessly fall off - Your stress levels will plummet
 ## TRAIN WITH THE BEST AND BE UNSTOPPABLE Whether you’ve never worked out before, or whether you’re already a decorated martial arts student, our Jiu Jitsu coaches will turn you into the best fighter you can be! We’ll show you how to outsmart your opponent and get the upper hand by teaching you super-effective, yet easy-to-learn moves that use your body’s natural speed and strength as lethal weapons of self-defense!
 ## WOMENS JIU JITSU GIVES YOU A SAFE AND FUN ENVIRONMENT TO LEARN FROM THE BEST IN WILMINGTON! Ladies Jiu Jitsu is a program that we are really proud of at Martial Arts & More Wilmington. Coach Matt has coached at many schools and hated watching women leave training Jiu Jitsu because of being constantly hit on and not being treated the same as the male students. At Martial Arts & More Wilmington, once you step on the mat, our coaches don't see male or female, we just see students and everyone is treated with the same level of respect and dignity.
 At Martial Arts & More Wilmington, our Womens Jiu Jitsu program is our priority. We have more female students than any other school in the Wilmington area.
 ## YOUR SELF-DEFENSE MAKEOVER STARTS THIS MONTH! If you’re serious about mastering self-defense, then learn the most effective self-defense method from the best self-defense school around—Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Martial Arts & More Wilmington! And with new classes beginning this month, there’s no need to wait!
 To get started, and to find out about a special limited-time offer that you definitely won’t want to miss, just complete the brief contact form right on this page. When you do, we’ll give you all the information you need to take the next step to become a master of Jiu Jitsu at Martial Arts & More in Wilmington, NC!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 Can’t speak more highly of this place. The kids learn a wealth of knowledge. The folks that run it are amazing & kind. The coaches are exceptional & have a vast understanding of everything they teach. They go above and beyond to make everyone feel welcome & included. Very impressed. 10/10 ~ you all are amazing! Keep up the fantastic work!

 Been with the gym for three years, went there for the promotion and to get my kids out of the house. Told them I do it with them, and I wish I had found the place earlier. Great gym to be part of, coaches and other members become friends and we get together on weekends outside of the gym. Great help with getting kids to come out of their shell and the same can be said for adults. 🤙

 I am learning BJJ as an adult here. It is truly a supportive and welcoming community. The instructors and other students are friendly and really make you feel welcome. This has been a wonderful place to train at as a woman who was nervous to start BJJ. 10/10 would recommend

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
