---
source_url: http://www.martialartswilmingtonnc.com
final_url: https://martialartswilmingtonnc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:04.956Z
---

Limited Time Offer! Get 2 weeks + a uniform for $29!

 Lose Weight & Feel Great with our Self-Defense, BJJ, and Kids Martial Arts Classes # Helping Wilmington Accomplish Their Martial Arts And Fitness Goals View our programs Request information now

 Can’t speak more highly of this place. The kids learn a wealth of knowledge. The folks that run it are amazing & kind. The coaches are exceptional & have a vast understanding of everything they teach. They go above and beyond to make everyone feel welcome & included. Very impressed. 10/10 ~ you all are amazing! Keep up the fantastic work! ... Read More
 #### Anna J

 Been with the gym for three years, went there for the promotion and to get my kids out of the house. Told them I do it with them, and I wish I had found the place earlier. Great gym to be part of, coaches and other members become friends and we get together on weekends outside of the gym. Great help with getting kids to come out of their shell and the same can be said for adults. 🤙 ... Read More
 #### Joe Hickman

 I am learning BJJ as an adult here. It is truly a supportive and welcoming community. The instructors and other students are friendly and really make you feel welcome. This has been a wonderful place to train at as a woman who was nervous to start BJJ. 10/10 would recommend ... Read More
 #### Heather W

 See More Reviews

 ## Martial Arts Our Martial Arts training truly has something for everyone in Wilmington. We're proud to offer classes in a wide range of disciplines, including self-defense skills, competition training, and even Kids Martial Arts classes.

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Martial Arts & More Wilmington's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Wilmington offer a complete training system that concentrates on your ability to use leverage and superior body position to control your opponent on the ground regardless of size or strength.

 ## Kids Martial Arts If you want to enroll your child is a meaningful sport, that will not only keep them in great shape but also build confidence and discipline, this is the program for you! Whether your child is shy or outgoing, we guarantee this program can offer something great for everyone!

 - Adult BJJ - Get 2 weeks + a uniform for $29! $ 29 / 2 Weeks - Kids BJJ or Muay Thai - Get 2 weeks + a uniform for $29! $ 29 / 2 Weeks - Adult Muay Thai - Get 2 weeks + a uniform for $29! $ 29 / 2 Weeks

 ## More About Martial Arts & More Wilmington Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that teaches a smaller person how to defend them self against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper technique. The Gracie family, the founders of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, modified Judo and traditional Japanese Jiu-Jitsu to create the art. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is such an effective form of self-defense that it is the foundation for the U.S. Military and Special Operations Community's hand to hand combat programs.

 Martial Arts & More Wilmington ## ABOUT US Top Reasons to Train at Martial Arts & More Wilmington

 #### Self Confidence There are a wealth of benefits that come from healthy self-confidence from helping you manage fears and maintain a positive mental attitude. Train with us and you'll discover there is no better way to build your confidence then with the Martial Arts.

 #### Builds Mental Toughness With self-discipline comes all kinds of beneficial improvements to your life including advanced focus, new found respect, better health & fitness along with having an easier time at work or school. The bedrock of Martial Arts is founded on teaching discipline and self-control to its students.

 #### Self-Defense Knowledge of Self-Defense produces advantages far beyond looking cool and hoisting trophies. With these skills you'll learn to defend yourself in a variety of situations, whether life-threatening or you're being bullied in school. Not only that, but you'll gain the confidence to use - or not use - these skills to keep you and your family safe.

 #### Builds Lifelong Friendships Our team is dedicated to your success. Whether that means pushing you to your limits, being a friend in a time of need or spending extra time to show you a technique you're struggling with, our community is here to make you feel comfortable and safe while having fun and learning effective techniques.

 Can’t speak more highly of this place. The kids learn a wealth of knowledge. The folks that run it are amazing & kind. The coaches are exceptional & have a vast understanding of everything they teach. They go above and beyond to make everyone feel welcome & included. Very impressed. 10/10 ~ you all are amazing! Keep up the fantastic work!

 Been with the gym for three years, went there for the promotion and to get my kids out of the house. Told them I do it with them, and I wish I had found the place earlier. Great gym to be part of, coaches and other members become friends and we get together on weekends outside of the gym. Great help with getting kids to come out of their shell and the same can be said for adults. 🤙

 I am learning BJJ as an adult here. It is truly a supportive and welcoming community. The instructors and other students are friendly and really make you feel welcome. This has been a wonderful place to train at as a woman who was nervous to start BJJ. 10/10 would recommend

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
