---
source_url: https://www.silverfoxbjj561.com
final_url: https://silverfoxbjj561.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:45.092Z
---

Skip to content ## Unlock Your Potential

 ## Experience World-Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instruction Here at Silver Fox Academy 561

 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Call: (561) 440-3552

 ## SILVERFOX 561 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU ACADEMY

 Located in the heart of West Palm Beach, our mission is to bring high level Brazilian Jiujitsu to help you improve all aspects of your life, using martial arts to get fit, boost your mood and build confidence.
 We welcome both beginners and advanced practitioners to our state-of-the-art school.
 Join us and kickstart your Brazilian Jiujitsu journey! Sign-Up Today!

 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ### ENRIQUE GALARZA

 Enrique is a 2nd Degree Black Belt under Karel “Silver Fox” Pravec. As a full time Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, he has dedicated his life to this martial art. Not only to improve his own skills, but also on developing teaching methods for both adults and kids with the same passion he has for training it.
 He has extensive competition experience and has also trained with some of the best practitioners in the world (i.e Gordon Ryan, Garry Tonon, Craig Jones, Joao and Paulo Miyao, Danielle Kelly, Erin Blanchfield, etc.) that allows him to cater the needs of both competitors and hobbyist of this Martial Art.

 ### BLACK BELT COMPETITION ACCOMPLISHMENTS

 - IBJJF No-Gi Pan American Bronze Medalist - IBJJF No-Gi New York Open Champion - IBJJF No-Gi Toronto Open Champion - SOGI middleweight Champion - Finishers SubOnly "Money in the Bank" Middleweight Champion (#1 Middleweight Contender) - Fight 2 Win Veteran

 ### MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu

 At SilverFoxBJJ, we pride ourselves on fostering a friendly and welcoming atmosphere for practitioners of all levels. We believe that a supportive community is essential for growth and enjoyment in BJJ. You’ll be greeted with respect and encouragement. Our emphasis on camaraderie and teamwork creates a positive environment where everyone feels included and motivated to reach their full potential. Join us and experience the warmth and camaraderie of our BJJ family.

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu

 Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) classes offer a fun and safe environment for children to learn the fundamentals of this dynamic martial art. Kids will develop essential skills like discipline, respect, and teamwork while learning basic BJJ techniques, improving coordination, and building self-confidence. Join us for an engaging class that promotes physical fitness, self-defense, and character development in a supportive setting.

 ## Personal Instruction

 With one-on-one guidance from a highly skilled BJJ instructor, you can tailor your training to your specific goals and needs. Whether you’re a beginner looking to grasp the basics or an advanced practitioner aiming to refine your techniques, personal instruction provides valuable attention and feedback to accelerate your progress. Benefit from customized drills, technique breakdowns, and detailed analysis, all designed to maximize your growth in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## All Level Classes

 Experience the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in our dynamic and engaging classes. Our classes focus on teaching fundamental techniques, improving grappling skills, and enhancing overall fitness. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced practitioner, our classes provide a challenging yet supportive environment to help you refine your technique, build strength, and boost your self-confidence. Join us on the mats and unlock the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
