---
source_url: https://www.studiox.nyc/adult-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.studiox.nyc/adult-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.237Z
---

## Adult Jiu Jitsu Our Adult Program offers classes seven days a week, tailored to all skill levels, from basic and foundational to advanced training. Each class is thoughtfully structured with a comprehensive curriculum to create an optimal learning environment for every student.

 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Gi and NoGi classes are separated into three categories:
 Basics classes serve as an introduction to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, focusing on the foundational techniques, positions, and concepts of the sport, as well as self-defense techniques and scenarios. These classes are open to everyone, regardless of experience—visitors and first-timers are welcomed and encouraged to join!
 All Levels classes are open to anyone and everyone with an interest in learning more about the culture of Studio X and our approach to the sport. These classes assume a preliminary understanding of what jiu-jitsu is; instruction focuses on fundamental techniques of the art, common situations in sport scenarios, and live sparring.
 Advanced classes place a heavy emphasis on resistance drilling of common sport scenarios and live sparring. Although these classes are open to all members, it is recommended that participants have at least 1 year of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or equivalent grappling experience before attending. Unfortunately, these classes are closed to first-time visitors without prior grappling experience.

 #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 #### &

 #### NoGi Jiu-Jitsu (Submission Grappling)

 #### Supplementary Training

 Muay Thai , sometimes referred to as Thai-boxing, is a combat sport that uses stand-up striking, sweeps, and various clinching techniques. This discipline is known as the "Art of eight limbs", as it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees, and shins. Training this striking art is a perfect complement to jiu-jitsu's ground game for any well-rounded mixed martial artist.
 Wrestling for Jiu-Jitsu classes focus on techniques from the world of freestyle wrestling, brought over and modified for practical application in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Submission Grappling. These classes are open to all Studio X members, regardless of prior grappling experience.
 Open Drilling training sessions are study-based classes with a Studio X | Checkmat NYC instructor present. Students have the opportunity to ask questions about movesets and scenarios, as well as bring in videos of instruction or competition, in order to help them understand the sport at a deeper level and aid in their progression. These classes are open to all Studio X members, regardless of prior grappling experience.
 Open Mat training sessions are similar to open drilling sessions, but students typically utilize this time to practice their techniques via live training and resistance drills rather than dedicated study. Participants are encouraged to bring both Gi and NoGi attire, as training is varied and commonly switches formats mid-session. Open Mats are open to all Studio X members and visitors alike!

 Still have quesitons on what program or which classes would be right for you? Feel free to reach out to us via phone call at +1-646-875-0920 or via Instagram DM . Otherwise, see our schedule and click on any available time slot to book a class and let us know you’re coming! Either way, we hope to see you on the mats!
