---
source_url: https://www.studiox.nyc/kids-camp
final_url: https://www.studiox.nyc/kids-camp
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.379Z
---

#### Join Studio X Kids summer camp for an unforgettable experience filled with exciting activities, including Capoeira and Jiu Jitsu classes, Portuguese lessons, yoga and meditation, and tons of fun games. Our camp is the only one in New York that offers all Jiu Jitsu and Capoeira activities, giving your kids a unique opportunity to learn and practice these martial arts. Our Portuguese lessons will help them pick up a new language, while our yoga and meditation sessions will help them relax and unwind. With a wide range of engaging activities, your kids will never be bored with us. Don't miss out on this incredible summer camp experience! Full Week Early Bird Pricing $600
 Day Pass $120
 Each child will get a Studio X Shirt, Water Bottle, and Bag.
 (Discounts available email for more information // Pick up and drop off flexible )

 #### Kids Jiu Jitsu

 Our fun, structured, and disciplined kids' classes focus on self-defense and Jiu-Jitsu movements to boost self-confidence, social skills, and concentration. With expert martial arts instruction, personal attention, and individualized achievement, we help kids discover their best qualities and increase their focus and energy levels.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 #### Capoeira

 Our classes develop athleticism, strength, respect, discipline, coordination, and musical skills. In Capoeira, kids work on flexibility, reflexes, agility, rhythm, basic acrobatics, and self-confidence. They also learn basic Portuguese greetings, technique names, and Capoeira songs.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 #### Portuguese Lessons

 Throughout these lessons, the kids will learn basic greetings, basic phrases, and other useful vocabulary that they can use in their day-to-day interactions. We will also be delving into the fascinating worlds of Capoeira and jiu jitsu, and teaching the kids the Portuguese names for various techniques and movements.
 Not only will these lessons help the kids to develop a better understanding of the Portuguese language, but they will also gain a deeper appreciation for the rich culture and history of Brazil. We will make sure to keep things light and engaging, so that the kids have a fun and memorable experience while they learn.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 #### Yoga/Meditation

 Our yoga classes for children offer tools for life. Stretching and poses are inspired by animals and nature, and promote physical and emotional balance, flexibility, and coordination. Group exercises, mindfulness activities, and storytelling develop confidence, focus, and body awareness. Breathing and visualization exercises teach relaxation and self-control, and we emphasize empathy, compassion, and self-love. Our goal is to nurture mindfulness and well-being in young minds.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 #### Fun Summer Games

 Get ready to kick off your summer with a bang, because it's going to be packed with all sorts of amazing activities! Not only will you be able to dive headfirst into some top-notch Jiu Jitsu, Capoeira, and yoga sessions, but we're also going to be turning up the fun factor with a ton of exciting summer games. And that's not all - we might even take a trip to the local waterpark, catch a blockbuster movie, and indulge in a fantastic picnic amidst the stunning outdoors of New York City. Are you excited yet? Because we sure are! Let's make this summer one for the books!"

 Sign up
 Sign up

 ## Lock In Your Spot Oh my goodness, have you heard the news? Spots for the StudioX summer camp are filling up faster than we could have ever imagined! But don't worry, you can still secure your spot by filling out the form below and reserving your spot today! And wait, there's more! Every camper who registers will receive their very own StudioX summer camp tee! How amazing is that?! So what are you waiting for? Fill out that form and get ready for the adventure of a lifetime! One of our incredible team members will be in touch with you soon to finalize your registration and answer any questions you may have. Let's go, campers!
