---
source_url: https://www.studiox.nyc
final_url: https://www.studiox.nyc/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.467Z
---

# Studio X # Brazilian # Jiu-Jitsu

 Studio X is New York City’s original Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy. Opening its doors in 1995 under the leadership of Professor Fabio Clemente, a pioneer of BJJ on the East Coast and 3x Pan American Champion, Studio X offers classes 7 days a week, brought to you by a passionate team of IBJJF World Champions, active high-level competitors, and lifelong students of the game. We would love to have you join us and help you reach your goals. See you on the mats!

 Testimonials

 - "What I found here is a great environment, with top and dedicated coaches and teammates that are super invested in helping you improve and keep a healthy and vibrant community around the gym" Phil Calçado - "I started training not knowing a single thing a year ago and never have been at a loss for help and support from other students and coaches" Jon Valones - "You will be inspired to work harder and do more than you ever thought you could not just for yourself but also for your teammates and professor" Nicole Mathew - "Great place to train. Incredible knowledge from the coaches and great competitors to learn from. The smaller gym really lets you get individual attention from everyone there" Vincent Caputi - "Been training here for six years. Real family vibe. My two younger brothers train here with me, the gym is owned by a family, there are other families that train here. The classes are of a medium size so the coaches know you by name and pay attention to your personal growth" Gregory Li - I’ve been training at Studio X for two years, starting with no martial arts experience, and it’s been incredible. The community is welcoming, supportive, and perfect for beginners, especially women. The gym’s legacy as the oldest in New York, along with its deep ties to Brazil, makes it truly unique. I’ve attended barbecues, fight watches, and even traveled to Brazil to learn more about the culture. Studio X has been a fantastic place to grow and learn. Kristin Scholten

 ## “Nobody has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training. It is a shame for someone to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which their body is capable.” — Socrates
