---
source_url: https://www.evolutionmmachicago.pro
final_url: https://evolutionmmachicago.pro/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:42.028Z
---

Scroll

 ### COME FIGHT WITH US # BOXING. MUAY THAI. JIU-Jitsu.

 photo gallery

 ## $120 per month | unlimited classes!

 Sign Up Now

 ## not sure where to start?

 FAQs & Gym Rules

 ## About Evolution Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) offers classes in Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Boxing, and Muay Thai / Kickboxing.
 With some of the best instructors in the nation.
 We have built one of the largest jiu-jitsu competition teams and golden gloves boxing teams in the Chicagoland area.
 Whether you want to get in shape, learn something new, or become a world-class fighter, Evolution MMA is the place for you!

 Read more about

 ## NEW FUNDAMENTALS CLASSES HAVE BEEN ADDED TO THE SCHEDULE! Following the example that built the greatest team of all time, we have added more beginners/fundamentals classes.
 The classes labeled "fundamentals" on our schedule are the official Alliance Module 1 training courses. These classes are key in bringing a new white belt up to a blue belt level, as well as a great review and opportunity for drilling for our more advanced students. Come get started on your jiu-jitsu journey!

 ## Our Members Reviews

 ## Check out all the Martial Arts classes we have to offer as well as our champion Jiu Jitsu Team Alliance and our Golden Gloves Boxing Team below

 ## Kick Boxing and Muay Thai Classes

 see our kickboxing class

 ### Learn Muay Thai and Kickboxing in the best gym with the best instructors in the Chicagoland area Start one of the best full body workouts and learn self defense at the same time from our professional instructors!
 Sign up today and get the first week on us to our gym with all our classes including Kickboxing and Muay Thai!

 Meet our Muay Thai instructors

 ## Join The Best boxing gym

 ## Boxing Classes

 see our boxing class

 ### Learn Boxing right from the best boxing gym Evolution MMA ### get a great workout at the top rated boxing gym and instructors in the Chicagoland area today. No matter what your looking for in boxing like becoming a pro and joining our Golden Gloves Team or your a beginner and want to learn boxing from the pro’s!
 Evolution MMA’s gym is perfect for you and we even give you a week free to try

 Meet our Boxing coaches

 ## Jiu Jitsu Gym with

 ## Top Rated Jiu Jitsu Classes

 see our jiu jitsu class

 ### Learn Jiu Jitsu and get a great workout in the best gym with the best students and instructors today! Are you ready to start rolling Jiu Jitsu with the best and learn from the best in Jiu Jitsu?
 Sign up today for a free week trial in our gym for all our classes including Jiu Jitsu!

 Meet our Jiu Jitsu instuctors

 ## Best Fitness Gym

 ## with the best Fitness class workouts

 ### Ready to join the best fitness gym near you and get the best workout at our classes Why just join any old Fitness Gym when you can get the best gym workout at Evolution MMA and learn Martial Arts at the same time!
 Learn Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Jiu Jitsu, MMA and Boxing at our gym in our classes and get in the best fitness and shape of your life!
 Join today with 1 week free to our gym and see why we are the best fitness gym for you near you!

 Check out the Fitness gym & classes

 “ Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations. ”

 ## Sign Up today and get your free week trial at Evolution MMA

 Become a gym member
