---
source_url: https://realamericangrappling.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://realamericangrappling.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.456Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu in Charlotte ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Real American Grappling. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Jiu Jitsu Will Help Your Child Grapple With Any Challenge in Life! Real American Grappling was formerly known as Checkmat Charlotte — our programs, coaching and ownership remain the same.
 Here at Real American Grappling, we're offering kids from across Charlotte, Steele Creek, Fort Mill, Lake Wylie, Clover, and beyond the opportunity to learn important lessons about teamwork , self-confidence , discipline , and respect ... and they'll have a fun time wrestling, playing interactive games, and staying active while they're at it! Our professional instructors will keep an eye on your child, provide them with positive role models, and make sure they are focused and attentive.
 Claim Your 3 Classes

 The martial arts aren't just about punching and kicking. They're about developing strong values and creating positive personal growth. That's what we want to offer children from around the Fort Mill and South Charlotte areas... the chance to be the very best they can be. Enroll your child in our Power Pawns program and see for yourself!
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 ## Why Choose Kids Jiu Jitsu? Training in the martial arts will help set your child up for lasting scholastic and professional success. They'll develop critical values that will help them in all walks of life, not just on the mats.
 As they strive toward the next belt, they'll learn smart goal-setting and the value of hard work . When they wrestle with their new friends and drill on techniques, they'll learning teamwork and leadership . When they practice the exact techniques to perfect their form, they'll gain discipline and focus .
 The goal of our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes is to start with the fundamentals and build upwards, developing our students into strong and dedicated youths. Real American Grappling wants to give back to the community that supports us, and we're doing so through the martial arts... from Ballantyne, Fort Mill, to Steele Creek, Lake Wylie, and beyond.
 ##### Our awesome Kids Jiu Jitsu classes in South Charlotte offer: - Improved self-confidence and self-discipline - Enhanced focus, resulting in better performance at school - Better teamwork and leadership skills - Positive role models who will provide guidance and advice
 ## And Our Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Fun! Not only will our jiu jitsu classes offer tremendous mental and spiritual benefits, but your child will love them! They're active and tons of fun . Real American Grappling's innovative training system introduces games and fun activities into the training routine, keeping kids focused and moving. They'll gain increased agility, flexibility, strength, and establish lifelong habits of physical activity. We even teach self-defense and non-violent bully prevention strategies! Our members come to us from South Charlotte, Fort Mill, Ballantyne, and all over to take advantage of this incredible opportunity.
 ##### Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes will give your child: - Better hand-eye coordination - Improved strength & flexibility - Bully prevention skills - Lifelong habits of physical fitness
 ## ## Check Out The South Charlotte Area's Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Real American Grappling is proud to be able to offer our community the chance to take on real jiu jitsu training from certified black belts. The martial arts offer so many physical, mental, and spiritual benefits, and they're guaranteed to set your child up for lasting success. Join us in South Charlotte and take advantage of your FREE classes!
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 Claim Your 3 Classes

 I can't say my appreciation enough! I dropped in for two classes while on a work trip. The head instructor was responsive to my emails and very welcoming. All of his students were also welcoming. It's clear they have a great culture at the gym that is challenging and also supportive.

 Our boys have had an awesome experience so far with Professor Michael and his team. They’re advancing quickly and their confidence is at an all time high.

 Great school. I came in for an open mat and had some really good rolls. Everyone was super welcoming and friendly. I got some great advice and feedback from everyone I rolled with.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
