---
source_url: https://realamericangrappling.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://realamericangrappling.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.689Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Charlotte ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Real American Grappling. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Put Your Fitness Goals in Checkmate With South Charlotte's Best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Real American Grappling was formerly known as Checkmat Charlotte — our programs, coaching and ownership remain the same.
 You may be wondering... what is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 If you are, it's a tough question to answer. It's a martial art, a combat sport, a practical self-defense system, a fitness program, and a community. Here at Real American Grappling, we teach Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes that contour to your goals. Whether you want to lose weight and build muscle , w ork towards your next belt , or simply build your overall health and wellness , we'll work individually with you and embrace your success as we would our own.
 Are you ready to take on the Charlotte's, Lake Wylie's, Clover's, Fort Mill's, and Steele Creek's most dynamic and exciting sport? Simply fill out the short form on your screen for more information!
 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Is About Positive Change Aside from getting a great workout, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is also a philosophy and a way of life. It's a marathon as opposed to a sprint. When you start training at Real American Grappling, you'll become part of our incredibly kind and supportive community , a member of the family, and we'll work with you to achieve your long-term goals . As you work up from your white belt, you'll gain confidence and feel healthier. You'll sleep better and feel more energetic.
 ##### Join us in South Charlotte for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and take on: - A high-energy fitness system that works for everyone - Boosted energy, better sleep, and greater wellness - Real-world self-defense skills for any situation - A community that will uplift and support you, no matter your background
 The martial arts are an ancient tradition that Real American Grappling will help you discover in a modern way. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will help you discover the mental, physical, and spiritual benefits of training. We can't put it any better than President Theodore Roosevelt :
 "The art of jiu jitsu is worth more in every way than all of our athletics combined."
 #### Are You Ready For Fort Mill's Ultimate BJJ? Stop by Real American Grappling and talk with us about your goals. Give us a call. Tour our facility. We're happy to answer your questions, talk with you about why we're so passionate about Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and show you the real results that people from all across Fort Mill, South Charlotte, and Steele Creek are getting from training with us.
 ... or just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 I can't say my appreciation enough! I dropped in for two classes while on a work trip. The head instructor was responsive to my emails and very welcoming. All of his students were also welcoming. It's clear they have a great culture at the gym that is challenging and also supportive.

 Our boys have had an awesome experience so far with Professor Michael and his team. They’re advancing quickly and their confidence is at an all time high.

 Great school. I came in for an open mat and had some really good rolls. Everyone was super welcoming and friendly. I got some great advice and feedback from everyone I rolled with.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
