---
source_url: https://realamericangrappling.com/classes/Women's-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://realamericangrappling.com/classes/Women's-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.872Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Charlotte ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Real American Grappling. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Live Fearlessly With Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes! Real American Grappling was formerly known as Checkmat Charlotte — our programs, coaching and ownership remain the same.
 If you're looking for somewhere to learn practical Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe, supportive environment, Real American Grappling is here to help with our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes
 It's a dangerous world out there. In the Charlotte, Fort Mill, Steele Creek, and Lake Wylie areas, violent crime is actually increasing... but that doesn't mean you can't live with confidence, knowing that you can defend yourself in any situation. Our women's-only Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes offer a realistic view of self-defense, teaching you how to fight back from any situation , and you can learn without pressure knowing that your peers are all there for the same reason.
 Join us in South Charlotte or simply fill out the short form on your screen for more information!

 ## Are Women's-Only Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Right For You? Our women's classes, also known as the Queens Class, are catered to provide women from across South Charlotte, Fort Mill, Steele Creek, and Lake Wylie the opportunity to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in an environment that is 100% supportive and motivational . We're here to help you learn the best techniques for any threat , giving you the opportunity to live confidently in the knowledge that you can fight back.

 ##### Get started with our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and take on: - The fundamentals of wrestling and jiu jitsu - Joint locks, submissions, and choke holds that really work - A supportive environment where you can focus on learning - The confidence you need to live life to the fullest
 ## Join Us At Real American Grappling For Authentic Brazillian Jiu Jitsu Training! No matter your age, experience, fitness level, or background, we're happy to teach you what you need to know. It's an honor for us to give back to the community that has supported and uplifted us by helping women across South Charlotte, Fort Mill, Lake Wylie, Steele Creek, and Clover stay safe. Are you ready to get started?
 Simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 I can't say my appreciation enough! I dropped in for two classes while on a work trip. The head instructor was responsive to my emails and very welcoming. All of his students were also welcoming. It's clear they have a great culture at the gym that is challenging and also supportive.

 Our boys have had an awesome experience so far with Professor Michael and his team. They’re advancing quickly and their confidence is at an all time high.

 Great school. I came in for an open mat and had some really good rolls. Everyone was super welcoming and friendly. I got some great advice and feedback from everyone I rolled with.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
