---
source_url: https://artesuavejiujitsuacademy.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=my-business
final_url: https://artesuavejiujitsuacademy.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.375Z
---

### Discover Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a Family First World Class Academy Join a tight-knit team led by passionate black belts and active competitors. Whether you're a beginner or looking to level up, Arte Suave Jiu Jitsu in Charlotte offers expert instruction, a disciplined environment, and a powerful path to confidence, fitness, and community.

 Schedule your trial class

 ## Our Programs

 ### ADULTS BJJ Our Adults BJJ Program is designed to sharpen your technique, boost your confidence, and challenge your limits. Whether you’re training for competition or self-improvement, this program will help you grow mentally and physically through the art of Jiu Jitsu.

 ### KIDS BJJ Our Kids BJJ Program focuses on discipline, respect, and fun. Through engaging classes and a supportive environment, children learn valuable life skills while developing coordination, confidence, and a strong Jiu Jitsu foundation.

 ### WOMEN BJJ Our Women’s BJJ Program offers a safe, empowering space for women of all skill levels. Learn effective self-defense, improve your fitness, and become part of a strong, inspiring community that lifts each other on and off the mats.

 ## Special Offer for those who serve!

 As a token of appreciation for your service, we’re offering an exclusive discount to all U.S. citizens who serve our communities. Join our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu family and experience world-class training at a special rate. Whether you’re looking to build strength, learn self-defense, or improve your fitness, we welcome you to train with us.

 Claim Your Discount Today

 ## How does it work to schedule your class?

 Step 1: Click the button and fill out the form.
 Step 2: Choose your class type and pick a date & time on the calendar.
 Step 3: You’ll get email and SMS confirmations with all the details.

 Schedule your trial class

 ## How does it work to schedule your class?

 Step 1: Click the button and fill out the form.
 Step 2: Choose your class type and pick a date & time on the calendar.
 Step 3: You’ll get email and SMS confirmations with all the details.

 Schedule your trial class

 ## Is Jiu Jitsu all about fighting?

 ### Self-confidence Confidence grows with mastery over body and mind. Exercise helps raise self-esteem, bringing greater assurance in various life situations.

 ### Self-defense Self-defense offers personal safety and practical skills. Learning defense techniques improves your ability to react and boosts your confidence.

 ### Less stress, more happiness Reducing stress is essential for a balanced life. Regular exercise practices help you relax and increase your overall happiness.

 ### Muscle tone Muscle toning helps define your shape and boosts endurance. With targeted exercises, you achieve a firmer and more balanced body.

 ### Physical strength Building physical strength involves regular training and proper nutrition. Increase your strength and enhance your everyday performance.

 ### Weight loss Losing weight can be achieved with healthy habits, promoting body balance and well-being. A workout routine is key to long-term results.

 ## See where you’re going to train.

 Schedule your trial class

 ### Hiago Freitas Jiu-Jitsu Instructor

 Gialysson “Hiago” Adao started training Jiu Jitsu at 16 in Vila Isabel, Rio de Janeiro, and quickly fell in love with the sport. After winning his first competition just 1.5 months in, he committed fully to his journey. Overcoming challenges in the favela with the support of his mother and coaches, he built a successful career. A decorated competitor in Brazil and the U.S., he’s also an official IBJJF referee. Today, he’s a black belt and head instructor at Arte Suave Jiu Jitsu in Charlotte, NC.

 ## Our Schedule

 ## MONDAY

 Gi All Levels 11:00 AM
 Kids 1 Gi 5:00 PM
 Kids 2 Gi 5:45 PM
 Women’s Only Gi 5:45 PM
 Gi Fundamentals 6:45 PM

 ## Tuesday

 Gi Fundamentals 6:00 AM
 Kids 3 Gi 5:45 PM
 Women’s Only Gi 5:45 PM
 Gi Basic 6:45 PM
 Gi Inter 6:45 PM
 Sparring 7:45 PM

 ## Wednesday

 No-Gi 6:00 AM
 No-Gi 11:00 AM
 Kids 1 No-Gi 5:00 PM
 Kids 2 No-Gi 5:45 PM
 Women’s Open Mat (Members Only) 5:45 PM
 No-Gi 6:45 PM

 ## Thursday

 Gi Fundamentals 6:00 AM
 Kids 3 Gi 5:45 PM
 Women’s Only No-Gi 5:45 PM
 Gi Basic 6:45 PM
 Gi Inter 6:45 PM
 Sparring 7:45 PM

 ## Friday

 NoGi Open Mat (Open to All) 6:00 AM
 Gi All Levels 11:00 AM
 Kids 1 5:00 PM
 Kids Advanced Gi 5:45 PM
 Gi Fundamentals 6:45 PM

 ## Saturday

 Kids 2 Gi 10:00 AM
 All Levels & Kids 3 (Combined Gi) 11:00 AM
 Open Mat 12:00 PM

 Schedule your trial class

 ## Our instructors

 ### James Walsh Jiu-Jitsu Instructor

 James “Jimbo” Walsh, a lifelong martial artist, was introduced to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu by his young son, Declan. At age 40, he joined GF Team Massachusetts under Robson “Mau Mau” Rodrigues and quickly fell in love with the art. After moving to Charlotte, he continued training under Coach John Piper. Jimbo earned bronze at the 2018 IBJJF World Masters and became Brown Belt World Champion in 2019, where he also received his black belt. Today, he’s co-owner and instructor at Arte Suave Jiu Jitsu, driven by his passion for the sport and its power to transform lives.

 ## What They Say About Us

 ## Frequently Asked questions

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 ### Arte Suave Jiu Jitsu Academy Built on passion, discipline, and community.

 - info@gfteamcharlotte.com - 13340 S Point Blvd, Charlotte, North Carolina 28273 - 704-989-1454

 ## © 2025 Arte Suave Jiujitsu Academy

 Made by Novodash

 Instagram Facebook
