---
source_url: http://teamhaasjudo.com
final_url: https://teamhaasjudo.com/cmsx/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:05:19.635Z
---

##### !! January - 2026 !! KIDS CLASSES STARTING JANUARY 6TH // PRELIMINARY INFO // Classes will be TUE-WED-THU from 5:00pm-5:45pm, ages 6yrs to 12yrs old, Membership Cost will be same as existing pricing structure (no Day Pass), 1 Week Free Trial, 12-Month Auto Pay Agreement required // MORE INFO HERE //

 17005 Joe Barbee Dr, Suite 500, Pflugerville, TX 78660 //Google Maps//

 #### SCHEDULE All Adult classes are integrated Judo and Jiu-Jitsu classes. The minimum age is 12yrs old. Contact us for special circumstances regarding anyone under. The majority of our student population is 18yrs - 60+yrs old.
 Kids Classes are Traditional Jiu-Jitsu classes (self-defense, punch, kick, throw, ground). The minimum age if 6yrs old. // MORE INFO HERE //

 - Monday -
 CLOSED
 - Tuesday -
 [Kids Class] 5:00pm - 5:45pm
 6:00pm - 7:30pm / 7:30pm - 9:00pm
 - Wednesday -
 [Kids Class] 5:00pm - 5:45pm
 Noon - 1:00pm / 6:00pm - 7:30pm / 7:30pm - 9:00pm
 - Thursday -
 [Kids Class] 5:00pm - 5:45pm
 Noon - 1:00pm / 6:00pm - 7:30pm / 7:30pm - 9:00pm
 - Friday -
 Noon - 1:00pm / 6:00pm - 7:30pm
 - Saturday ** -
 10:00am - Noon / Open Training Noon - 1:30pm
 - Sunday -
 CLOSED
 ** Saturday training
 Regular Class and Open Training, is equivalent to attending a Clinic every Saturday. Open Training is for members that attended the 10:00am training. Members not required to stay for Open Training.

 - Gi Requirements -
 GI is required, but not to start training. We can order a Gi for you, or can get your own online. Color doesn't matter as long as it's a grappling Gi.

 #### MEMBERSHIP - Free Trial -
 - 2 Weeks Adults / 1 Week Kids -
 Any potential new Member is more than welcome to take full advantage of a 2 Week Free Trial for the Adult classes and 1 Week Free Trial for the Kids classes. After that, all Membership Pricing is listed below. No Bait-and-Switch or Hidden Fees.

 - Unlimited Membership -
 $200 / month
 - Judo Jiu-Jitsu Day Pass * -
 $50 / day
 * Adult Classes Only
 - Private Lessons -
 $150 / lesson
 - Family [Add-On] Members * -
 $150 / month / additional member
 * The Primary Member is already signed up as an Unlimited or First Responder Member
 - Discounted Membership * -
 $150 / month
 * Member must be active Police, Fire, EMS, Public or Private School Teacher

 - Auto Pay / Contracts -
 We have an Auto Pay system setup due to so many requests from Members that do not want to login to the Member Portal every month to pay.
 TO BE VERY CLEAR. The Auto Pay Agreement / Contract is NOT with a 3rd Party provider like most Martial Arts Schools or Gym Memberships. The Agreement is directly with Team Haas Judo Jiu-Jitsu. // MORE INFO HERE // .
 ADULT AGREEMENT :
 Month-to-Month Agreement with only a 30-Day Notice of Cancellation.
 KIDS AGREEMENT :
 12-Month Agreement with Notice of Cancellation a minimum of 30-Days prioir to Agreement renewal.

 #### HEAD INSTRUCTOR Sensei Chad Haas, student of Sensei Zdenek Matl, currently holds the rank of Rokudan (6th Dan Black Belt) in Judo and Jiu-Jitsu. Sensei Haas started training and teaching Judo and Jiu-Jitsu with Sensei Matl in 1993. Sensei Haas received his Judo and Jiu-Jitsu Shodan (1st Dan Black Belt) from Sensei Matl in December of 1994. //link-to-full-bio//
 Sensei Haas has published some interesting Articles on Judo, Training, Ranking, and other topics on the Philosophy page.

 #### OUR SYSTEM - SAFE. SIMPLE. EFFECTIVE. Our system of techniques are built on the foundation of physics, body mechanics, and technical timing. Because of this, we have very few injuries while training. If a technique is not working for you, we look at these aspects to resolve the problem. We will not tell you that you need to do more push ups or run more miles. Because of this, we are able to practice, fight, and apply the true principals of Judo and Jiu-Jitsu at an older age. Our class ages range from Teens to Adults in their 50's, and older.
 Our ultimate focus is to learn and practice Judo how it was originally intended by it's founder, Jigaro Kano. While our focus is learning the Art of Judo and Jiu-Jitsu as a complete system of Self-Defense, we do have students to occasionally compete in Judo and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) competitions.

 SKILLS :
 Judo & Jiu-Jitsu Techniques, Combinations, Counters, Self Defense, Striking Integration, Ne-Waza (Ground Fighting), Defensive Tactics, Philosophy, Strategy, and Shiai. Our focus is teaching good Judo & Jiu-Jitsu that is safe, simple, and effective.
 We also specialize in Defensive Tactics training for the Law Enforcement community. Sensei Haas has extensive experience training Law Enforcement under official capacity at various Law Enforcement agencies and academies in the area. //link-to-full-bio//

 RANKING :
 There is no testing for rank. Rank is awarded when the student knows the techniques necessary for the next rank. Minimum training requirements for rank start at Ikkyu (Brown Belt) and you must actively hold that rank for 1-Year. You must be at the current rank for the number years equal to the next rank to be eligible for the next rank.
 EXAMPLE :
 You must be an Ikkyu (Brown Belt) for 1-year before eligible for Shodan (1st Dan Black Belt). Once you achieve Shodan (1st Dan Black), you must hold this rank for for 2-years before being eligible for Nidan (2nd Dan Black). By the time the rank of Judan (10th Dan Black) is attained, a practitioner will have been actively practicing and teaching as a Black Belt for a minimum of 54-years from the time of receiving their Shodan.
 IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT ADVANCED RANKS :
 Starting at Sankyu (Blue Belt), students need to be able to demonstrate level of technical proficiency with a wide range of techniques as well as a durable fight ability. Because you are a good fighter, doesn't guarantee a higher rank. You MUST also be proficient with all of the techniques because you will need to be able to teach, troubleshoot, and know how to apply them in live sparring (Shiai). The same holds true in the opposite direction. Because you know the techniques, you MUST be able to be efficient and effective in live sparring (Shiai).
 On top of the physical side of things, students must consistently demonstrate traits of the Bushido Code. Honor, Respect, Honesty, and Self-Control to name a few. This is important as an upper belt because you have to lead by example for the lower belts as well as be a good representative of Team Haas outside of the Dojo.
 IMPORTANT NOTE ABOUT SHODAN (1ST DAN BLACK BELT) :
 Students MUST be at least 18yrs old to obtain the rank of Shodan. There are rare exceptions to this rule that can be made. No Kids Black Belts will be awarded.

 #### OUR FACILITY 17005 Joe Barbee Dr, Suite 500, Pflugerville, TX 78660 //Google Maps//
 This facility houses 1650 sqft. of the safest mat system on the market today. At 2 1/2 inches thick, this training floor is specifically designed to absorb the hardest falls generated from grappling. This is also the same training floor in use by the U.S. Olympic Judo Team. The mat system meets the specifications of the International Judo Federation (IFJ) and the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF).
 Super Bright Blue/Red LED Emergency Strobes to provide a more realistic atmosphere for Law Enforcement, Fire, and EMS professionals. Training with only the Red/Blue LED Strobes on introduces a level of stress that is not normally found at other training facilities that just have standard lighting arrangements.
 This facility also has a custom designed, one-of-a-kind, 100% Digital, High Definition Video System that rivals most banks. This system covers multiple angles of the entire training area with 13 HD Cameras that are a mix of 4K resolution and other HD cameras that are more than double the standard 1080p HD resolution. All training is recorded for safety and documentation purposes.
 We also have dedicated Men's and Women's Dressing Rooms.
