---
source_url: http://www.jurassicbjj.com
final_url: https://www.jurassicbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:33.348Z
---

# Welcome to Sasquatch Studios Jurassic Coast
 Where Results Matter

 Sasquatch Studios Jurassic Coast is the leading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym in Weymouth, Dorset. Our founder and head coach is a highly experienced 3rd Degree Black Belt with years of experience teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to adults and children of all ages and abilities. We strive to provide a safe and welcoming environment to all our clients and are fully insured and DBS enhanced certified. Our classes are designed to be fun and engaging while ensuring that each individual receives the attention they need to develop their skills and reach their goals. Explore our website to learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and the classes we offer.

 ## Beginners Course
 Starting on 6th November 2024

 We are running our popular beginners course. 6 weeks of unlimited classes, with 6 one hour beginner focused classes, a free Gi included and an electronic beginners starter pack.
 ###### For the low price of £75!
 Give It A Try

 ## Meet The Coach
 Chris started jiu jitsu with Mill Hill BJJ Head Instructor the late Nick Brooks at the age of 15 when the club was a purely Japanese Jiu Jitsu club. Chris enjoyed the classes immensely in all aspects but one aspect in particular was that of ground fighting. Chris and Nick would train together submission wrestling starting a Saturday club which would be the basis for what would become Mill Hill BJJ.
 After a few years Chris and Nick started training ground fighting in a Gi with Joao Santos after meeting him on a seminar and never looked back. They continued their training at the Roger Gracie Academy when it first opened in 2004. Continuing to train there on and off for the next 10 years or so.

 More About Chris

 ## Our Classes
 BJJ or Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a self defence martial art which finds its roots in early Judo as founded by Jigaro Kano in the late 19th century.
 It uses leverage, control and pins, to submit and subdue an opponent. This can be very effective when you have an opponent who is a lot bigger and not very technically adept, making the art very effective for people of a smaller satutre.
 It was a Martial Art that had been altered and developed by the Gracie family in Brazil in early to mid 20th Century. The art is always developing with new concepts because of its problem solving nature, this makes the art fluid enough to look at and test new ideas.

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Learn More

 ### No Gi Submission Grappling
 Learn More

 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 Learn More

 I was so nervous and out of my depth when I started this martial arts - I was a complete newbie and it did not intially come naturally to me. 2+ years in, and I feel incredibly comfortable and confident on the mats. Chris and the team are so patient and have given me so much support
 Laura Richardson

 ## Contact Us
 Redlands Leisure and Community Park, Dorchester Road, Weymouth, UK

 jurassicbjj@gmail.com

 07957 544777

 Name
 Address
 Email
 Phone
 Subject
 Message
 Thanks for submitting!

 Submit
