---
source_url: http://www.cvillebjj.com/jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.cvillebjj.com/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:54.408Z
---

Hit enter to search or ESC to close

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 #### “Jiu-Jitsu puts you completely in the moment where you must have complete focus on finding a solution to the problem. This trains the mind to build that focus, to increase your awareness, your capacity to solve problems.” ~ Rickson Gracie

 Contact Us

 Brazilian Jiu-jitsu teaches its practitioners to use leverage to subdue an opponent, rather than muscular strength alone. It is practiced as a sport, a self-defense method, and an art, and is a major component in mixed martial arts competition (MMA).
 Jiu-Jitsu is our passion here. Our programs are available to the entire community of Charlottesville. We have worked hard on developing our curriculum, training methods, instructors and staff to make it as accessible as possible to everyone willing to learn. We love to have visitors from other academies and encourage anyone to respectfully come roll with us.
 Interested in Jiu-Jitsu classes for your child? Learn more about our programs for Kids (ages 5-8) and Juniors (ages 9-14) .

 ### Self Defense

 Jiu-Jitsu focuses on techniques and tactics in close-quarters range, and has many practical applications for self-defense. With continued training, students learn how to control the space between themselves and an attacker. Fights often end up on the ground, whether from a simple tackle, getting hit with a big punch, or just tripping over an unexpected curb. Training Jiu-Jitsu gives you skills and techniques to maneuver on the ground, to get up and escape, or to control and restrain an aggressor.

 ### Practice Makes Perfect

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu emphasizes live training, giving students the chance to develop their skills in real time. In the Jiu-Jitsu community, sparring is called “rolling” and is a game played with the goal of submitting the other with a technical submission hold. We use joint locks and choke holds to leave the other player no other option but to surrender or “tap out”. This is done in a safe manner so that we can continue to train daily without injury.
 This is the sport/game side of Jiu-Jitsu and a lot of fun. We provide a number of open mats throughout the week to allow students time to practice and play the game.

 ### Dedication in Degrees

 In Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, practitioners are awarded different colored belts to signify their increasing levels of technical knowledge, skill, and ability. For adults, the progression starts with a white belt, then blue, purple, brown, and black.
 It takes longer to be promoted in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu than in other belt-ranked systems. Each belt takes anywhere from 1 to 3 years of regular training to move up in rank, taking up to 10+ years of consistent training to achieve a black belt.
 At our school, a student’s rank is based on his/her knowledge, physical skill, length of time training, attitude, and overall quality of movement and understanding. While earning any particular rank is an achievement, it is a mistake to place too much focus on this as an end in and of itself. Focus on training, develop the techniques, have a positive attitude, and everything else will follow naturally.

 ### The Uniform

 To this day, Jiu-Jitsu sport practitioners still wear the traditional uniform from Japan, called a “gi.” The Jiu-Jitsu gi is made of thick material and tailored differently than other martial arts uniforms. A colored belt tied around the waist indicates a student’s rank.
 In our classes, students learn how to control their partner using a variety of grips on the gi.
 Unless noted otherwise, the Level 1 classes on our schedule are gi classes. Members are required to purchase their own Jiu-Jitsu gi and belt. Both are available for sale in our pro shop for your convenience; we can advise you on the size you need. You can also find these items online. We also have gi’s and belts available for day rental, if you forget yours. We have regular no-gi classes on our schedule .

 ### Getting Started

 Beginners are welcomed in our Level 1 classes. For those completely new to martial arts, we also offer an on-going 5-week Basics course . In this course, we walk new students through the positional hierarchy of Jiu-Jitsu, building familiarity with terms like “guard,” “side control,” and “mount,” and provide instruction on line drills – setting you up to succeed in our Level 1 classes. Many take our 5-week Basics course twice, adding the Level 1 classes alongside the second time through.

 ## We love to have visitors from other academies and encourage anyone to respectfully come roll with us.

 ### Interested in training with us?

 Contact us today!

 All Rights Reserved, CVL BJJ

 - -

 -
