---
source_url: http://www.cvillebjj.com
final_url: https://www.cvillebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:54.642Z
---

Hit enter to search or ESC to close

 # Training at CVL BJJ
 #### good people – good vibes – great training

 ## Charlottesville Brazilian

 ## Jiu-Jitsu

 Basics Course

 Visit Us!

 Button Text

 #### CVL BJJ is conveniently located in downtown Charlottesville, VA. We are proud to offer a welcoming and friendly environment for all ages and experience levels to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Contact us today to start training!

 ## Our Programs

 ##### For Adults: ## Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches its practitioners to use leverage to subdue an opponent, rather than muscular strength alone.
 It is practiced as a sport, a self-defense method, and an art, and is a major component in mixed martial arts competition (MMA).
 ##### Learn More

 ##### For ages 5-8: ## Kids Jiu-Jitsu We teach kids the fundamentals of how to move their bodies on the mats through interactive partner drills, fun physical challenges, and movement based games.
 Kids develop good sportsmanship and a solid physical and mental foundation for the game of jiu-jitsu and the game of life.
 ##### Learn More

 ##### For ages 9-14: ## Juniors Jiu-Jitsu In our Juniors Jiu-Jitsu program, we see students develop their problem-solving skills, form lasting friendships, and set goals for themselves that expand their horizons.
 With consistent training, your child will develop their coordination, balance, and agility, while building confidence and self-defense skills.
 ##### Learn More

 ## ## Recent Posts
 cvillebjj
 Observation of our sport is a keystone learning to

 Friday night Pajama Fights!

Our Spring In-house l

 We have the power to shape those around us by the

 These guys keep getting better! Silver medals in t

 Teamwork makes the dreamwork.

Set your goals and

 "If it is endurable, then endure it." -Marcus Aure

 Just shrimp…that is all…🧐

 Teamwork is at the heart of our practice. Every ro

 This Sunday is our Womens group open mat. Open and

 This evening!! 3/6 from 6-7pm

Dr. Alan Barb and D

 Last minute replacement at the Rocket Combat Sport

 “We promise to use our Jiu-Jitsu to lift people up

 Presented by: Whole Strength Performance Physical

 More than training partners — we’re a team.

Women

 💪✨Our next Women’s Group meets this Sunday, Februa

 Starting this week with coach Meredith!!

 Register at the front desk: This free workshop wil

 We will be open for classes today! The plaza has a

 Sorry kids, we will be closed for all activities t

 Sunday Funday! Womens group was too much fun!
😅 T

 Load More Follow on Instagram

 All Rights Reserved, CVL BJJ

 - -

 -
