---
source_url: http://sdbjj.com
final_url: https://sdbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:51.767Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 ## SAN DIEGO BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ACADEMY We are open for training!

 Adult Programs Kids Programs

 # San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy & Mixed Martial Arts

 View Class Schedule

 # SAN DIEGO BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ACADEMY & MIXED MARTIAL ARTS

 ##### Call now for our one day free trial. Experience the benefits of BJJ by working one-on-one with a black belt!

 Call or Text (760) 752-1445

 ## Where the Take Down is Just the Beginning

 Our Academy offers a range of disciplines, with separate Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, grappling arts, Muay Thai, boxing, and fitness areas in a clean and spacious two story 12,000 square foot Martial Arts Studio ! We offer something for everyone, with classes for kids, (boys & girls), Teenagers and men & women of all ages and skill levels. We are one of the largest and most modern premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, No-Gi, Muay Thai, Boxing and fitness training Centers in California, with a spacious 4,000 square foot spring loaded floor system with eight sparring areas and an additional 1,000 square foot spring-loaded floor with an additional two sparring areas! The San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy & Mixed Martial Arts has the biggest spring loaded mat space in United States (in a private school). If you are serious about studying Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in the Escondido , Vista or San Marcos areas, then San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy and Mixed Martial Arts is the right choice.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT SDBJJ REVIEWS

 https://sdbjj.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/V3-Website-Video-compress.mp4

 ##### We now offer event Birthday parties! Please inquire about more information.

 Contact Us

 ### Adult Programs
 Learn more about our adult classes including BJJ, fitness, and more!

 ### Kid Programs
 Learn more about our kids classes including BJJ, Judo, and more!

 ### Class Schedule
 View the schedule for all adult, kid, and fitness classes.

 ### Adult Programs Learn more about our adult classes including BJJ, fitness, and more!

 ### Kid Programs Learn more about our kids classes including BJJ, Judo, Fit Kids, and more!

 ### Class Schedule View the schedule for all adult, kid, and fitness classes.

 ## Our classes can help you and your children: Build confidence in your children
 Increase your fitness
 Learn skills for a life time
 Learn practical self-defense techniques
 Practice Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, No-Gi, Muay Thai, Boxing, and Fitness

 WHY CHOOSE SDBJJ

 “
 SDBJJ is amazing! I went to the Sunrise Submissions class which is full of amazing people at all different skill levels and outstanding instructors. I'd never done jiu jitsu before, but everyone was very welcoming and super helpful.
 Zach C. “
 San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is hands down one of the best BJJ academies around.
 Kraig P. “
 BJJ is a tough sport and when you feel like your coaches and classmates are there to help you succeed, it makes all the difference. I highly recommend this gym for anyone looking to start the journey.
 Alea F. “
 This gym and all the people in it have quickly become like family to me. It can feel daunting to do something new, especially something like this. But all the incredible humans here welcomed me from day one with open arms and friendly chokes. Terrible jokes aside, if you’re thinking of testing the waters here, do it.
 Noelle F. “
 I can't say enough great things about San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy. This isn’t just a place where kids learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu — it’s a community where they grow in confidence, discipline, and respect.
 Sean L. “
 Whether you're a novice or a seasoned veteran this gym is a warm and welcoming place where you are family.
 Angel Chapman “
 From the opinion of a person new to BJJ, this school has everything needed in order to train. There is a flexible schedule with morning, afternoon, and evening classes.
 Richard Curtis “
 I am so happy to have found a positive and inspiring school where I constantly learn and improve my jiu jitsu game as well as my life.
 Steve Post

 READ MORE

 ##### Contact Info 684 Rancheros Dr
San Marcos, CA 92069

 Call or Text: 760-752-1445

 ##### Office Hours Mon – Fri: 4:40AM – 8:30PM
 Sat: 9AM – 2:30PM
 Sun: Closed

 ##### Something For Everyone Adult Programs
 Kids Programs
 Self Defense Programs
 Class Schedule

 © 2024 sdbjj. San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | Website Design & SEO By ViziSites | Terms of Use

 Close Menu
 - - - -

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close #### Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT

 - - -
