---
source_url: http://www.abkravmaga.com/
final_url: https://chatsworthkarate.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:55.419Z
---

# America’s Best Martial Arts #### Real Self-Defense! Start Now!

 Select a Location Simi $29 Trial
 Chatsworth $29 Trial

 ×
 #### Choose your location and start today for FREE!

 #### Welcome to! ## America's Best Martial ArtsChatsworth & Simi Valley
 Welcome to America’s Best Martial Arts, where we teach real self-defense with a competitive edge. We help our students grow in a family-oriented environment while teaching applicable martial arts techniques. You’ll learn how to be a better individual throughout your training – building confidence you need to tackle challenges, gaining clarity, and unlocking a happier lifestyle. Join our schools in Chatsworth or Simi Valley today to learn real self-defense through our BJJ, Krav Maga, and Karate classes.

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: At America’s Best Martial Arts, we treat people the way they want to be treated. We raise our students to do the same by instilling courtesy and integrity. Our curriculum provides a real-life understanding of self-defense so you can live confidently in your skills. All of these lessons are taught in an uplifting, family environment.
 We offer top-quality classes in Chatsworth and Simi Valley. We offer a wide variety of martial arts including Krav Maga, Chuck Norris System, and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and we’re champions in each discipline. Over the past 25 years we’ve built a strong legacy at America’s Best Martial Arts. Our students consistently receive high ranks in various disciplines and have even become instructors.
 #### Our History: Mark Cox established America’s Best Martial Arts in October 1990, when he discovered his passion. He chased his dream to open a academy to grow into its full potential. We are a testament to achieving goals through perseverance and grit. Mark’s initial goal was to build an academy with 100 black belts. Today, he has over 700 black belts and counting Despite these achievements, Mark stays dedicated to continuous learning and training while passing on his knowledge to future generations.
 Learn More!

 ## What makes us stand out?

 ##### Family Our academy holds a legacy in the community thanks to the family environment we’ve built.

 ##### Self-Defense Our programs teach students the techniques they need to live confidently and protect themselves from a variety of situations.

 ##### Perseverance Martial arts training challenges you to become better. You’ll learn how to overcome adversities in school, work, and life.

 ##### Self-Control Jiu-Jitsu, Krav Maga, and Karate are not just about brute strength. They are about using leverage and strategy to your advantage. Martial arts training helps bring balance to your life.

 ##### Character We instill students with integrity and discipline while building a foundation for self-defense.

 #####

 ## See what we have been up to!

 ## What are people saying about us?

 The owner and the instructors here go out of their way to make sure you learn and you have a great experience.

 Robert M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 I've been training here for about 4 years; the staff are professional, knowledgeable, and fantastic teachers.

 Brigit H.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 My son enjoyed his time there as everyone, staff and peers, eventually became family. They treated him like one of their own.

 Roland F.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 My family has been going to America’s Best since 2010. Each of them have flourished in their own way with the guidance of their instructors.

 Christa M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Great place and great staff. Highly recommend it.

 Christina K.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Whether you’re looking for Jiu Jitsu, Krav Maga, or Karate, you’ll learn real self-defense at America’s Best Martial Arts. We invite NorthRidge, West Hills, Moor Park, and other nearby communities to join us in Simi Valley or Chatsworth.

 Please select a location: America’s Best Martial Arts- Chatsworth America’s Best Martial Arts- Simi (818) 772-2467
 info@abkarateandkravmaga.com
 21360 Devonshire St, Chatsworth, CA 91311
 Get Directions
 (805) 433-1633
 info@abkarateandkravmaga.com
 4361 Township Ave Simi Valley, CA 93063
 Get Directions

 ### America’s Best Martial Arts- Chatsworth 21360 Devonshire St, Chatsworth, CA 91311
 Get Directions

 ### America’s Best Martial Arts- Simi 4361 Township Ave Simi Valley, CA 93063
 Get Directions

 ## 2 Weeks for just $29! Sign up today for just $29 and get 2 weeks of training PLUS a T-shirt!!

 Sign Up Today!
 Select a Location 2 Weeks for $29 - Chatsworth
 2 Weeks for $29 - Simi Valley

 ×
 #### Choose your location and start today!
