---
source_url: http://www.martialartsbray.ie
final_url: https://martialartsbray.ie/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:52.666Z
---

#### BJJ AND MMA FOR ALL LEVELS #### IN BRAY CO WICKLOW DON’T MISS OUT ON OUR NEXT BEGINNER INTAKE
 sign up

 ## GET IN SHAPE NOW. ### We are confident we can help you get fit, gain confidence, learn to defend yourself, or challenge yourself through competition!

 ## THE #1 DESTINATION FOR MARTIAL ARTS IN BRAY. ### Coaches Chris and Adam Leddy have a combined 30 years of Jiu Jitsu experience and have been teaching in Bray since 2015. We are excited to meet you and begin your training!

 ## FREE TRIAL AVAILABLE. ### At BJJ Bray we have 6 classes weekly for beginners, with no equipment needed to start and a FREE TRIAL for all newcomers.

 # WELCOME TO BJJ BRAY. We are a full time martial arts school, specialising in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. We cater and train all levels, from complete beginners to advanced levels.
 FREE INTRODUCTION CLASS

 # ABOUT US We are a full time facility, specializing in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
 Members have access to all the facilities as well as unlimited classes during opening hours. We offer classes for all ages and we pride ourselves on the standard of our techniques and training. We are confident in our curriculum and in the standard of our Jiu Jitsu and are excited to meet you soon!
 We are affiliated with the legendary ECJJA in Monkstown Co Dublin. Head coaches Chris and Adam have received all their training under this affiliation and were awarded their black belts by head coach Darragh O’Conaill.
 We have lived in Bray all our lives, we love Bray. We grew up here, and are proud to have been teaching here since 2015!
