---
source_url: https://midwestmartialartssf.com/
final_url: https://midwestmartialartssf.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:13.991Z
---

A Muay Thai, Judo, and Roy Dean Academy affliated Brazilian Jiu Jitu school in Sioux Falls, SD.

 Free Trial

 ### Quick Links

 Free Trial
 - Our Team - Programs BJJ Muay Thai Kids BJJ Punch Card Students First Responder/ Military Waiver - Membership Pricing Gym Gear Waiver - Schedule - Join - Contact - FAQ
 - Mon: 6pm-8pm Tue: 4pm-8pm Wed: 6pm-8pm Thu: 5pm-8pm Fri: 5:45pm-8pm Sat: 9am-12pm Sun: Closed
 605-270-9133

 West Sioux Falls # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu And Muay Thai School Start Free Trial

 HEAD INSTRUCTOR # Devin Turner - A Roy Dean Black Belt Watch The Black Belt Exam

 MENS C CLASS # Jeremiah is the 2025 Thai Boxing Association (TBA) Mens Heavy Weight Champion! Muay Thai Classes

 LOCATION # Located on 57th & Marion! Start Free Trial

 Train 6 days a week. # Roy Dean Affliated Brazilian Jiu Jitsu School Learn More

 Train 6 days a week # A Trusted Muay Thai School In the Area Learn More

 Tuesdays & Thursdays # Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Learn More

 ACTIVE SPINE # Proudly Partnered With Active Spine In Sioux Falls Learn More

 PREV NEXT

 ###### The Gentle Art #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Often referred to as "human chess", this ground-based martial art focuses on techniques that optimize positioning, leverages and pressure to submit or control an opponent. All levels can join our classes!
 More About BJJ

 ###### Art of 8 Limbs #### Muay Thai This is not your run-of-the-mill cardio kickboxing class. Muay Thai is considered one of the most effective striking systems. Learn to use your limbs to attack and defend while standing.
 More About Muay Thai

 ###### Little Warriors #### Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu We will teach your child the techniques and principles of BJJ, as well as important values such as respect, confidence, and perseverance.
 Learn More

 Our Instructors ## Meet the Team
 #### Devin Turner Head Instructor: BJJ & Muay Thai
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt, Former Pro MMA and Muay Thai Fighter

 #### Austin Fox Assistant BJJ Instuctor
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brown Belt

 #### Jake Nicks Kids BJJ Instructor
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Purple Belt

 #### Michael 'Masa' Nelson Assistant Muay Thai Instructor
 Over 15 years of experience

 #### Brandon Villanueva Assistant Muay Thai Instuctor
 TBA and US MTO Competitor, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Blue Belt

 Reviews ## Trusted Testimonials
 “Midwest martial arts is a top tier gym with a great culture and full of good people. Everyone is very welcoming, the Jiu Jitsu and Muy Thai are legit, and the main instructor is a really good dude. If you are new to martial arts or just passing through, definitely stop in for a roll.”

 “Great place to train. Teacher is knowledgeable and passionate.”

 “Great learning environment. Instructor is friendly, knowledgeable, and is able to apply training to real life situations. 10/10 would recommend!!”

 Griffin S.
 Member Peter D.
 Member Miguel B.
 Member

 ### Pricing ## Membership Options
 ### Adult Membership #### $105/month For adults 18 and over. Access to all classes.
 - Classes 6 days/week - BJJ, Muay Thai, Judo - Ages 18+

 Join

 ### Student Membership #### $75/month For high school (16+) & college students. Submit your school ID to sign up.
 - Classes 6 days/week - BJJ, Muay Thai, Judo - Students 16+

 Request Membership

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### $50/month For kids between the ages of 8-15 years-old.
 - BJJ Only (Gi) - Ages 8-15 - Classes Tuesday & Thursday

 Join

 ### Punch Card #### $15/class Perfect for those with unpredictable schedules. $12.50/punch when you purchase 10.
 - Use for BJJ, Muay Thai or Judo - 4-punch minimum purchase - Never expires

 Purchase

 **Check Instagram and Facebook Stories for Updates** ## OUR CLASS SCHEDULE
 ALL CLASSES ADULTS BJJ & JUDO MUAY THAI KIDS BJJ
 | MONDAY | TUESDAY | WEDNESDAY | THURSDAY | FRIDAY | SATURDAY | SUNDAY 9am - 10am | | Muay Thai Fundamentals | Open Mat 12pm - 2pm. Always check IG and Facebook stories for the latest updates. 10am - 11am | | Muay Thai All levels 11am - 12pm | | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, No-gi 4pm - 5pm | | Judo Adults, Gi | 5pm - 5:45pm | Unavailable Unavailable | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids (8-15) | Private Lesson Unavailable | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids (8-15) | 6pm - 7pm | Muay Thai All levels | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, Gi | Muay Thai All levels | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, Gi | Sparring 5:45pm | 7pm - 8pm | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, No-gi | Muay Thai All levels | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, Gi | Muay Thai All levels | Open Mat 6:30pm (Adults, No-gi) |

 | MONDAY | TUESDAY | WEDNESDAY | THURSDAY | FRIDAY | SATURDAY | SUNDAY 11am - 12pm | | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, No-gi | Open Mat 12pm - 2pm. Always check IG and Facebook stories for the latest updates. 4pm - 5pm | | Judo Adults, Gi | 6pm - 7pm | | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, Gi | | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, Gi | 7pm - 8pm | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, No-gi | | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Adults, Gi | | Open Mat 6:30pm (Adults, No-gi) |

 | MONDAY | TUESDAY | WEDNESDAY | THURSDAY | FRIDAY | SATURDAY | SUNDAY 9am - 10am | | Muay Thai Fundamentals | Closed 10am - 11am | | Muay Thai All levels 6pm - 7pm | Muay Thai All levels | | Muay Thai All levels | | Sparring 5:45pm | 7pm - 8pm | | Muay Thai All levels | | Muay Thai All levels | |

 | MONDAY | TUESDAY | WEDNESDAY | THURSDAY | FRIDAY | SATURDAY | SUNDAY 5pm - 5:45pm | | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids (8-15) | | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids (8-15) | | |
