---
source_url: http://www.opensourcebjj.net
final_url: https://www.opensourcebjj.net/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:22.025Z
---

# OPEN SOURCE
 ## JIU-JITSU

 ## brazilian jiu-jitsu in asheville
 an open collaboration in brazilian jiu-jitsu

 Brazilian jiu-jitsu is a grappling-based martial art that focuses on practical self-defense. At Open Source Jiu-Jitsu we aim to make BJJ accessible to as many people as possible by offering pay-what-you-want, pay-as-you-go, no-contract classes.

 ## SCHEDULE
 @ 357 GORMAN BRIDGE RD, ASHEVILLE NC

 ## SUNDAY
 11:00 AM   WOMEN'S FUNDAMENTALS BJJ • NO GI

 12:30 PM   JUDO

 2:00 PM OPEN MAT (2 HRS)

 ## MONDAY
 4:15 PM KIDS BJJ (AGES 4-7) • NO GI

 5:00 PM YOUTH BJJ (AGES 8-15) • NO GI

 6:00 PM ALL LEVELS BJJ • NO GI (1 ½ HRS)

 ## TUESDAY
 4:15 PM KIDS BJJ (AGES 4-7) • GI

 5:00 PM YOUTH BJJ (AGES 8-15) • GI

 6:00 PM FUNDAMENTALS BJJ • GI (1 ½ HRS)

 6:00 PM     ADVANCED BJJ • GI (1 ½ HRS)

 ## WEDNESDAY
 6:00 PM FUNDAMENTALS BJJ • NO GI

 7:00 PM JUDO

 ## THURSDAY
 4:15 PM    KIDS BJJ (AGES 4-7) • GI

 5:00 PM YOUTH BJJ (AGES 8-15) • GI

 6:00 PM ALL LEVELS BJJ • GI (1 ½ HRS)

 ## FRIDAY & SATURDAY
 BY
 APPOINTMENT:

 PRIVATE LESSONS
 GYM RENTAL AVAILABILITY

 SIGN UP FOR A FREE CLASS
 NEW TO BJJ? WE'VE GOT YOU.

 Schedule

 ### We believe in fair and transparent pricing. That's why all of our prices are listed here. We don't like contracts, so we figure you don't either. All of our adult classes are drop-in friendly, no contract or membership required.
 ## CLASS DESCRIPTIONS
 FUNDAMENTALS BJJ
 ​
 Designed for both the total beginner and experienced practitioner looking to drill foundational techniques, Open Source Fundamentals classes are conducted as a 10-week long, rotating curriculum that you can join at any time. Loaner gis provided free of charge. First class is free .
 ​
 Price: Pay-what-you-want / Class Punch Card

 SIGN UP
 ALL LEVELS BJJ ​
 ​
 Our All Levels BJJ Class welcomes everyone, combining fundamental techniques with advanced options to suit all experience levels. Expect drills, technique, positional sparring, and at least 30 minutes of rolling in this one and a half hour long class. ​
 ​
 Price: Pay-what-you-want / Class Punch Card

 SIGN UP

 ADVANCED BJJ ​
 ​
 Advanced BJJ is a deeper dive into the fundamentals of jiu-jitsu. This class is a continuation of the Fundamentals BJJ curriculum, chaining more advanced techniques together and creating answers to common defenses and attacks.
 While all belt levels are welcome to attend, the pace of the class will be at blue belt level and up, and questions that address more fundamental aspects might not be able to be addressed.
 ​
 Price: Pay-what-you-want / Class Punch Card

 SIGN UP

 OPEN MAT ​
 ​
 The mats are all yours to drill, spar or experiment with new moves. There is no formal instruction and you're welcome to arrive and leave whenever you like. All affiliations and visitors welcome.
 ​
 Every Sunday from 2-4 PM, rain or shine.
 ​
 Price: Pay-what-you-want

 SIGN UP

 KIDS BJJ (AGES 4-7)​
 YOUTH BJJ (AGES 8-15)
 ​
 Open Source Jiu-Jitsu's kids program aims to provide children with a firm base in one of the most practical martial arts in existence. Our biggest goal with this program is to foster a life-long love of jiu-jitsu and strong friendships on and off the mats.
 ​
 Price: $115/ month

 LEARN MORE

 JUDO​
 ​
 Judo is a modern martial art and Olympic sport which originated in Japan. Throws and takedowns feature heavily in Judo, and are followed up by pinning your opponent or submitting them with a joint lock or choke. Open Source BJJ is the home of the Asheville Judo Club.
 ​
 Price: Pay-what-you-want / Class Punch Card

 SIGN UP

 GYM RENTAL
 ​
 Reserve mat time for a group training session with your favorite BJJ or Judo buddies. Drill some sweet moves you saw on YouTube, try out your A-game or pretend it's your own personal open mat. Want something a little more structured? We offer personalized lessons for partners or groups.
 ​
 Price: $60/hour

 MORE INFO
 GROUP/PRIVATE LESSONS
 ​
 Get a personalized lesson designed with your needs and goals in mind. Focus on a particular position, perfect a submission, develop a series or simply get feedback on strengths and weaknesses. Group lessons can be customized for regular weekly lessons or one-off classes. Virtual online lessons also available.
 ​
 Price: Starting at $75/hour

 CONTACT US
 ## CLASS PASSES
 10-CLASS PUNCH CARD
 Valid for 3 months + all adult classes
 Price: $150

 3-CLASS PUNCH CARD
 Valid for 3 months + all adult classes
 Price: $50

 TWICE-A-WEEK MONTHLY PASS
 Valid for 1 month + 2 sessions/week
 Price: $115

 UNLIMITED MONTHLY PASS
 Valid for 1 month + unlimited classes
 Price: $170

 KIDS BJJ MONTHLY PASS
 Valid for 1 month + kids classes [3x/week]
 Price: $115

 Buy a Class Pass

 Open Mat
 Class Pass
 Advnced BJJ

 ## TAKE A LOOK
 -

 opensourcejiujitsuavl

 ## Testimonials
 This is a fantastic place to learn. The whole community there is warm and welcoming, the instructors are helpful and relaxed with no ego involved in the lessons.
 -Chris N.

 ## CONTACT
 ## Visit
 Visitors from any and all gyms/affiliations are always welcome.
 357 Gorman Bridge Road, Asheville NC

 ## Connect
 Add us to your daily intake of social media to see training pics and announcements. We also reply to DMs/PMs.

 - -

 ## Reach Out
 We're happy to hear from you. Reach out to us with your questions, observations or just to say hi.
 828.782.3264
 bobby@opensourcebjj.net / amanda@opensourcebjj.net

 ## Get More Info
 Send me info about: * Required
 general gym updates
 current classes
 private/group lessons
 kids classes

 Subscribe
 Thanks for reaching out! A real live person will reply soon. :)

 SIGN UP FOR A FREE CLASS
 Student safety is our number one priority. Check out our Safety Policy here .
