---
source_url: http://sargentbjj.com
final_url: https://sargentbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:47.764Z
---

# Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### WHERE FAMILIES TRAIN AND CHAMPIONS GROW Pause Video

 #### Welcome! ## Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Walla Walla, Washington, a safe space for individuals and families to learn self-defense in an encouraging atmosphere. We train our students to harmonize mind, body, and spirit to be better people. Our mission is to create considerate martial artists that are able to defend themselves and loved ones from harm. We build people who have strong discipline and are capable of facing adversity with poise. By taking Jiu-Jitsu classes, you’ll continuously grow to be a better version of yourself!

 ## Free Week Trial! Experience the Power of Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | SIRI BJJ Walla Walla for yourself!

 Get Started!
 ##### ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Special Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu strives to share the joy of BJJ. There’s no reason to be intimidated because our community is eager to uplift you. Egos stay off the mat to ensure a welcoming environment that encourages you to grow. Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is led by highly experienced instructors who are passionate about teaching. If you need individualized training to improve certain areas of technique, you got it! Your peers and instructors are here to help every step of the way. Your boundaries are limitless with BJJ classes at Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 #### Our History: Professor Eddie Sargent, owner of Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu,trained and received his black belt under renowned martial artist and BJJ Black Belt Gustavo ‘Siri’ Pires at Siri BJJ Academy. Teaching at Siri BJJ inspired Eddie to branch off and establish Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in April 2022. He dreamed of sharing his own techniques to protect the community from danger. After a year of ownership, Eddie’s proud of setting his students up for a successful future free of harm. His dream knows no limits as he continues working to be a positive role model for the Walla Walla community. His pride and passion is reflected through his mission of unifying people through Jiu-Jitsu.
 Learn More!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Self-Defense We offer high-quality martial arts training and self-defense lessons in Walla Walla. We also promote character development and celebrate growth!

 ##### Confidence Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu values confidence and how it improves various aspects in life. With BJJ training you’ll break out of your shell and fearlessly take on life.

 ##### Character We instill good character in our students so they become humble, kind, and resilient against adversities. Jiu-Jitsu builds strength while minimizing aggression.

 ##### Community You will never struggle alone at Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Your peers and instructors are eager to help you. We’re a family built on the mat!

 ##### Fun We enjoy learning from another and building lifelong friendships on the mat. Grappling can be difficult but we make it entertaining for all ages.

 #####

 #### ## Check Out What We've Been Up To!

 ## What People Are Saying...

 The environment that Professor Eddie and his team create, is warm and receptive to the whole family.

 Wesley Davis , Google

 Everyone here actively helps each other to become better not only at Jiu-Jitsu but in building camaraderie, becoming a family!

 Andrew Ezpeleta , Google

 Absolutely amazing place! My daughter loves coming to class! If I could I’d get everyone I know to do it!

 Victoria Harris , Google

 I have found a beautiful way to connect with my son and professor Eddie is a blessing along with his coaching staff.

 Michael Binney , Google

 Black belt instruction in every class, every day. A great group of people. An excellent kids program.

 Seth Small , Google

 The adults program is amazing. I’ve gotten stronger and lost about 20 pounds so far.

 Mike Massey , Google

 #### Learn More About The ## We Defy Foundation
 ##### ##### Join the cause today and experience how we empower combat veterans coping with military-connected disabilities to overcome their challenges. We achieve this by utilizing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and fitness training as effective tools for long-term support. Everyday, We Defy scholarship athletes are simply proving everyone wrong when they take to the mats. Your support allows us to continue our mission of providing therapeutic healing through the sport of Jiu-Jitsu.
 Learn More!

 ### Contact Us Today! Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your Jiu-Jitsu journey!

 (509) 301-0655
 info@sargentbjj.com
 919 S 2nd Ave, Walla Walla, WA 99362
 Get Directions

 ### Sargent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | SIRI BJJ Walla Walla 919 S 2nd Ave, Walla Walla, WA 99362
 Get Directions
