---
source_url: https://www.brabobjjacademy.com
final_url: https://brabobjjacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:27.761Z
---

-
 - - Home - INSTRUCTORS - CLASSES - SCHEDULE - LEARNING RESOURCES - Contact

 LIMITED SPOTS AVAILABLE THIS MONTH

 ## BRABO JIU-JITSU

 ## THE #1 JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN VIRGINIA BEACH

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 Whether you’re brand new or experienced, our expert-led intro classes remove the guesswork and help you progress with confidence, right from day one.

 ## How Does The Free Trial Class Work?

 - STEP 1: Click The "Book Your Free Class" Button And Fill Out The Form on This Page - STEP 2: Choose The Class Calendar & Pick a Date & Time on Our Calendar - STEP 3: You’ll Get an Email and SMS Confirmation With All the Details.

 Brabo Academy Welcomes You To The Mats!

 Brabo Academy is an all-ages Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school in the Kempsville area of Virginia Beach. Founded by Professor Oleksandr “Alex” Humen in 2022, we teach the tenets of mental toughness and hard work. Come in and check out one of our classes.

 For additional information about rates and private lessons, please email us at [email protected] .

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ## ADULT JIU JITSU

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a rapidly growing Martial Art in the US for good reason. Whether for fitness, competition, or community, Brabo Academy’s doors are open. If you’re ready to work hard and roll, join us today. All skill levels are welcome.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## LITTLE GRAPPLERS (AGES 5-8)

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a sport that teaches discipline and hard work at any age. In Lil’ Grapplers, kids from ages 5-8 get to experience the fun and competition of BJJ in a safe environment. Instructors at Brabo have years of experience in training young students. Come in and let your kids discover the joy of rolling.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## YOUTH BJJ AND WRESTLING CLASSES (AGES 8-16)

 Youth classes at Brabo are growing quickly. Whether just starting to learn or sharpening skills for competition, Brabo’s Youth Classes offer an inclusive experience with talented teachers. Students of all skill levels are welcome.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## TINY NINJAS CLASS (AGES 3-4)

 The Tiny Ninjas Program at Brabo Brazilian is designed to teach children foundational techniques in a fun, supportive way. This program focuses on developing discipline, confidence, and respect while improving coordination and fitness

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 Enable sound

 ## OUR LOCATION

 1832 Kempsville Road, Suite 103
 Virginia Beach, VA 23464

 ## REVIEWS

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Great vibe at Brabo. Mats are grippy (which I appreciate), everything’s clean, and the crew on the mat is friendly but tough. Went to Alex’s seminar couple years ago, very knowledgeable instructor. I knew him back when I was just starting out as white belt (good old “us grappling” times). Solid gym with real competitors.
 Read more
 Lev Lev

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 It’s been a year since I started training here and it’s probably one of the best “life decisions” I’ve made. The classes are always great, mainly because of the instructors and also the people in them, from beginners to people who compete, it’s all around great energy. I couldn’t see myself training anywhere else! (Their Instagram is cool too)
 Read more
 Carlos Jones

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 You gotta meet this guy, Professor Alex! He is blackbelt (1 stripe). He's a very good teacher for all ages! He knows what he's doing. My 7yo daughter wasn't familiar with this type of sport before, but now, she's super loved it and she's enjoying every time she comes to kids' class. 🤙🤙🤙
 Read more
 Alfonso Garcia

 Enable sound

 Enable sound

 ## COMPANY

 HOME
 INSTRUCTORS
 CLASSES
 LEARNING RESOURCES
 SCHEDULE

 ## SUPPORT

 CONTACT US
 SUPPORT

 ## LEGAL

 TERMS & CONDITIONS
 PRIVACY POLICY

 © Copyright 2026. Brabo Jiu Jitsu Academy. All Rights Reserved | Powered by MMA Marketing Pro .
