---
source_url: http://www.flashbackmartialarts.com/classes/
final_url: http://www.flashbackmartialarts.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:17.785Z
---

There are a number of classes available at Flashback Martial Arts to provide a fun yet challenging experience. New students can specialize in one of our programs or choose to cross-train in multiple martial arts. Individual programs start at just $89/month! Visit our schedule page for current training times. And remember we offer a ONE DAY FREE TRIAL membership that allows you to experience all of the classes offered.
 Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu – Step onto the mats and experience the art of Brazilian Jiu-jitsu, a dynamic martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. Led by an experienced black belt instructor our classes cater to all skill levels from beginner to advanced practitioners. Whether you’re looking to enhance your self-defense skills, improve physical fitness, or simply enjoy a supportive community atmosphere, our classes provide a challenging yet rewarding experience! Join us as we explore technique, build strength and foster camaraderie. Unleash your potential and embark on a journey of personal growth with Brazilian Jiu-jitsu! Questions? We’re happy to help! Call or text 920-205-8118 for more information. Click Here for more information on our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program.
 Boxing – Get ready to lace up your gloves and step onto the mats for an invigorating workout that combines cardio, strength training, and the art of boxing. Our classes cater to many skill levels and beginners are always welcome. We offer a dynamic mix of conditioning drills, technical training, and controlled sparring sessions with headgear and gloves. Whether you are looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense skills, or unleash your inner athlete, our experienced instructors will guide you every step of the way! Join us, and discover the empowering world of boxing at Flashback! Questions? We’re happy to help! Call or text 920-205-8118 for more information. Click Here for more information on our Boxing program.
 Youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu – Our youth Jiu-jitsu classes blend fun and learning in a safe and supportive environment. Led by experienced instructors, our classes focus on teaching the fundamental techniques of Jiu-jitsu while instilling discipline, respect, and confidence in our students. Through interactive drills, games, and light sparring, kids develop essential skills such as coordination, balance, and self-defense techniques. Whether your child is a beginner or has prior experience, our classes cater to all skill levels fostering growth and progression in each individual. Join us and embark on a journey of physical fitness, mental resilience, and camaraderie! Questions? We’re happy to help! Call or text 920-205-8118 for more information. Click Here for more information on our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program.
 Private Lessons – We are happy to offer exclusive private lessons at Flashback Jiu-Jitsu and Boxing! Experience personalized training tailored to your skill level and goals. Our expert instructors will provide one-on-one, or group guidance, focusing on technique refinement, strategy development, and individualized workouts to maximize your progress. Whether you’re a beginner looking to build a solid foundation, or an experienced practitioner aiming to sharpen your skills, our private lessons offer a dedicated and intensive learning experience. Book your session today and elevate your martial arts journey to the next level! Questions? We’re happy to help! Call or text 920-205-8118 for more information. Click Here for more information on Private Lessons.
 For additional news and information about Flashback Martial Arts, please visit our Facebook page www.facebook.com/FlashbackBJJ or stop in and visit us at 2310 W College Ave, Suite G in Appleton, WI. Call us at 920-205-8118. All new members are offered ONE FREE CLASS TRIAL OFFER .
