---
source_url: https://lsbjj.com
final_url: https://lsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:13.275Z
---

## LSBJJ

 Welcome to LSBJJ Academy.
 Experience the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 Kids Classes

 Adult Classes

 ## Sign Up for a FREE Class Today

 Free Class sign up

 ## LSBJJ PRograms

 Kids Class

 Experience Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense in a fun, safe environment for kids and youth. Our approach promotes learning, teaching, and sharing skills.

 Adult Beginners Class

 Our fundamentals program is designed to empower newer students of all ages and fitness levels by establishing a solid foundation in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Intermediate & Advanced Once you have completed the fundamentals curriculum, our intermediate class will elevate your skills to the next level.

 Amazing Academy! Saggioro is one of the best Jiu Jitsu teachers and competitor ever.

 Ricardo S. - Google Review

 ## New to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?

 Get ready to step onto the mat and start your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey! Our Adult Beginners Class is the perfect way to build a strong foundation and learn the fundamentals in a supportive environment.

 Adult Beginner Class

 ## About Us >

 Get to know our team, our training philosophy, and what makes LSBJJ a great place to learn and grow.

 ## Classes for Kids >

 Wondering if BJJ is right for your child? Our kids’ classes at LSBJJ teach focus, discipline, and self-defense in a fun, safe, and encouraging environment.

 ## Class Schedule

 ## Try a Free Class at LSBJJ Academy!

 Ready to experience the benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Sign up for a free trial class at LSBJJ and see firsthand how our training can help you build confidence, improve fitness, and learn real self-defense skills in a welcoming environment. No experience is needed—just bring a positive attitude and a willingness to learn!
 Whether you’re looking for a fun way to stay active, a structured class for your child, or a new challenge, our expert instructors are here to guide you every step of the way. Claim your free trial today and take the first step on your BJJ journey!

 Free Class Sign up

 ## Upcoming Events & Media

 ### The Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) offers kids a fun and engaging way to stay active while learning valuable life skills. Unlike traditional team sports, BJJ focuses on

 Read More »

 ### Why Every Beginner Should Try a Free Jiu-Jitsu Class Starting Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can feel intimidating, but the best way to experience its benefits is by trying a free class. At LSBJJ, beginners of all

 Read More »

 ### Advancing Your Jiu-Jitsu: Transitioning to Intermediate and Advanced Training Once you’ve built a solid foundation in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, the next step is refining your techniques and developing a deeper understanding of the art. Intermediate

 Read More »

 See more from us
