---
source_url: http://www.bjjmiami.com
final_url: https://www.bjjmiami.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:52.758Z
---

Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu/ Self-defense classes.

 Gi and No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes.

 Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Competition Team

 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu/ Self-defense classes.

 1/5

 ## OUR JIU JITSU PROGRAMS
 We proudly offer top-quality Jiu-Jitsu classes 6 days a week, catering to students of all skill levels, from youth as young as 5 years old to adults. Our programs focus on building confidence, mastering techniques, and enhancing fitness in a supportive and family-friendly environment. As part of our dedication to the Miami Beach community, we provide residents with a free weekly fitness class and a senior fall prevention class. With two convenient locations in beautiful Miami Beach, we ensure easy access to expert instruction and a welcoming atmosphere. Whether you’re looking to learn self-defense, compete, or simply stay active, our classes are designed to help you achieve your goals. Join us today to start your journey!

 About

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU
 Learn self-defense, improve fitness, and build confidence.

 Youth
 Adults

 ## STRENGTH TRAINING
 Free for Miami Beach residents; boost strength and endurance.

 Read More

 ## FALL PREVENTION
 Tailored for seniors; improve balance and mobility with confidence.

 Read More

 6

 ## PRINCIPLES OF OUR JIU JITSU

 Respect
 Self-Discipline

 Focus
 Confidence

 Safety
 Leadership

 meet the staff
 ## MEET OUR STAFF
 Bio coming soon...

 ### William Abreu
 Instructor

 Bio coming soon...

 Instructor

 ### Edgard Echeverria

 Bio coming soon...

 ### Erick Sanchez
 Instructor

 ## AFFILIATES & PARTNERS

 ## FOLLOW US

 ## CONTACT US
