---
source_url: http://www.rebellionmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.rebellionmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:58.860Z
---

JOIN THE REBELLION

 ADA - OKLAHOMA

 JIU JITSU
 STRIKING
 SELF-DEFENSE

 ## REBEL AGAINST THE NORM
 We take a different approach at Rebellion - an approach based on putting our students training and needs first (not their wallets) all while providing a fun and challenging atmosphere. Regardless of whether you're a kid student or an adult student, experienced or brand new you'll feel right at home at Rebellion!

 MORE ABOUT US
 CLASS SCHEDULE

 # KNOWLEDGABLE INSTRUCTORS
 Led by Jeanelle Hebert, the Rebellion instructor team has over 60 combined years experience in a wide array of martial arts to include Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Krav Maga, Filipino Martial Arts, Traditional Boxing, and Aikido. In addition to martial arts experience, we bring as many years of professional speaking and teaching experience to bear alongside our training.

 # COMPASSION
 Our students come FIRST - always .
 We are and always will be driven by our individual student's needs and strive to provide instruction tailored for each of our students.
 ​
 We are not a one-size-fits-all martial arts school and we never will be.

 # PROGRESS
 At Rebellion, each student progresses at their own individual pace. Progression is based on skill, knowledge, attendance, and behavior both on and off the mats.
 Our Instructors guide students through a challenging curriculum based on instilling techniques and concepts as well as elements of discipline, honor, and respect.
 We are not a "belt factory." We take immense pride in ensuring that each of our students are prepared for the levels they progress to.

 ## FOLLOW THE REBELLION @REBELLIONMARTIALARTS

 ## ​
 ​

 Load more

 Contact
