---
source_url: http://www.gallatinvalleymma.com
final_url: https://www.gallatinvalleymma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:19.236Z
---

<!-- Google tag (gtag.js) event - delayed navigation helper -->
 <script>
 // Helper function to delay opening a URL until a gtag event is sent.
 // Call it in response to an action that should navigate to a URL.
 function gtagSendEvent(url) {
 var callback = function () {
 if (typeof url === 'string') {
 window.location = url;
 }
 };
 gtag('event', 'conversion_event_submit_lead_form', {
 'event_callback': callback,
 'event_timeout': 2000,
 // <event_parameters>
 });
 return false;
 }
 </script>

 # GALLATIN​ VALLEY MARTIAL ARTS
 Muay Thai Kickboxing ★ Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ★ Youth Mixed Martial Arts

 IT'S MY FIRST CLASS
 REGISTER + LOGIN
 Parent's Night Out

 ## COME TRAIN WITH US
 ## Gallatin Valley Martial Arts is Bozeman's premier modern martial arts facility. We offer classes to adults and children in Muay Thai kickboxing, Gi & No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and Self-Defense.
 ## KIDS
 ## ADULTS
 ## Our kid's program improves focus, builds confidence, and teaches kids to not give up, all while improving balance and coordination. We strive to empower our students and arm them with the tools to be successful. We help kids accomplish goals, find their voice, practice discipline — which shines beyond the gym.
 ## Our adult program is designed to get you in shape and keep you in shape by increasing your stamina, strength, and flexibility while teaching practical and effective self-defense. You don't need to be a fighter to come train like one. In fact most of our students are beginners who want an engaging dynamic workout.

 ## CALL OR EMAIL US TODAY TO REGISTER FOR YOUR INTRO LESSON
 CALL
 EMAIL
