---
source_url: http://www.lucasmartialartsacademy.com/classes
final_url: https://www.lucasmartialartsacademy.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:45.531Z
---

# Our Classes

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 This style of martial arts emphasizes holds, locks, throw, strikes and chokes to subdue your opponent. Leverage and simplicity are the foundation for the effective techniques that have made Jiu Jitsu famous all over the world. Jiu Jitsu is important since 95% of all real fights end up on the ground at some point. This is where Jiu Jitsu has been proved most effective.

 Lucas Martial Arts Academy is one of the very few schools authorized to teach Caique Jiu Jitsu in the USA.

 ## Hapkido

 This style is a self-defense that deals with real life situations that might occur. It teaches joint locking, vital striking areas (pressure points), trapping and striking, and low line kicking. Flexibility is not as high of a priority as it is in Tae Kwon Do.
 The Korean Police and Military are trained in Hapkido.

 ## Tae Kwon Do

 Tae Kwon Do or ‘Korean Karate’ is famous for its high flashy spin and jump kicks. This empty hand fighting style utilizes the arms and legs for blocking, punching and kicking. This in turn helps to develop balance and coordination. These classes are strict and the most traditional. They are especially great for kids to help with their discipline, respect and self-control.
 Tae Kwon Do is an Olympic Sport!

 ## Join a Class Interested in attending an upcoming class? Check out our class schedule below and reach out to book a time.

 View Our Class Schedule
 View Our Class Schedule
