---
source_url: http://www.risingtidebjj.com
final_url: https://www.risingtidebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:19.121Z
---

Rising Tides Raise All Ships

 # Unleash Your Potential with Rising Tide Jiu Jitsu!
 YOU Are WELCOME Here!

 At Rising Tide Jiu Jitsu in Clearwater, we offer a community-driven experience that caters to all levels. From beginners to advanced practitioners, discover a path where discipline ignites excitement and growth. Whether you seek self-defense, fitness, or community, realize your full potential with us.
 ​
 Here, every individual is valued and supported, making our academy a welcoming space for anyone looking to embark on their martial arts journey.

 ## Welcome to Rising Tide Jiu Jitsu – Where the Clearwater Community Thrives!
 "Rising tides raise all ships," and at Rising Tide Jiu Jitsu, we elevate each other to new heights every day! Located in the heart of Pinellas County, we are more than a Jiu-Jitsu academy – we are a diverse and vibrant family committed to the growth and empowerment of everyone who joins us.

 No matter your experience level or goal - be it self-defense, fitness, or personal growth - our academy welcomes everyone. Come join us and be a part of our rising community!

 Embrace Our Core Principles:

 01

 ### RESPECT Being able to live with a foundation of self-respect and respect for others is what we base trust and growth on.
 02

 ### INTEGRITY Living honestly, both for yourself and others, is one of the greatest paths to self-discovery.
 03

 ### COMMUNITY Serving others by providing for and protecting is one of our key purposes of life.

 ## OUR PHILOSOPHY
 At Rising Tide Jiu Jitsu, we strongly believe in fostering a culture of inclusivity where everyone can feel welcome and safe. Jiu Jitsu is a vehicle for life.
 By working together as a team, we create a community to share the tools to help overcome everyday challenges with integrity and perseverance.
 ​
 "Rising Tides Raise All Ships"

 Contact Us
 Class Schedule
 Try a Free Class Today
 ## Why Train Jiu Jitsu?
 ### 95 to 98% of ALL Real-life Altercations End Up On the Ground.
 Self Defense

 "Self Defense is not only our right, it's our duty" - Ronald Reagan
 Jiu Jitsu is currently the most effective and efficient form of self-defense on the planet. It is a grappling-based art using technique and leverage to subdue and control an opponent.
 Jiu Jitsu takes away the advantage of a larger, stronger opponent and allows for a smaller or weaker person to not only stay safe from immediate danger, but to control the situation. And often without ever having to throw a punch or a kick. Translated, Jiu Jitsu means "the gentle art."

 Health and Fitness

 "The greatest wealth is health" - Virgil
 Most people who begin training Jiu Jitsu quickly realize that it is a gift of much more than just self-defense.
 This Martial Art becomes a tool to help them take control over their lives. The full body fitness workout not only assists in improving endurance, flexibility, strength, weight loss, and energy, but is also a major stress reliever from life's daily worries and concerns.

 Character Development

 "The time is always right, to do what is right" Martin Luther King Jr.
 Traditionally, education comes from school and values come from family. Training in Martial Arts is a great way to instill or strengthen character development in people, especially kids. Some of the traits that come naturally from training are:
 ​
 - Focus
 - Discipline and self-discipline
 - Concentration
 - Respect and self-respect
 - Integrity
 - Perseverance

 ## MEET OUR STAFF
 Professor Brian is a 1st Degree Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Michael Geery and Tommy Carpenter. He began training due to the popularity of the UFC and growth of MMA, but soon found a passion for teaching children. He has helped to co-create multiple kids World and Pan Am Champions. A former competitor, Professor Brian now enjoys spending his time sharing his knowledge and passion of "the gentle art" with both children and adults. "Together, we can all accomplish great things!"
 - 2X Colorado State Fight to Win Champion
 - Fight to Win Nationals Champion
 - 2013 Vegas Open Champion
 - 2013 LA Five Grappling Champion
 - 2014 Vegas Spring Open Champion
 - 2014 Vegas Summer Open Silver medalist
 - 2021 NAGA Silver medalist

 ### Brian Youakim
 Owner and Head Instructor

 Our Coaching staff brings a wealth of knowledge and years of experience in Martial Arts, Jiu Jitsu, & Grappling to the mats. With a passion for teaching and helping others to grow, our Coaches are dedicated to be a part of the students journey from the most inexperienced to the highest level competitor.

 Jiu Jitsu Coaches

 ### Andres/Bella/Kay

 Miss Gracie is an integral part of the Rising Tide Team. When she isn't sleeping behind the front desk or greeting students on the mats, she enjoys spending her time catching frisbee, going for long bike rides, swimming at Honeymoon Island, and incessantly barking at neighbors. Come say hello.

 ### Miss Gracie the Dojo Doggy
 School mascot

 ## Ready to Roll?

 ### Join the Rising Tide Today!
 Embark on a life-changing journey with us. Whether you're in Clearwater, Largo, or Dunedin, Rising Tide Jiu-Jitsu is your beacon for martial arts excellence. Let's chart your course to success together. Sign up now and become part of something bigger!
 Fill out the form below, call us at 727-953-8005, email us at brian@risingtidebjj.com, or drop by for a tour and sign up for your first free class. Rise with us, and let's steer toward greatness together!

 ## CONTACT US
 727-953-8005 | brian@risingtidebjj.com
 1458 S Belcher Road, Clearwater, FL 33764

 Contact
 Get In Touch
 Thanks for submitting!
