---
source_url: http://www.njunitedmma.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: http://www.njunitedmma.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:03.017Z
---

## Try our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program for 7 Days Free!
 Experience the workout of your life while learning the BEST way to defend yourself effectively. We invite you to our academy in Totowa, NJ to try out our training system for 7 DAYS FREE!!!
 Join our team today and learn about the hottest and most talked about self-defense training system in the world. Patience, commitment, and a positive attitude are all you need to come prepared to class.

 Here’s YOUR opportunity to Increase Self-Confidence and Feel Better About YOU! We will gradually guide you on the journey to success whether your goal is to LOSE WEIGHT, learn effective self defense, increase confidence, compete, achieve a Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), or ALL OF THE ABOVE. Whatever your personal goals are, our instructors are committed to help you accomplish them. Read on and learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or call to sign up for a FREE ONE WEEK TRIAL.

 You may be thinking… “But Jay, I am out of shape, and I’ve never done something like this before?”

 Some students think that they need to get in shape before they starting training. This couldn’t be further from the truth. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and martial arts in general are a great way to get into shape. At NJ United, our fundamentals class is designed in a way to build your cardio, in a safe and friendly environment. You will quickly see that NJ United Brazilian MMA & Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more like a family atmosphere which help you attain your goals.

 At 46 years old and after losing over 100 pounds, Zoric is in the best shape of his life!

 And don’t think your age is an excuse to halt your desire
 to begin training. You can do it!

 Our adult program is open for people of all ages. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art than can be practiced by anyone, ranging from high school students to students in the 50’s and 60’s. One of the founders of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu), Helio Gracie, trained the martial art well into his 90’s!!! Kickboxing is also a great way to burn calories and lose weight, while also learning an effective martial art.

 If you are interested in working out and staying in shape, then you will be interested in what we have to offer!!!

 “But I have no experience, won’t everyone be too advanced?”

 The truth is, a majority of people who join have no prior experience in martial arts. This is where NJ United is different from most schools. Most schools throw new students in “with the wolves” their very first day of class. This can be quite overwhelming to the new student and also be detrimental to the learning process. On top of that, at most schools the instructor just teaches what the feel like that day or that week.

 This teaching style does not adequately prepare students the correct way. As with anything, learning is a process that requires a well thought out curriculum. I personally learned the importance of this while I was doing post grad work in elementary education.

 Here at NJ United we have fundamentals classes that are designed for the new student. These classes focus on technique and drilling to help prepare students for more advanced technique and theory or in Jiu-Jitsu, their first promotion, receiving the blue belt.

 Can I compete in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu/grappling and/or Mixed Martial Arts competition?

 Here at NJ United Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & MMA we also have a curriculum designed for the active competitor/fighter. On top of the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, students can also train their wrestling, submission grappling (No-Gi), and Muay Thai kickboxing.
 When choosing a school for competition purposes, the two main questions you have to ask yourself is does the instructor have experience?

 And has he trained and produced champions? Through my experience both as a competitor and as an instructor, I have been able to pass this knowledge to my students who have had great success competing in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, submission grappling, and Mixed Martial Arts competition.
 I have trained numerous fighters to victory in Mixed Martial Arts and also worked as the jiu-jitsu coach for former UFC middleweight fighter Mike Massenzio.

 You have the opportunity to train with the best,
 Why settle for second best?

 What makes our training system so successful is we show you how to train, how to peak for events, what to eat, the importance of recovery, the best exercises to use, and more! If you are looking for a professional resource to help you improve, to help you reach the next level of competition; to help you perform optimally, to improve your quality of life, NJ United Mixed Martial Arts is the place to go. One thing’s for sure: You will see results from our program, provided you come on a regular basis. If you are committed to training at your best, then we at NJ United MMA are committed to helping bring you to the top of your game.

 Remember… Consistency is Your Key to Success

 Hard work beats talent when talent refuses to work hard. At NJ United Mixed Martial Arts we provide a fun, safe and exciting training environment that makes consistency not seem like a chore all the while getting you into the best shape of your life!
 But that’s not all.

 Our 7 Day FREE Trial!

 There is nothing that should keep you from giving our program a shot. I Guarantee You that you will love our program from the moment you walk into our facility. If you’re new to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) I must warn about you a few things. Most importantly you should know that schools are not created equally, and it is very important that you make an educated decision before picking a school. That is why I’m giving you 7 days to compare and decide the right place for you.
 Our goal is to have a friendly atmosphere, a great team. In fact one of our goals is to produce elite black belts and that’s where our Advanced BJJ program comes in. Hopefully in the near future you’ll join the ranks of our current NJ United black belts.

 In order to reach your highest potential as a competitor you have to have an instructor who knows what it takes to be a champion. Here at NJ United MMA, our head instructor Jay Hayes has competed and won 5 medals in International competition in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu making him one of the most accomplished instructors on the East Coast.
 In order for you to know that you are receiving quality instruction and the most cutting edge technique, always check to see if the instructor has any experience in competition himself. There are a lot of black belts in the area and around the country who have never proven the effectiveness of their technique in competition.
 Wouldn’t you want to know that the technique you are learning really works? Jay’s students have also had great success in NAGA (North American Grapplers Association) and Grapplers Quest tournaments.
 If you don’t think you enjoy a friendly atmosphere, a team spirit, and people that will go out of their way to make you the best grappler you can be, then this may not be the place for you. But if you’re serious about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu so are we and there’s nothing that should stop you from giving our program a try in Totowa, NJ.

 How do I apply?

 You can send us a message by filling out our Contact Us section, or by calling us at 973-638-1570 .

 Our Invitation to You

 My school is unlike any Jiu-Jitsu school you’ll ever experience. You’ll feel like a special person from the moment you walk into the doors of my academy. You won’t believe how friendly my students and my staff are.

 Need More Information on our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program?

 Yes! I need more info!
 * No spam, ever. Promise.
 We never share, rent or sell your info.

 School Location
 NJ United Mixed Martial Arts
 265 U.S. 46
 Totowa, NJ 07512
 We are located on the Westbound side
 of 46 in the building to the right of "Toys R Us". Please park in the back of our building, use the side entrance and walk up to the 3rd floor.
