---
source_url: http://www.njunitedmma.com
final_url: https://www.njunitedmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:03.997Z
---

# Are You Looking for Mixed Martial Arts, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Submission Wrestling, Muay Thai, or Kickboxing Training?
 ## Then you have come to the right place!
 My name is Jay Hayes, I am the owner and head instructor of NJ United MMA & Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Totowa NJ. I am so confident that you will love our academy that I am willing to offer you a 1 WEEK FREE TRIAL.
 That’s right, a 7 DAY FREE TRIAL.
 At NJ United, we are dedicated to the development of programs that meet the needs of any student, from the casual practitioner to the competitor or Mixed Martial Arts fighter. We welcome students of all ages, from children and teens to adult men and women.

 Here at NJ United, I personally take the time to meet with every prospective student to assess their expectations and goals . Not every student participates in martial arts for the same reason. It is essential to the progression of the student to be able to identify these expectations and goals before the student begins training. Many students have similar questions and concerns when making the decision to begin training in martial arts, whether it is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Mixed Martial Arts, or kickboxing.
 ### You may be thinking... "But Jay, I am out of shape, and I’ve never done something like this before?" Some students think that they need to get in shape before they starting training. This couldn’t be further from the truth. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and martial arts in general are a great way to get into shape. At NJ United, our fundamentals class is designed in a way to build your cardio, in a safe and friendly environment. You will quickly see that NJ United MMA & Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more like a family atmosphere which help you attain your goals.

 At 46 years old and after losing over 100 pounds,
 Zoric is in the best shape of his life!

 ### ### And don’t think your age is an excuse to halt your desire to begin training.You can do it! Our adult program is open for people of all ages. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art than can be practiced by anyone, ranging from high school students to students in the 50’s and 60’s . One of the founders of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu), Helio Gracie, trained the martial art well into his 90’s!!! Kickboxing is also a great way to burn calories and lose weight, while also learning an effective martial art.
 If you are interested in working out and staying in shape, then you will be interested in what we have to offer!! !
 ### ### “But I have no experience, won’t everyone be too advanced?” The truth is, a majority of people who join have no prior experience in martial arts. This is where NJ United is different from most schools. Most schools throw new students in “with the wolves” their very first day of class. This can be quite overwhelming to the new student and also be detrimental to the learning process. On top of that, at most schools the instructor just teaches what the feel like that day or that week.
 This teaching style does not adequately prepare students the correct way. As with anything, learning is a process that requires a well thought out curriculum. I personally learned the importance of this while I was doing post grad work in elementary education.
 Here at NJ United we have fundamentals classes that are designed for the new student . These classes focus on technique and drilling to help prepare students for more advanced technique and theory or in Jiu-Jitsu, their first promotion, receiving the blue belt.
 ### Can I compete in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu/grappling and/or Mixed Martial Arts competition? Here at NJ United Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & MMA we also have a curriculum designed for the active competitor/fighter. On top of the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, students can also train their wrestling, submission grappling (No-Gi), and Muay Thai kickboxing.
 When choosing a school for competition purposes, the two main questions you have to ask yourself is does the instructor have experience? And has he trained and produced champions? Through my experience both as a competitor and as an instructor, I have been able to pass this knowledge to my students who have had great success competing in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, submission grappling, and Mixed Martial Arts competition.
 I have trained numerous fighters to victory in Mixed Martial Arts and I was also the jiu-jitsu coach for middleweight fighter Mike Massenzio.
 There is nothing that should keep you from giving our program a shot. I Guarantee You that you will love our program from the moment you walk into our facility. If you’re new to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) I must warn about you a few things. Most importantly you should know that schools are not created equally, and it is very important that you make an educated decision before picking a school. That is why I’m giving you 7 days to compare and decide the right place for you.
 Our goal is to have a friendly atmosphere, a great team. If you’re serious about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu so are we and there’s nothing that should stop you from giving our program a try in Totowa, NJ.
 ## How Do I Apply? You can send us a message by filling out our Contact Us section,
 or by calling us at 973-638-1570 .
 Thank you and I hope to see you soon.
 Jay Hayes
 Head Instructor
 NJ United MMA

 Need More Information on our
 Martial Arts Programs?

 School Location
 NJ United Mixed Martial Arts
 265 U.S. 46
 Totowa, NJ 07512
 We are located on the Westbound side
 of 46 in the building to the right of "Toys R Us". Please park in the back of our building, use the side entrance and walk up to the 3rd floor.
