---
source_url: http://www.jiujitsuboise.com
final_url: https://jiujitsuboise.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:02.704Z
---

# The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise #### One percent better every day Get Started Today For Free!

 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial Week! Г—

 #### Welcome To ## The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise
 The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise is the premier Jiu Jitsu academy in Meridian, Idaho. Being the oldest Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) school in Treasure Valley speaks to our longevity and top-quality instruction. WeвҖҷre rooted in cultivating a tight-knit community rooted in the sport of Jiu Jitsu. Whether youвҖҷre a beginner or an advanced competitor, youвҖҷll find your place among other martial artists. We welcome everyone to immerse themselves in The BaseвҖҷs culture of diversity and camaraderie.

 ## Free Trial Week Start your Jiu Jitsu journey with a free trial weekвҖ”experience the excitement and see what The Base Jiu Jitsu has to offer!

 Sign Up!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial Week! Г—

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise aims to share our passion for BJJ with students. Martial arts is a life-changing journey that improves your lifestyle and is a tool for self-improvement. Regardless of your goals off the mat, the Base Jiu Jitsu Boise will guide you to success. Our team takes time to understand our studentsвҖҷ strengths to educate them best. Martial arts wonвҖҷt only improve your physical strength and self-defense techniques; it will also improve your overall lifestyle on a mental and emotional level. The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise guarantees that you will be one percent better every day.
 #### Our History: Owner BJ Buttars started training martial arts in 2008 and began teaching when he earned his brown belt. The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise opened in 2005, but BJ took ownership of the academy in 2016. He wanted to continue on the legacy of The Base while changing the lives of students. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a peaceful escape, and BJ is grateful that he can carry out his passion every day. As he continues to grow The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise, BJ aims to make BJJ more accessible and approachable for all individuals.
 Learn More!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Family YouвҖҷll meet lifelong friends on the mat. Jiu Jitsu builds a sense of camaraderie through practicing with each other.

 ##### Perseverance We push our students to overcome adversities to succeed on and off the mat.

 ##### Self-Defense Brazilian Jiu Jitsu establishes a foundation for self-defense techniques so you can take on life more confidently.

 ##### Lifestyle Martial arts is a holistic lifestyle improvement. YouвҖҷll improve physically, mentally, and emotionally through training.

 ##### Culture The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise prides itself on an uplifting, positive culture.

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To!

 ## What People Are Saying...

 I wish I could give them more than 5 stars!

 Leah W.
 вӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸ , Google

 Their new gym is really nice! Everyone was friendly and welcoming.

 Shadow O.
 вӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸ , Google

 I see respectful kids with discipline and maturity. I see kids being comfortable with challenges.

 David D.
 вӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸ , Google

 Great place to train!

 Des & T.
 вӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸ , Google

 I believe if I choose to train here that I will be in very good hands.

 Tim O.
 вӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸ , Google

 Everyone was very friendly and the technique in the gym was super solid.

 Trent N.
 вӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸвӯҗпёҸ , Google

 ## Class Schedule Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ### Contact Us Today! The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise invites nearby communities, including Meridian, Boise, Nampa, and Caldwell, to join us training martial arts in Meridian, Idaho. WeвҖҷre located beside the Blue Cross of Idaho.

 (208) 629-7658
 info@jiujitsuboise.com
 2640 E State Ave STE 110, Meridian, ID 83642
 Get Directions

 ### The Base Jiu Jitsu Boise 2640 E State Ave STE 110, Meridian, ID 83642
 Get Directions
