---
source_url: https://socabjjlemongrove.com/classes/
final_url: https://socabjjlemongrove.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:10.104Z
---

## CLASSES

 ##### Adults Jiu-Jitsu Belt Program Soca Professors
 Beginner Class
 Beginning Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone. Your age and your fitness level does not matter. We all have to start somewhere and there is no better time than now. The beginners class at Soca BJJ Lemon Grove teaches the fundamental techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, positive manner. We drill to reinforce those techniques and spar to put those techniques to the test. Your professor as well as your fellow team members will nurture your growth and development in this art.
 ##### Adults Advanced Jiu-Jitsu Belt Program Advanced Class
 Now that you have mastered the basic techniques and achieved a beginning level of proficiency in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, the Adult Advanced class will level you up with even more techniques and self-defense moves. Master Alexandre Soca has expertly developed a carefully crafted curriculum to insure that your progression is natural.
 No Gi
 Students who have mastered basic beginner techniques with a gi may study the no gi jiu-jitsu variation where you will wear our academy’s rash guard and grappling shorts instead.

 ##### Kids Jiu-Jitsu Belt Program Mini Grapplers
 This beginner class will introduce kids 3 to 6 years old to the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a super fun and safe environment. They will learn basic movements organically while also learning self-discipline and team work.
 Little Grapplers
 This class is for kids 7 to 10 years old.
 We continue with the basics while adding more techniques according to the natural progression and ability of each individual child. As the children continue learning the art of Jiu-Jitsu we begin placing more emphasis on the development of solid techniques.
 Junior Grapplers
 This is the perfect class for students 11 to 13 years old. As they continue their Jiu-Jitsu journey the teachers continue adding techniques to the curriculum to expand their arsenal. More moves and counters are drilled and woven into a cohesive and strategic game, preparing them for competition if desired, as well as preparing them for a self-confident everyday life.

 #### Sign Up Today! Call or text (619) 323-1578

 Or send us your info below.
 Name
 Phone Number
 Email
 Message
 Email Let’s Go!
