---
source_url: http://10thplanetlongbeach.com
final_url: https://www.10thplanetlongbeach.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:37.311Z
---

By using this form, you are opting in and agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from 10th Planet Long Beach. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply.

 ## WHY 10TH PLANET LONG BEACH?
 10th Planet Long Beach: A fusion of community, high-level no-gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction, and personal growth to empower individuals of all skill levels, including those with a passion for competition. ​

 Learn More

 ## Been training for a few months now. Good vibes, good culture, and good jiu-jitsu. You get the sense Chai cares a lot about his students. Safe environment while pushing a high pace. Definitely would recommend.
 Nicholas

 ## Try Your First Class Free
 Sign Up Today

 ## OUR CLASSES
 We specialize in what matters most. Whether you're mastering Jiu-Jitsu techniques or building power and endurance through strength & conditioning, our classes are designed to help you achieve your goals.

 ### JIU-JITSU
 Our jiu-jitsu classes are designed to help you build confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills. With expert guidance from our coaches, you'll learn the art of grappling and submission.

 Join Now

 ### STRENGTH & CONDITIONING
 Our strength and conditioning classes are crafted to enhance your physical fitness, stamina, and overall well-being. Tailored to different fitness levels and preferences, our classes offer a diverse range of workouts to meet your specific goals and needs.

 Join Now

 By using this form, you are opting in and agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from 10th Planet Long Beach. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply.

 ## Gym Info
 ### Address
 1757 Pacific Ave.
 Long Beach, CA 90813

 ### Contact
 (562) 716-2761 (call or text)
 (562) 232-8461 (text only)

 contact@10thplanetlongbeach.com

 ### Hours
 Mon - Fri

 6:00 am – 8:00 am
 5:00 pm - 8:30 pm

 Saturday

 ​Sunday

 10:00 am – 11:30 am

 Closed
