---
source_url: http://www.mebjj.com
final_url: https://bjjaustin.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:20.490Z
---

Skip to content # Schedule A Free Class Today

 Name
 Phone
 Email
 Message
 SUBMIT

 Helping You Reach Your BJJ Goals

 ## What Our Members Say

 Mario Esfiha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Austin - Brasa Team
 5.0 Based on 22 reviews
 powered by G o o g l e
 review us on

 Ben Cohn 17:30 08 Dec 21

 The best club I could have joined in the Austin area. Mario and all the other instructors go out of their way to show they care about your well being in your Jiu Jitsu career and in general. They will also tell you exactly what you need to hear in order to get better. Recommend 💯.

 Karin Giardino 16:36 08 Dec 21

 I am so happy that I started my BJJ journey here! I walked in with a lot of nerves and absolutely no prior experience - and was warmly welcomed into a safe environment + generous community. Mario and the other coaches are great at providing detailed + effective, yet easy to understand, instruction. They always take the time to to answer questions and help out white belts like myself drill a technique. This place isn't close to my house - so I checked out other BJJ gyms in my area -- none of them had the same welcoming/community vibes! It's worth the drive! Highly recommend.

 Tatiana Kligerman 17:51 19 Sep 20

 Best BJJ in Austin! Mario and his team absolutely rock 💯

 Matt Mills 01:32 02 Jun 20

 I've been training with Mario for about a year now total, and I just can't say enough good things about him as a coach and the people here. Absolutely a top notch, no-nonsense school.

 Steven Zoll 17:02 13 Dec 19

 Attended a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu seminar here. Several Black Belts on the mats! Great instructors! Everyone was very friendly and willing to help with techniques. Very positive vibes!

 ## Meet Our Instructors

 #### Mario Esfiha Owner / Head Instructor
 BJJ Black Belt 6th Degree

 learn More

 #### Douglas Curtright Adult BJJ Instructor
 BJJ Black Belt 1st Degree
 Under Mario Esfiha

 learn More

 #### Colin Moore No Gi Instructor
 BJJ Black Belt

 learn More

 ## Why Train BJJ In Austin With Us?

 Here at Mario Esfiha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we want to see you succeed. We are equipped to teach anyone and everyone, from those completely new to the sport, to even the most seasoned pros. Mario and his instructors have a wealth of knowledge and experience, built over the last 30 years, to help you progress on your BJJ journey. We believe in giving everyone the individual attention that they need to be successful. Our facilities are clean, and we don’t charge any hidden fees.

 ### Why Mario Esfiha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Not only is Mario a founding member of Brasa Team, he also has over 30 years of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu experience. As a 6th degree black belt, he has an incredible knowledge and understanding of the foundations and techniques of BJJ.

 Whether you are new to the sport, or a skilled practitioner, training under Mario or one of his instructors will give you access to all of the tools that you will need in order to succeed on your BJJ journey.

 ### What Is Brasa Team? Brasa Team is a world-class Brazilian Jiu Jitsu team, lead by grapplers and fighters of the highest caliber with members all across the globe.

 ## Why Train BJJ In Austin With Us?

 Here at Mario Esfiha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we want to see you succeed. We are equipped to teach anyone and everyone, from those completely new to the sport, to even the most seasoned pros. Mario and his instructors have a wealth of knowledge and experience, built over the last 30 years, to help you progress on your BJJ journey. We believe in giving everyone the individual attention they need to be successful. Our facilities are clean, and we don’t charge any hidden fees.

 ### Why Mario Esfiha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Not only is Mario a founding member of Brasa Team, he also has over 30 years of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu experience. As a 6th degree black belt, he has an incredible knowledge and understanding of the foundations and techniques of BJJ.

 Whether you are new to the sport, or a skilled practitioner, training under Mario or one of his instructors will give you access to all the tools you will need to succeed on your BJJ journey.

 ### What Is Brasa Team? Brasa Team is a world-class Brazilian Jiu Jitsu team, lead by grapplers and fighters of the highest caliber with members all across the globe.

 ## Our Classes

 ### BJJ Gi

 This class includes the school’s full standard curriculum from BJJ fundamentals to advanced techniques

 learn More

 ### Beginners BJJ Gi

 The Beginners BJJ Gi class is designed primarily to give new students a look into Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training.

 learn More

 ### BJJ No Gi

 The No Gi curriculum will focus on the key elements of Jiu Jitsu training with one exception – the Gi is not worn in this class

 learn More

 ### Kids BJJ

 This program is tailored specifically for children between the ages of 4 and 12 (average)

 learn More

 ### Takedowns

 This class focuses on takedowns, or the most efficient ways to bring someone from standing to the ground

 learn More

 ### Muy Thai

 Muay Thai class teaches the ancient art of combat kickboxing as it has been taught and passed down from teacher to student for generations

 learn More

 ### BJJ Open Mat

 Open Mat time can be utilized to practice any of the curriculum in any of Mario’s courses

 learn More

 ## Come Try A Free BJJ Class In Austin!

 Members of all skill levels welcome

 Try A Free Class

 512-225-4844
