---
source_url: http://drysdalejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://drysdalejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:28.383Z
---

### Zenith Jiu-Jitsu by Robert Drysdale ## Your Journey Starts Today – Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academies across Las Vegas provide a safe and inclusive environment to learn martial arts and to come together with your local community. All of our programs are overseen by Jiu-Jitsu World Champion, Robert Drysdale. If you’re looking to flip your fitness routine upside down, look no further. At Zenith Jiu- Jitsu by Robert Drysdale, we believe that anyone is capable of success. The art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind too. Zenith Jiu-Jitsu by Robert Drysdale’s Jiu-Jitsu program will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment. Get started today with One-Day FREE Trial!
 Sign Up Today!
 ##### 3 Days FREE ×

 ## Features While you may have many Jiu Jitsu schools to choose from, we have no doubt that Zenith Jiu-Jitsu by Robert Drysdale is in a league of its own. Don’t believe us? Here’s why:

 - - Focus Amid the distractions of social media and the demands of modern life, Jiu Jitsu will help you refocus. - Self-defense While we offer a course explicitly for self defense, the elements of self defense are incorporated into each and every one of our classes. - Confidence Our martial arts training will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar! - Strength At Zenith Jiu-Jitsu by Robert Drysdale, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 #### Ages 5+ ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) isn’t just for adults. In fact, it’s the perfect activity for kids! This form of martial arts incorporates a lot of ground grappling and is based in automatic human responses.
 Learn More

 #### Ages 7+ ### Agon Combat Jiu Jitsu Learn More

 #### Ages 14+ ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master. BJJ focuses on ground level altercations – utilizing holds, throws, blows, and a variety of submission techniques.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - I came to train while visiting Las Vegas and couldn't be happier! If I lived in Las Vegas this would definitely be my school, and anytime I come for a visit I'll be dropping in. Michael Pellegrini Student - Super welcoming to beginners, and super hard rounds for the most experienced. The coaches are kind and teach very well. Here you learn great skills and meet even greater people. Andrew Lanza Student - I am so happy we found this gym!! It really has help my daughter with her confidence and my son with his shyness because of his speech. Ashlee Fowlie Parent - Great place to learn and train BJJ. My 10 & 12 year olds also train with me. They have taught my kids lessons for on and off the mat. Just wish I would have started sooner Justin Earl Parent/Student

 #### Is Jiu Jitsu Effective for Self Defense Effective self defense requires training against resistance. Jiu Jitsu is practiced live, making it realistic. Many real altercations involve close…

 Read More

 #### Is it Too Late to Start BJJ? Why Beginners in Las Vegas are Choosing Zenith Have you ever thought about starting Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu but told yourself, “I need to get in shape first,” or “I’m…

 Read More

 #### How Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Builds Unstoppable Confidence in Kids As a parent, you want the best for your child. You want them to be strong, to stand up for…

 Read More
