---
source_url: https://strongheartacademy.com/bjj-programs
final_url: https://strongheartacademy.com/bjj-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:07.824Z
---

# BJJ for Kids and Adults

 ## Martial Arts Programs - BJJ North Phoenix

 #### Adult BJJ - Gi and No Gi

 Transform your life with Brazilian Jiu‑Jitsu. Try a FREE class and experience a welcoming, family‑friendly environment. Build real skills, develop a game that fits your body, and discover why adults everywhere are falling in love with Jiu‑Jitsu.

 Adult BJJ
 Adult BJJ

 #### Kids BJJ Classes

 Our Kids BJJ program separates students into Tiny Tigers (5–7), Kids BJJ Gi (7–12), and Teens BJJ (13–17) to ensure safety, proper development, and focused learning. Each group builds confidence, meets personal goals, and develops a strong, age‑appropriate Jiu‑Jitsu game.

 Kids BJJ
 Kids BJJ

 Love this program! Age 7-12 and Teen classes are packed with instruction and awesome instructors that are obviously experienced working with children. Facility is clean, kids all take direction. I see my son learning so much, we're very excited to be getting started!!!

 This place is Awesome!! Mike (Owner) has gone above and beyond! Strong heart really instills not only Jiu-Jitsu lessons but also life lessons outside of the academy for kids and adults, if you are considering putting your kiddo in this class or even taking courses yourself, do it you will not regret it!!

 I started coming here roughly 1 month ago. The environment is great and both the coaches and your fellow students want you to grow and be successful. This is one of the few gyms where the vibes are always good and egos are left at the door. If you have never tried and are interested, or looking for a new gym this is a great spot.

 #### Online BJJ Curriculum

 Our online BJJ training gives you structured warm‑ups, essential drills, and clear instruction on offense, defense, and counters. Train anytime, build real technique, and improve faster with step‑by‑step videos designed to support your progress on and off the mats.

 Online Video Enrollment
 Online Video Enrollment

 #### BJJ Professors

 Our BJJ professors bring years of experience to kids and adult classes in both Gi and No‑Gi. They focus on safety, skill development, and personalized coaching, helping every student build confidence, technique, and a strong Jiu‑Jitsu foundation.

 Professors
 Professors

 #### No-Gi BJJ - MMA

 No‑Gi BJJ delivers fast‑paced, dynamic training that sharpens technique, speed, and real‑world grappling skills. Without the Gi grips, students learn to rely on movement, control, and strategy—building athleticism, confidence, and a well‑rounded Jiu‑Jitsu game.

 No Gi BJJ
 No Gi BJJ

 #### BJJ Class Schedule

 From early morning rolls to evening family sessions, our schedule fits your life. With dedicated morning and night classes for both kids and adults , we make family friendly BJJ accessible to everyone.

 BJJ Schedule
 BJJ Schedule

 ## BJJ Schedule
