---
source_url: http://www.theacademyofpensacola.com/classes/kid-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.theacademyofpensacola.com/classes/kid-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:54.085Z
---

# Kids Classes: Jiu Jitsu

 ## Jiu Jitsu for Kids A predominantly ground-based martial art, Jiu Jitsu is a form of self-defense that uses leverage, angles and timing to ultimately achieve a non-violent submission of your opponent. It requires intense focus and discipline, making this a great activity for children who are looking for stimulation outside the screen and a fun way to get moving.
 ENROLL NOW
 ### Benefits Practicing Jiu Jitsu benefits children’s emotional and physical health in several ways, from transforming their bodies to building self-confidence. This is a great martial art for children to study, as it:
 - Improves mental focus, coordination, posture and overall strength, while boosting their confidence. - Helps initiate muscle memory through complex movements. - Introduces self-defense skills that your children can build on as they grow. - Teaches children how to set goals and achieve them. - Provides a good environment for new friendships. - Promotes a healthy lifestyle, including clean nutrition, good sleeping habits and hydration.

 ### Gear All students are required to wear a gi, which is the traditional training uniform for the sport. We have loaner gear, so let us know if you don’t have one. Be sure your child comes to class wearing comfortable clothing that allows free movement.
 ### Class – What to Expect Class agendas vary, but the average Jiu Jitsu class involves a warm up, technique work, drills and rolls, allowing plenty of time for students to ask questions and engage in one-on-one training.

 ENROLL NOW

 ## Enroll Today! Ready to get your child started on a life-changing journey? Click here to register for Jiu Jitsu or to see our other courses.

 ## Jiu Jitsu Instructors
 John Henson Mike Wimmer Rob Turnquest John Vargas Andis Ryan Salgado
