---
source_url: http://www.phoenixwushu.com
final_url: https://www.phoenixwushu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:36.128Z
---

#### NEW ANNOUNCEMENT: WE ARE NOW A CLASSWALLET VENDOR SERVING ESA STUDENTS ALL OVER THE VALLEY!

 # LEARN MARTIAL ARTS, DEVELOP CHARACTER
 Starting at the age of 2, children's character, physical and cognitive development increase drastically. It is our mission to help children grow into successful adults. Through our character building martial arts program, children learn focus, self-confidence, discipline, respect, and honor while developing the strength, flexibility, coordination, and endurance to become true martial artists.

 REQUEST MORE INFO

 ## TESTIMONIALS
 ## KAI OU
 My son has been with Phoenix Wushu Academy for 8 years and he grew up in this wonderful school. I'm so glad that I found this place, it is a wonderful family that encourages kids to not only be champions in their sport but to become a better human being as well. Through their professional training my son has blossomed into a national and international champion. I cannot be more proud of him and the school. Definitely recommend to anyone looking for high level training in Wushu and wonderful lasting friendships and community.

 ## JOHN LANGLOIS
 My son loves it here. There is no better place for your child to learn Wushu. Master Ho is not only amazing in his knowledge but has the unique teaching ability to convey it to the students in way they not only progress at a high level but ENJOY putting in the work to become better. Yes it is a school of Martial Arts but the people, from the students, parents, Master Ho, his wife Bonnie, and daughter Jane, make it much more special.

 ## ANNABEL LEE
 There are reasons why Phoenix Wushu Academy is one of the best. Besides having a Master who is an international champion with over 10 years of teaching experience, the school also fosters a unique environment where the students grow, improve, and cheer on their training brothers and sisters. In fact, students here form such close bonds that they refer to one another as their "wushu family." Furthermore, Phoenix Wushu Academy offers students unparalleled opportunities to exhibit their wushu skills by competing in international tournaments and performing in professional shows, such as the annual Mulan performance, which is taking place in Phoenix's Orpheum Theater next year. Students of all age groups will find a place where they can better themselves and find new family at Phoenix Wushu Academy.

 ## OUR PROGRAMS
 We believe that martial arts is a way of life and a journey that can be started at any age. We offer excellent age specific instruction for both kids and adults. Our world class instructors strive to cater to the needs of every student and help them achieve their goals.
 ​
 We strive to create a safe, clean and healthy environment where students can grow physically, mentally and socially through positive encouragement and professional instruction.
 ​
 We are also an approved ClassWallet vendor serving ESA students all over the Valley!

 KIDS MARTIAL ARTS

 Our kids martial arts program encourages character development, physical and social growth. We create a safe and supportive environment where your children can thrive and confidently grow into their full potential.

 Learn More

 ADULT MARTIAL ARTS

 We challenge men, women, and teens to stay active and learn effective self defense through the art of Kung Fu. Start your journey of empowerment today! You won't regret it.

 Learn More

 CHINESE MMA/SELF DEFENSE

 Learn combat skills and self defense through the art of Sanda (Chinese MMA). We teach techniques of boxing, kicking, wrestling, take-downs and more. We train our students to become well-rounded martial artists that can thrive in any situation.

 Learn More

 TAICHI

 Learn moving meditation through Tai Chi. Unlock your inner zen and achieve balance, coordination, strength and improved memory through zero impact training.

 Learn More

 # OUR UPCOMING EVENT
 Get Tickets Here

 ## REQUEST MORE INFO NOW
 700 N. Cooper Rd
 Gilbert, AZ 85233

 480-822-9339

 phoenixwushuacademy@gmail.com

 - - - -

 First Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 Email
 Send
 Thanks for submitting!

 # OUR SPECIAL OFFERS

 Service Information - Under 5 Martial Arts 1ST MONTH SPECIALLoading days...49.99 US dollars$49.99Book Now - Kids Martial Arts 1ST MONTH SPECIALLoading days...49.99 US dollars$49.99Book Now - Teens Martial Arts 1ST MONTH SPECIALLoading days...49.99 US dollars$49.99Book Now - Adult Martial Arts 1ST MONTH SPECIALLoading days...69.99 US dollars$69.99Book Now - Adult Stretching Class 1ST MONTH SPECIALLoading days...49.99 US dollars$49.99Book Now - Chinese MMA/Self Defense 1 MONTH SPECIALLoading days...59.99 US dollars$59.99Book Now - Taichi 1ST MONTH SPECIALLoading days...59.99 US dollars$59.99Book Now

 ## ABOUT PHOENIX WUSHU ACADEMY
 Since 2010, we have been a leader in the martial arts community in the US. We have helped countless students achieve their goals and dreams through martial arts. Our students graduate from here and attend Harvard, UC Berkeley, Rice, Cornell and other top Ivy League schools .
 Why?
 Because we specialize in building self confidence, discipline and character in kids. We make sure that they believe in themselves as much as we believe in them. Because we know that when they have the grit and perseverance to master martial arts, they can do ANYTHING they put their mind to.

 Our top instructors are world champions, international certified judges and professionals that are here to help you achieve your goals .

 Learn More

 ### All Videos
 Play Video

 Share
 Whole Channel This Video
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest
 Tumblr
 Copy Link

 Link Copied

 Search videos Search video...

 Now Playing
 ### Who We Are
 00:46

 Play Video
 Now Playing
 ### PWA WWKD
 00:13

 Play Video

 ## No events at the moment

 ## CONTACT US
 700 N Cooper Road

 phoenixwushuacademy@gmail.com

 4808229339

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 ##### Get More Info Today
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
