---
source_url: http://www.804jiu-jitsu.com
final_url: https://www.804jiu-jitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:28.731Z
---

Tony Passos seminar - Group photo

 Tony and Heriberto Lopez _ Black Belt _

 Jiu-Jitsu Ladies

 Tony Passos seminar - Group photo

 1/24

 # Why 804 Jiu-Jitsu?
 At 804 Jiu-Jitsu we focus on winning attitudes that allow our students to succeed on and off the matts. Our experienced instructors make sure the atmosphere at 804 Jiu-Jitsu remains inviting and engaging - creating a learning environment comfortable for any skill level.
 Persistence , patience and passion are the driving forces behind our instructors. They are patient with all skill levels and persistent with helping every student achieve their maximum Jiu-Jitsu potential; that's their passion!
 Whether you want to learn a proven self defense system, get into better shape or become a competitive Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, you will find a home at 804 Jiu-Jitsu .

 ## FREE TRIAL
 CLICK TO CLAIM FREE TRIAL
 Thanks! Message sent.

 ## Classes

 ## Private Classes available upon request! Please give us a call to schedule.

 ### Adult Gi Class
 The Adults Gi class is designed for everyone wishing to learn Self Defense and the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Adult No Gi Class
 Our adult No Gi class is open for adults who want to strengthen their BJJ by learning submission grappling techniques that do not require a Gi.

 #### Kid's Class
 Our kids class curriculum focuses on Self Defense techniques and the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We provide them a safe way to exercise while increasing their Self Defense knowledge.

 ## Information

 ## 804 Jiu-Jitsu Class Schedule(click schedule image to print)

 ## Additional Information

 ## Professor Heriberto Lopez Owner and Head Instructor
 Heriberto Lopez, our Academy Owner and Head Instructor is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt under Professor Tony Passos. He has over 15 years of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training experience. He is also a combat veteran with four combat tours and over 20 years of active duty in the US Army, as a US Army Paratrooper and Logistics Manager. While serving in the Army, he was also a Modern Army Combatives Instructor.
 ​
 His Jiu-Jitsu journey has provided him the opportunity to share the mats with some of the best instructors and practitioners all over the world. Due to the nature of the military lifestyle and military assignment requirements, he had to change Jiu-Jitsu schools and/or affiliation every couple of years, but he still kept training and creating his own path on his Jiu-Jitsu journey. Some of his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructors throughout his journey are; Prof. Ted Stickle, Prof. Eric Burdo, Prof. Mike Crawford, Prof. Klint Radwani, Prof. Jeff Vigil, Prof. John Frankl, Prof. Kris Kim and now he is a member of “Team Passos”, under Prof. Tony Passos.
 ​
 Click here to read more and discover a few of Heriberto's competition accomplishments.
 ​

 ## Location
 ### Market Square Shopping Center4816 Market Square Lane Midlothian, VA 23112

 ## Follow Us
 -
