---
source_url: http://crushkickboxing.com/
final_url: https://crushkickboxing.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:27.503Z
---

- support@crushkickboxing.com - 843-321-8899

 Menu

 # Best Martial Arts School in Little River

 "An amazing experience." We transform kids into leaders full of discipline and focus. We help adults get fit and safe, fast. And we do it with FUN classes, amazing community, and action-packed martial arts. Try us risk-free today. Start your journey to a better you with the best martial arts training in Little River.

 - Our Little River members see results fast. You'll see the difference in as little as 1 week.

 ## LIMITED TIME OFFER 2 WEEK TRIAL for ONLY $24! Free T-Shirt Included!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Kids Martial Arts & Kickboxing (Ages 5-7) Kids Martial Arts & Kickboxing (Ages 8-11) Teen Martial Arts & Kickboxing (Ages 12-16) Adult Muay Thai (Ages 17+)

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Crush Kickboxing. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 Best kids and adults martial arts center in Little River. See why hundreds of Little River residents love our martial arts classes for their kids. You’ll love our fun, friendly community of members.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Kids Martial Arts & Kickboxingin Little River Get ready to see your child grow. Our kids martial arts & kickboxing classes build character. Every fun, action-packed class grows focus, discipline, confidence, and respect. Watch as your child transforms, becoming their best selves. There's no other Little River kids martial arts program like it.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Martial Arts & Kickboxingin Little River Let's grow your teen's confidence, discipline, focus, and respect in our amazing Little River teen martial arts & kickboxing classes. Passionate instructors guide your teen to becoming their best selves. And at the same time, your child will get fitter, stronger, more focused, more disciplined, and ready to take on life.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adults Fitness Kickboxingin Little River Looking to boost your energy and get in shape fast? Fitness Kickboxing classes in Little River offer an exciting, high-energy workout designed to help you burn calories, build strength, and improve cardiovascular health. With a combination of punches, kicks, and bodyweight exercises, these classes deliver a full-body workout that’s both fun and effective.

 LEARN MORE our program

 pricing

 # Best Value

 ### $

 ### 119

 ### Per Month

 - 2 Classes Per Week

 # $

 # 185

 # Per Month

 - 4 Classes Per Week

 ## why CHOOSE Crush Kickboxing?

 We opened our martial arts school here in Little River with a simple mission: Help our community get safer, and stronger — inside and out. For thousands of years, martial arts has helped millions of people become their best selves. As you master the techniques, train hard, form bonds with your classmates — you transform on the inside too. Your confidence grows. Your focus grows. Your discipline grows. You’re able to achieve more in your day-to-day life.
 Kids do better in school and find it easier to make friends and socialize. Adults focus more intently on their careers, relationships, and family. And knowing that you have the skills to keep you and your loved ones safe gives peace of mind. We’re committed to our community, and to you. Come try us out with our amazing web special and see for yourself, today.

 “ My son absolutely loves this class! He loves his new friends and his Coach! The location is perfect for us and the price is of enrollment is very reasonable! My son has learned very valuable lessons!”

 “I signed up for a membership and Coach Michael and Coach Garrett have been so helpful in helping me hone in on my skills. The environment is very welcoming and friendly to all skill levels. There is no judgement there and everyone is respectful and kind to one another. “

 “My son has been attending Crush for over a year. He really enjoys it . I think it’s good exercise for him and I can tell he’s really had a workout after class. The instructors are firm but patient. They place an emphasis on respect and the kids building friendships. “

 “ My son has really blossomed while at Crush. We weren’t sure how he would enjoy it and really liked that they offered an introductory package. He had found something he really enjoys and it’s fun to see his progress. “

 “Crush Kickboxing is an amazing studio for people of any age wanting to learn self defense or get in shape. As for myself I’ve been taking the adult kickboxing classes and can say it has been a great experience and an excellent learning point in my life.”

 “ Best Dojo ever! I’ve made lots of friends and boosted my confidence”

 ## It's the will. Not the skill.

 ## Build Self-Discipline

 Your starting fitness and skill levels don’t matter – as long as you put in the effort in every class, you’ll see results.

 ## Gain Confidence

 When you step out of your comfort zone in our classes, you allow space for unshakable confidence to grow.

 ## Improve Focus

 Mindfulness practices don’t go away when you step off the mat. The skills you gain in class flow into everything you do.

 ## About our programs

 ## Kids Martial Arts & Kickboxingin Little River Would you like your child to grow their Focus, confidence, discipline, and sense of respect? Then our Little River kids martial arts & kickboxing classes are for you. We've helped so many families in our community. We'd love to help you too. We get your child off their screens, and do powerful fitness & self-defense to make their bodies & minds as strong as can be.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Martial Arts & Kickboxingin Little River Our Little River teen martial arts & kickboxing classes help your child grow into the confident, strong person they're capable of becoming. Teens need guidance and community to become their best selves. They need fitness to let out stress & stay healthy. And they need to know how to protect themselves should the need arise. We've got you covered on all fronts.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Fitness Kickboxingin Little River Are you ready to take your fitness to the next level? Our Fitness Kickboxing classes in Little River are designed to help you get fit, fast, and have fun while doing it! Combining the best aspects of cardio, strength training, and martial arts, these classes are perfect for anyone looking to burn fat, tone muscles, and increase endurance.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Does Martial Arts Training Ever Turn Kids Into Bullies?
 Bullies are rooted in insecurity and fear. But our Little River kids martial arts classes grow confidence, focus, and respect. And our group training builds positive social skills and confidence. So long story short: No! Your child won’t become a bully, and there are no bullies in our classes either!

 Should Parents Stay And Watch?
 That is up to you! If you need some ‘me time’ — go grab a coffee and relax. Your child is in great hands. If you’d like to stay and observe, you’re welcome to do that as well, and make friends with the other parents. We’ve got a great community here in our Little River martial arts school and can’t wait for you to become part of it.

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No way! Some folks come to us who have never exercised in their lives. Others have athlete-levels of fitness. That’s the beauty of martial arts — everyone starts at the same place. And although you’re in a group setting, you’re on your own personal journey. Some people advance faster than others. Every pace is okay. There’s no ego here in our Little River kids and adult martial arts classes. Just support and positivity.

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 There is no real answer for this! And we’d urge you to be cautious of any school that gives you one. The truth is, the path to black belt is a deeply personal and individual journey. Some folks have natural talent and practice hard every day. Other people need to spend more time building coordination and fitness.
 It’s not about getting to black belt, it’s about you becoming a better version of yourself along the way. As you train, overcome obstacles, make friends, find support — you’ll become a stronger you, inside and out.
 And our instructors here at Crush Kickboxing Little River are committed to you every step.

 How Do I Claim My Limited Time Offer?
 Assuming all spots are not taken — claiming your amazing web special is easy.
 1) Scroll to the top of this page and fill out the form. Or…
 2) Click to access any of our program-specific pages, and fill out the form on that page. Or…
 3) Give us a call at 843-321-8899! We’re happy to sign you up over the phone too!
 Spots are limited so please hurry. We’d hate to see you miss out.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 For your first martial arts class here at Crush Kickboxing in Little River you’ll only need a few things: comfy clothes, a water bottle, and an open mind.
 It’s perfectly natural to be nervous your first time too. Happens to everyone! As soon as you see how kind and welcoming our community here is, that will disappear.

 I'm Not Very Sporty Or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all! Little River men, women, and children of all fitness levels come to us, whether it’s for kids or adult martial arts. Come as you are!
 Some of our top students were unfit and uncoordinated at first. Now they’re performing techniques they never dreamed possible. The confidence they gained realizing what they were capable of is the biggest gift of the process.
 All you have to do is show up. We’ll take care of the rest.
