---
source_url: http://www.darkhorsecombatclub.com
final_url: https://darkhorsecombatclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:53.611Z
---

### Dark Horse Combat Club ## Train, Defend, Empower Our goal at Dark Horse in Central Denver is to enhance our community and it’s citizens through the positive personal development a martial arts education provides. Our passion for our students encourages us to strive, every day, to exceed all expectations. We offer a clean and friendly environment, 7 days a week schedule, professional and courteous staff, and top notch instructors who are ready and willing to answer all of your questions. Come join our gym just in the Art District on Santa Fe just southwest of Downtown and set out on an exciting journey today!

 ## Features At Dark Horse Combat Club, we stand apart from the crowd. Here are a few of the advantages of our martial arts training that you won’t find elsewhere:

 - - Focus Amid the distractions of social media and the demands of modern life, martial arts help you refocus. - Self-defense Martial arts is one of the best forms of self-defense training. Come see what the hype is about! - Confidence Our martial arts training will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar! - Strength At Dark Horse Combat Club, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 #### (Ages 7-16) ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu It’s never too early to develop a passion for Martial Arts. Here at Dark Horse Combat Club, the development of our youngest students is our top priority.
 Learn More

 #### Adult ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) has gained a lot of attention in recent years, and it’s pretty obvious why. Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master.
 Learn More

 #### Adult ### Muay Thai Kickboxing Muay Thai is sweeping the globe, being recognized as an Olympic sport in 2016 and quickly gaining immense popularity. So what’s the big deal? Muay Thai is set apart from the crowd by its distinctive style of boxing that utilizes eight points of contact.
 Learn More

 #### MMA ### Mixed Martial Arts Are you ready for the biggest challenge yet? Take on a true total-body approach today with our MMA classes in Denver. With the help of our professional instructors, you can build your skills from the ground up or take your training to the next level.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - Welcoming atmosphere, patient and knowledgeable coaches, skilled and friendly students that challenge you in every way. Couldn't have found a better BJJ gym in Denver! Curtis H Student - My ten year old has been coming here for 3 months and we couldn't be happier! After trying 3 different martial arts schools, we were thrilled to find Dark Horse! Royal R Parent - The instructors are friendly. The facility is clean and neat. You feel like you're apart of a community when you're there. It's an overall excellent place to train. Todd P Student - 2 months in and my boys are hooked! One would think that the coaches In the children's class have an education in early childhood development, because of the way they interact... Abigail P Parent - Dark horse is an amazing place to start or continue your fitness/life skills journey. Extremely knowledgeable professor's and coaches dedicated in helping you grow! Casey P Parent & Student - Never thought I would like Jiu Jitsu. Decided to try Darkhorse and so thankful I did. This place is like a family. Jeremiah S Student - I'm so grateful for Dark Horse, it is such a positive impact in my life. In the 6 months since my 6 year old son and I have joined, I've seen so much growth for both of us! Rachael R Parent & Student - This is a training environment full of incredibly talented martial artists, minus the attitude and swagger you find in so many places. Eric L Student - Wonderfully exhausting!! I'm a visitor from California and Dark Horse Combat Club welcomed me like family. Coach Jason was knowledgeable and energetic. Julia B Parent & Student - Dark Horse Combat Club is an excellent place to learn jiu jitsu. The technique taught here is nuanced and the lessons are well structured. Samuel W Student

 #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Teen Girls: Building Confidence and Safety Skills Early Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Teen Girls: Building Confidence and Safety Skills Early Teenage years are a critical time for building confidence,…

 Read More

 #### Mental Health Awareness: What Can We Learn from Jiu-Jitsu? Mental Health Awareness: What Can We Learn from Jiu-Jitsu? Mental health awareness has become an essential part of how we…

 Read More

 #### The Inspiring History of Women in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu The Inspiring History of Women in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) has become one of the most empowering martial arts…

 Read More
