---
source_url: https://copperheadjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://copperheadjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:36.601Z
---

- Littles Jiu-Jitsu for ages 4-7 is tailored to the physical and cognitive abilities of young children. Classes aim to instill discipline, respect, and teamwork in a positive and supportive environment, helping children build confidence and lay a strong foundation for their physical development. They also learn the basics of jiu jitsu and self-defense skills, which can help them bully proof themselves. - Juniors This class is for young practitioners learning a combination of throws, takedowns, joint locks, and ground control techniques. Emphasis is placed on developing agility, coordination, balance, and discipline. The training also includes elements of self-defense in a safe and age-appropriate manner. - Adults All Levels This is a perfect class for any beginner looking to get started in the grappling arts or practitioners looking to sharpen their basics. Here we will take the time to break down and drill some timeless techniques that have evolved the art of Jiu Jitsu. - Competition Training can be focused and designed for experienced grapplers looking to be physically challenged and to prepare any students looking to push themselves in a competitive setting.

 Schedules

 - La Grande Littles Ages 4 - 6Tuesday 4:00pm - GiWednesday 4:00pm - GiThursday 4:00pm - No- GiJuniors Ages 9 - 14Tuesday 5:00 pm - GiWednesday 5:00 pm - GiThursday 5:00 pm - No GiAll Levels Ages 14+Tuesday 6:00 pm - GiWednesday 6:00 pm - GiThursday 6: 00 pm - No GiSaturday Open Mat 12:00am - No Gi - Pendleton Littles Ages 4 - 7Monday 4:00pm - GiTuesday 4:00pm - No GiThursday 4:00pm - GiJuniors Ages 8 - 14Monday 5:00 pm - GiTuesday 5:00 pm - No GiThursday 5:00 pm - GiAll Levels Ages 14+Monday 6:00 pm - GiTuesday 6:00 pm - No GiThursday 6:00 pm - No GiFriday Open Mat 6:00
 Request a free trial class.

 Memberships

 1 Member = $90/Month

 2 Members = $150/Month

 3 Members = $210/Month

 4 Members = $270/Month

 5 Members or more please contact

 Gorge Martinez @ 541-240-1991

 ##
