---
source_url: https://taylorbiagijiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.taylorbiagijiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:57.656Z
---

### Taylor Biagi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 # See why we’re the best BJJ academy in West Town

 ### your journey starts here
 Discover how Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can empower you, build confidence, and transform your life.

 ### Transform your body, sharpen your mind, and join a community that thrives on growth.

 When was the last time you felt truly in control—both mentally and physically? Whether you're mastering a new skill or pushing your limits, the balance you seek starts on the mat. At Taylor Biagi JJ Academy, we combine the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with a supportive, beginner-friendly environment designed for self-improvement.

 ### Join our Programs

 # Adults

 Learn more
 Learn more

 # Kids

 Learn more
 Learn more

 #### Beginner-Friendly Environment Our supportive community and experienced instructors make it easy for beginners to get started, offering step-by-step guidance and personalized attention.

 #### Outstanding Curriculum We provide a structured, progressive curriculum that blends the art and science of Jiu-Jitsu, ensuring you master techniques and improve consistently at any level.

 #### Expert Coaching Our passionate coaches are dedicated to helping you achieve your goals—whether for fitness, self-defense, or competition.

 #### Supportive Community Join a network of like-minded young urban professionals who are passionate about self-improvement. Our community thrives on mutual support, growth, and shared goals, both on and off the mats.

 #### Living in Chicago? ### Book a class now Grab your free trial for jiu jitsu near you

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### Book a Class NOW

 Looking for a workout that pushes you, challenges you, and leaves you stronger inside and out?
 Our programs build resilience, confidence, and practical skills—no matter your experience level.
 Transform your body, sharpen your mind, and join a community that thrives on growth.

 ### Testimonials

 # Start your jiu jitsu journey

 # Come train with us # 〰️
 # Come train with us 〰️
