---
source_url: http://www.cantuselfdefense.com/classes
final_url: https://www.cantuselfdefense.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:14.473Z
---

BOOK A CLASS

 Classes

 # Our Programs
 Learn self-defense in a private setting or in a large group.

 ## Our Programs
 ### Visiting Students Work your inner core.

 Button

 ### Adult Program Time flies when you're spinning.

 Button

 ### Kid Program Strength training that's never dull.

 Button

 ### Junior Your adrenaline will be pumping.

 Button

 ### Private Classes Music for your body and soul.

 Button

 ## Visiting Students
 You are welcome to come and have a free trial class. Please come 20 min. before class begins and we’ll lend you the supplies you will need for class. If you are 17 years or younger, you will need your parent to accompany you.

 BOOK A CLASS

 ## Adult Program
 #### FIGHTING FOUNDATIONS ™️ - F27™️
 Fighting Foundation™ is a 27 Lesson System includes over 100 techniques that could literally save your life in a real street confrontation. Our teaching method is an adaptation of Grand Master Hélio Gracie’s private class curriculum to be used in a group setting. Under the strict guidance of Professor Pedro Valente, we follow the F27™ program in order to allow students to learn Grand Master Hélio’s system. Frequent practice is essential if efficiency is to be gained in the Fighting Foundations™ class. The key to learning Jiu-Jitsu is repetition. The ultimate goal is to condition your subconscious with Jiu-Jitsu techniques so that you can automatically react in a critical situation.

 BOOK A CLASS
 #### FIGHTING MASTERY ™️
 Once a student has completed Fighting Foundations™ they will have the opportunity to join the Advanced Program. This program consists of different specialized classes and focuses more deeply on each separate element of a fight. In the course of the Fighting Mastery™ you will learn new techniques and combinations, improve your reaction time and refine your current knowledge.

 At this level, Jiu-Jitsu will become natural and you will learn to put the basic techniques together into various combinations, with the use of leverage and momentum.

 The program consists of the following elements of Jiu-Jitsu:

 *Grappling Techniques
 *Throwing Techniques
 *Striking & Clinching Strategies
 *Standing Self-defense Techniques (weapons included)
 *Sparring Sessions
 *No Gi Training
 *A54™ (Lessons 28-54)

 ## Kid Program
 Our goal is to build rock solid kids. Our students may begin at age 5 and we focus on the physical, emotional and mental well-being as well as the education of our children. Our young students develop confidence, discipline, courage, responsibility, and leadership among other essential values.

 Everyday in the United States, an estimated 150,000 kids miss school due to fear or intimidation of bullies. In fact, many believe that fear of bullying may be the leading cause of low self-confidence in children. We provide our young students the most powerful defensive skills so they will be ready to stand up against bullies or attackers. We also help our kids to develop the characteristics and skills they will need to live a happy and full life. We promote non-violent resolutions to conflict.

 BOOK A CLASS

 ## Junior Program
 #### Building Strong and Confident Young Adults Ages 11 to 16
 This program will follow the same self-defense curriculum as our adult’s jiu-jitsu class including grappling, throwing, striking & clinching techniques and sparring. This will also be a chance for our older kid’s ages 11 to 15 to spar with stronger, quicker and more aggressive opponents. This training will allow our young students to experience what an assault with an adult will really feel like in case ever attacked by a stranger. Our program is a huge confidence builder that ensures our young students stay away from negative habits that are so common with many teens. Cantu’s Academy provides powerful role models with positive and healthy behavior both on and off the mat.

 BOOK A CLASS

 ## Private Classes
 #### Learn Self-Defense in a private setting or in a large group.
 The fastest and most efficient way to take full advantage of Jiu-Jitsu techniques and all its intricacies and details is by taking private lessons. Grand Master Hélio Gracie personally designed a curriculum that enables any individual to become physically independent in only 36 lessons.

 During private lessons you will learn a number of techniques against all types of street aggressions including bare hand, club, knife and gun attacks.

 With private instruction, you will posses the knowledge and reflexes necessary to realistically improve the chances of defending yourself in a real street fight.

 We offer private instruction in your home/office and we can also teach self-defense and/or cardio kick-boxing in a group setting such as church groups, women’s groups, businesses, etc. and you are welcome to come to our school or we can come to you.

 BOOK A CLASS

 #### USEFUL LINKS

 #### CONTACT INFO
 By Appointment

 Cantu’s Texas Jiu-Jitsu
 Self-Defense Academy
 8674 Highway 6 N.
 Houston, TX 77095

 cantutexasbjj@gmail.com

 (832) 642-2313

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Cantu's Jiu-Jitsu

 Share by:
