---
source_url: http://www.cantuselfdefense.com
final_url: https://www.cantuselfdefense.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:14.595Z
---

BOOK A CLASS

 ##### Jiu-Jitsu Self Defense Academy
 ### Teaching 100% Jiu-Jitsu Self-Defense to Men, Women & Children.
 Our Mission
 Our Schedule

 # A state permitting clear perception and understanding; the area that may be seen distinctly or resolved into a clear image.
 ## GET STARTED
 Affiliation of Valente Brothers™️ Jiu-Jitsu Self-Defense in Miami, Florida (www.valentebrothers.com)

 Book a Class Now
 FREE TRIAL

 - Slide title Write your caption here Button - Slide title Write your caption here Button - Slide title Write your caption here Button - Slide title Write your caption here Button - Slide title Write your caption here Button

 JOIN US FOR OUR SUMMER CAMPS!!
 Summertime is just around the corner so make plans to attend our AWESOME summer camps!

 First Summer Camp Session
 Monday June 15 - Thursday June 18
 9:00 am - 11:00 am

 Second Summer Camp Session
 Monday July 20 - Thursday July 23
 9:00 am - 11:00 am

 $125 per summer camp session

 Don't miss out on the chance to have your child learn Jiu-Jitsu Self-Defense for all skill levels!

 Learn More!

 #### STRIVING TO OFFER GREAT THINGS AT CANTU'S TEXAS JIU-JITSU SELF DEFENSE ACADEMY INCLUDING:

 ### 01 PROVEN METHODS
 Following the proven methods of Grand Master Hélio Gracie, Cantu’s Texas Jiu-Jitsu Self-Defense Academy was established to provide the most effective self-defense instruction in the world by giving students elements to defend themselves as humanely as possible.

 ### 02 QUALITY FACILITY
 We have nearly 2,400 sq. ft. of premium mat space, theater style seating for our visitors, separate men and women locker rooms and shower facilities. We are located in Houston, TX. More specifically, Northwest Houston, Copperfield area. By 290 and Highway 6 North.

 ### 03 FAMILY ENVIRONMENT
 Our students are smart and successful with remarkable family values who respect one another. We hope to create camaraderie in our school that you can’t find anywhere else, a place where you can feel at home . . . a place where you instantly feel like a part of our Jiu-Jitsu family

 ## OUR FACILITY
 We’ve just completed our expansion! Our academy is now 2,400 sq. ft., we offer nearly 2,000 sq. ft. of premium mat space, private locker rooms for both men and women, stadium seating for our visitors and shower facilities which are perfect for our 5:30 a.m. classes. We pride ourselves in the cleanliness of our school. The mats are disinfected everyday – no exceptions.

 More about us

 VISITING STUDENTS

 You are welcome to come and have a free trial class. Please come 20 min. before class begins and we’ll lend you the supplies you will need for class. If you are 17 years or younger, you will need your parent to accompany you.

 More details

 FIGHTING FOUNDATIONS ™️ - F27™️

 Fighting Foundation™ is a 27 Lesson System includes over 100 techniques that could literally save your life in a real street confrontation. Our teaching method is an adaptation of Grand Master Hélio Gracie’s private class curriculum to be used in a group setting. Under the strict guidance of Professor Pedro Valente, we follow the F27™ program in order to allow students to learn Grand Master Hélio’s system. Frequent practice is essential if efficiency is to be gained in the Fighting Foundations™ class. The key to learning Jiu-Jitsu is repetition. The ultimate goal is to condition your subconscious with Jiu-Jitsu techniques so that you can automatically react in a critical situation.

 More details

 KID PROGRAM

 Our goal is to build rock solid kids. Our students may begin at age 5 and we focus on the physical, emotional and mental well-being as well as the education of our children. Our young students develop confidence, discipline, courage, responsibility, and leadership among other essential values.

 More details

 JUNIOR PROGRAM

 This program will follow the same self-defense curriculum as our adult’s jiu-jitsu class including grappling, throwing, striking & clinching techniques and sparring. This will also be a chance for our older kid’s ages 11 to 15 to spar with stronger, quicker and more aggressive opponents.

 More details

 PRIVATE CLASSES

 The fastest and most efficient way to take full advantage of Jiu-Jitsu techniques and all its intricacies and details is by taking private lessons. Grand Master Hélio Gracie personally designed a curriculum that enables any individual to become physically independent in only 36 lessons.

 During private lessons you will learn a number of techniques against all types of street aggressions including bare hand, club, knife and gun attacks.

 More details

 ### JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
 SUBSCRIBE BELOW FOR OUR NEWLETTERS

 ### Contact Us Name:
 Email:

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 WOMEN'S SELF-DEFENSE SEMINAR
 (Open to EVERYONE ages 11 and up!)
 Saturday, April 25th
 12:15 p.m. - 1:45 p.m.
 EARLY BIRD SPECIAL: $45 pp / $55 pp on the day of!

 Our women's self-defense program was specifically designed to prepare females for real life-threatening situations. Our techniques provide the knowledge and skills for any women to escape from her attacker, whether she is on her feet or on the ground. The course is unique because it does not rely exclusively on punching and kicking, as do many other forms of martial arts. In addition to empowering women through the most effective self-defense techniques, the regular practice of jiu-jitsu represents one of the most competent forms of exercise. Students quickly notice an increase in flexibility, muscle strength, endurance and general well-being. SIGN UP NOW!

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 #### USEFUL LINKS

 #### CONTACT INFO
 By Appointment

 Cantu’s Texas Jiu-Jitsu
 Self-Defense Academy
 8674 Highway 6 N.
 Houston, TX 77095

 cantutexasbjj@gmail.com

 (832) 642-2313

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Cantu's Jiu-Jitsu

 Share by:
