---
source_url: http://asburyparkjj.com/classes/jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.asburyparkjj.com/classes/jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:55.394Z
---

## Jiu Jitsu #### Instructors: Kevin Roddy
 Ian Clark
 Andrew Vuocolo

 Return Home
 ## CLass Details #### Instructors: Kevin Roddy
 Ian Clark
 Andrew Vuocolo

 Jiu Jitsu is a soft martial art and translates to "the gentle art."
 Jiu Jitsu focuses on grappling and ground fighting.
 The aim of jiu jitsu is to use leverage, joint locks, and chokeholds to control an opponent, while avoiding punches and kicks.
 As it does not involve striking, jiu jitsu is considered a "soft" martial art that can be used by smaller individuals to defend themselves against bigger attackers.
 Jiu Jitsu teaches students how to use their opponent's energy against them in order to gain an advantage, rather than relying on physical strength or size.
 Check out our women's and kid's jiu jitsu classes as well.

 View Class Schedule

 ### CLASSES FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITIES CLAIM YOUR FREE PASS

 ## Frequently Asked Questions What's the best way to get started?

 Do you allow drop-ins?

 Do I have to wear a rashguard under my Gi?

 Do you offer private lessons?

 Is there a contract?

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 MMA KICKBOXING Jiu Jitsu Kids CLASSES PERSONAL TRAINING TEAM BUILDING
 SCHEDULE Gym EtiquETTE FAQ HISTORY InstalLaTions FREE intro PASS
 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS CONTACT

 Copyright © 2025 | Asbury Park Jiu Jitsu
