---
source_url: http://asburyparkjj.com/classes/kids-classes
final_url: https://www.asburyparkjj.com/classes/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:55.950Z
---

## Kids Jiu Jitsu #### Instructors: Jeff Eisenberg

 Return Home
 ## CLass Details #### Instructors: Jeff Eisenberg

 Early exposure to jiu jitsu will help children learn bodily awareness, focus, discipline, control and the importance of physical exercise.
 Jiu Jitsu or the “gentle art” will have a great positive impact on a child’s development.
 At Asbury Park Jiu Jitsu, children will learn actual grappling techniques, not just playing games on the mat.
 This helps to establish the groundwork for self-defense and anti-bullying, while still making friends and having fun.
 Our children’s instructor, Jeff, yields over 30 years of experience in martial arts instruction and works in crisis intervention at a school for children facing emotional and psychiatric challenges.
 Jeff, one of our greatest assets, is highly qualified and an overall stellar individual.

 View Class Schedule

 ### CLASSES FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITIES CLAIM YOUR FREE PASS

 ## Frequently Asked Questions What's the best way to get started?

 Do you allow drop-ins?

 Do I have to wear a rashguard under my Gi?

 Do you offer private lessons?

 Is there a contract?

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 MMA KICKBOXING Jiu Jitsu Kids CLASSES PERSONAL TRAINING TEAM BUILDING
 SCHEDULE Gym EtiquETTE FAQ HISTORY InstalLaTions FREE intro PASS
 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS CONTACT

 Copyright © 2025 | Asbury Park Jiu Jitsu
