---
source_url: http://asburyparkjj.com/classes/personal-training
final_url: https://www.asburyparkjj.com/classes/personal-training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:56.594Z
---

## Personal Training #### Instructors: Ian Clark
 Andrew Vuocolo

 Return Home
 ## CLass Details #### Instructors: Ian Clark
 Andrew Vuocolo

 A personal trainer can help you reach your fitness goals faster and more efficiently than if you were to go it alone.
 With the knowledge, guidance, and motivation a personal trainer provides, you can benefit from a tailored exercise plan designed specifically for your needs, as well as improved accountability to ensure that you are staying on track.
 Having someone who is accountable for keeping you motivated and pushing you through tough workouts can make all the difference in achieving your goals.
 With their expertise in nutrition and fitness, a personal trainer can provide personalized advice to help you reach your desired results.
 ‍

 View Class Schedule

 ### CLASSES FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITIES CLAIM YOUR FREE PASS

 ## Frequently Asked Questions What's the best way to get started?

 Do you allow drop-ins?

 Do I have to wear a rashguard under my Gi?

 Do you offer private lessons?

 Is there a contract?

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 MMA KICKBOXING Jiu Jitsu Kids CLASSES PERSONAL TRAINING TEAM BUILDING
 SCHEDULE Gym EtiquETTE FAQ HISTORY InstalLaTions FREE intro PASS
 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS CONTACT

 Copyright © 2025 | Asbury Park Jiu Jitsu
