---
source_url: http://asburyparkjj.com/post/the-benefits-of-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.asburyparkjj.com/post/the-benefits-of-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:56.977Z
---

February 20, 2023
 # The Benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Return Home The Benefits of Brazilian Jiu JitsuFebruary 20, 2023Watch
 5 Techniques for Effective SparringMarch 28, 2023Watch
 The Best Takedown for BJJFebruary 15, 2023Watch

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, also known as BJJ, is a ground fighting style that focuses on grappling and submissions. It involves taking your opponent to the ground and using leverage and technique to control and submit them. It's a highly technical martial art that requires a lot of practice and dedication, but the benefits it can provide are numerous.
 Here are some of the benefits of practicing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu:
 - Self-defense: BJJ is one of the most effective martial arts for self-defense. It teaches you how to defend yourself against a larger, stronger opponent by using leverage and technique. It also teaches you how to stay calm under pressure and make quick decisions in stressful situations. - Fitness: BJJ is a great way to get in shape. It's a full-body workout that can improve your cardio, strength, and flexibility. It also helps to build endurance and improve your overall health. - Confidence: BJJ can help to build confidence and self-esteem. As you learn and practice new techniques, you'll gain a sense of accomplishment and self-worth. It can also help to develop mental toughness and resilience. - Stress relief: BJJ can be a great way to relieve stress and anxiety. It provides a way to channel your energy and focus on something positive. It can also help to reduce feelings of anger and frustration. - Competition: For those who are interested, BJJ can be a way to compete in tournaments and test your skills against others. It can be a great way to set goals and work towards achieving them.
 In addition to these benefits, BJJ is also a great way to meet new people and become part of a community. Many BJJ gyms and schools offer a supportive and inclusive environment where you can make new friends and build relationships.
 If you're interested in trying Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, it's important to find a reputable gym or school with qualified instructors. You should also be prepared to commit to regular training and practice, as it can take time to develop the skills and technique needed to excel in this martial art.
 Whether you're a beginner or an experienced practitioner, BJJ can be a rewarding and challenging pursuit.
 ‍

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 MMA Muay ThaI Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BOXING Kids CLASSES PERSONAL TRAINING
 SCHEDULE Gym EtiquETTE FAQ HISTORY InstalLaTions FREE PASS
 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS CONTACT

 Copyright © 2025 | Asbury Park Jiu Jitsu
