---
source_url: http://wyofaction.com/kids-classes
final_url: http://wyofaction.com/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:11.967Z
---

# Wyo Faction

 # Wyo Faction Brazilian Jiu Jitsu / Mixed Martial Arts

 # Kids Classes

 # Wyo Faction

 How Will Jiu Jitsu Benefit My Child?

 Absolutely! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches children that a conflict can be resolved without physical confrontation, but it also gives them the confidence to know that if a situation escalates that they can resolve and control the situation with the least amount of force possible and without having to resort to striking their attacker. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes are designed to keep your child engaged in training and to ensure that they leave class in a positive state of mind. We teach all of our students that Jiu Jitsu is the "anti-bully" martial art, but this is especially emphasized with our younger students. By training Jiu Jitsu regularly, your child will learn how to overcome difficult obstacles by never quitting, they will develop the confidence and courage to engage in awkward and uncomfortable situation rather than be pressured into something they don't want to do, and they will develop the character to make good life decisions. Jiu Jitsu is also a great way to entice your child into being physically active. They'll be having so much fun that they won't even know that they're developing their strength, balance, coordination and flexibility!

 Kids BJJ/Judo
 Our Kids BJJ/Judo classes are designed for students ages 4-8 years old. These classes are held three times per week on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays 5pm-5:50pm. We begin with a group warm-up, and then we teach the techniques and concepts of our martial arts through the use of “games” that simulate real situations that the student could find themselves in.

 Junior Grapplers
 Our Junior Grapplers classes are for students ages 8-13 years old. After a brief warm-up, the students are taught a wide variety of techniques that apply to both sport/competetive aspects as well as self defense. We offer two sessions on Tuesdays and Thursdays (11am-12pm and 5pm-6pm) in which the focus is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, as well as a Saturday session (10am-11am) that is focused on Judo.

 ### Wyo Faction Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a highly effective martial art for men, women, and children. It relies on leverage, timing and proper technique to overcome larger, stronger and more aggressive opponents.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a sophisticated grappling system which includes throws, holds, takedowns and submissions. It can be practiced recreationally or competitively, at all ages.

 Wyo Faction LLC, 2023
