---
source_url: http://wyofaction.com
final_url: http://wyofaction.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:12.046Z
---

# Wyo Faction

 # Wyo Faction Brazilian Jiu Jitsu / Mixed Martial Arts

 # WYO FACTION Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a highly effective martial art for men, women, and children. It relies on leverage, timing and proper technique to overcome larger, stronger and more aggressive opponents.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a sophisticated grappling system which includes throws, holds, takedowns and submissions. It can be practiced recreationally or competitively, at all ages.

 # Wyo Faction

 # Precise Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Instruction, Mixed Martial Arts Training and Yoga Classes in Rock Springs, WY

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art that is much more than just a martial art. Those who train adopt it's principles into almost every aspect of their everyday lives. It teaches us self control, discipline, gives us confidence and humility. We know that we can deal with any situation that we're presented with, but we choose to take the gentlest route possible. Jiu Jitsu practitioners don't have to prove anything outside the academy because they've already proven their fortitude on the mat. If you would like to embody these principles yourself, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu might be the perfect vehicle for you to achieve your goals.
 ## Come in and try your first week free!

 ## High Level Competition

 View fullsize

 Our team members consistently place well when competing in tournaments. Having training partners with this level of skill and dedication will help to develop your skills along side theirs.

 ## Become a Part of the Team

 More than just learning how to defend ourselves, we become an extended family of sorts. Our team is always welcoming of new people and we strive to make sure that everyone feels like they are a valued member of the team.

 ## Fun for All Ages

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu isn't just for adults, kids enjoy training too! As early as age 5, kids are able to join in the fun during the Kids Classes.

 Wyo Faction LLC, 2023
