---
source_url: https://gentlemen-jiujitsu.com
final_url: https://gentlemen-jiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:02.369Z
---

# Welcome to Gentlemen Jiu-Jitsu Welcome to Gentlemen Jiu-Jitsu Welcome to Gentlemen Jiu-Jitsu Welcome to Gentlemen Jiu-Jitsu

 Delaware's premier martial arts gym.

 Join Now
 Learn More

 ## About Gentlemen's Jiu-Jitsu & Muay Thai #### Our History #### Our Instructors #### Our Instructors
 Founded in 2023 by Earl Trouble Small, a seasoned practitioner with a journey rooted in many disciplines. In 2007 Earl's BJJ odyssey began at the age of 11 at 302BJJ, evolving over the years into not just a dedicated student, but a committed instructor for over 15 years.

 (2nd degree BJJ Black belt, AOW Middlewight Champ, 2008 No-gi Pan A

 Show More
 Founded in 2023 by Earl Trouble Small, a seasoned practitioner with a journey rooted in many disciplines. In 2007 Earl's BJJ odyssey began at the age of 11 at 302BJJ, evolving over the years into not just a dedicated student, but a committed instructor for over 15 years.

 (2nd degree BJJ Black belt, AOW Middlewight Champ, 2008 No-gi Pan American Champion, 2021 GreatMats Instructor of the year, My MMA News 2018 Fighter Of The Year)

 Show Less

 #### Our Instructors #### Our Instructors #### Our Instructors
 Gentlemen's BJJ was founded alongside.
 Tim Williams (UFC Veteran, 2x TUF Vet, Former CFFC Middleweight champ, SJA Hall of Fame, 3rd Degree BJJ Blackbelt, Black Pradjit Muay-Thai Instructor)
 -
 Ed Hall (Certified Personal Trainer, All-American Wrestler, Owner of Hall Of Fame Fitness, 2x PIAA Southeast Qualifier, 2x Section V finalist, 2x Ju

 Show More
 Gentlemen's BJJ was founded alongside.
 Tim Williams (UFC Veteran, 2x TUF Vet, Former CFFC Middleweight champ, SJA Hall of Fame, 3rd Degree BJJ Blackbelt, Black Pradjit Muay-Thai Instructor)
 -
 Ed Hall (Certified Personal Trainer, All-American Wrestler, Owner of Hall Of Fame Fitness, 2x PIAA Southeast Qualifier, 2x Section V finalist, 2x Junior Olympic Team Member, Silver Medalist Junior Olympics in IOWA, AAU/PAWF Greco & Freestyle State Placer, 10+ Interboro HS Wrestling Coach)
 -
 Brandon Davis (Former Stellar Fight Flyweight Champ, CFFC Veteran, 2x Delaware State Runner Up, 2x Fargo Freestyle All-American, Junior Dual Freestyle All American, 155-38 HS record, 2022 Delaware Assistant Coach Of The Year, BJJ Brown Belt)
 -
 Gabby Valdez (Personal Trainer, PFP Super-Lightweight Champ, 247FC Bantamweight Champ, BJJ Purple Belt)

 Join Gentlemen's BJJ for a diverse range of programs catering to all ages, skill levels, and fitness backgrounds. Experience self-discovery, fitness, and martial arts excellence with us!

 Show Less

 #### Our Programs #### Our Instructors #### Our Programs
 - Jiu-Jitsu:Master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques for all skill levels. - Muay Thai:Learn the art of striking with Muay Thai's powerful techniques. - Kids BJJ:Build confidence and skills with our fun Kids BJJ classes. - Kids MMA:Introduce your child to a mix of martial arts disciplines. - MMA (Mixed Martial Arts):Train in striking, grappling, and submi

 Show More
 - Jiu-Jitsu:Master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques for all skill levels. - Muay Thai:Learn the art of striking with Muay Thai's powerful techniques. - Kids BJJ:Build confidence and skills with our fun Kids BJJ classes. - Kids MMA:Introduce your child to a mix of martial arts disciplines. - MMA (Mixed Martial Arts):Train in striking, grappling, and submissions for a well-rounded approach. - Yoga:Enhance flexibility, balance, and focus through our yoga classes. - Wrestling:Perfect takedowns, control, and ground dominance in wrestling. - Women's Only Classes:Empower yourself in a supportive environment with tailored classes.

 Show Less

 ## How to Join + schedule #### TRY ALL OF OUR CLASSES Come and try out any of our classes at no cost! Simply drop by our gym at any class time, and our experienced instructors will be more than happy to assist you in getting started.

 Ready to take the first step towards your fitness goals? Contact @ 302-543-2291 or through any of our social media channels to learn more about our class schedule and how you can get involved.

 At Gentlemen's MMA, we're dedicated to helping you unleash your potential, both inside and outside the ring. Join us today and let's start this journey together!

 ## Discover Gentlemen's Jiu-Jitsu Through Our Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Social

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
