---
source_url: https://granitestatebjj.com
final_url: https://granitestatebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:32.967Z
---

# TRY A CLASS TODAY! TRY A CLASS TODAY! TRY A CLASS TODAY! TRY A CLASS TODAY!

 Family friendly championship quality training!

 Find a Class

 ## Schedule
 BJJ Updated schedule 2026 (pdf)
 Download

 ## About Us #### Meet Coach Bryan Coach Bryan is a dedicated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt under the renowned Travis Stevens. With years of high level training and competition experience, he brings world-class instruction to Granite State BJJ in North Hampton, NH.
 Most recently, Bryan won gold in his division at the IBJJF New York Spring Open, proving his skills on one of the biggest stages in the sport.
 He has had the opportunity to train directly with legends from the Gracie family as well as top practitioners like Neiman Gracie, Igor Gracie, Rolles Gracie, Renzo Gracie, Roger Gracie, and many more.
 This elite lineage and hands-on experience allow him to teach proven techniques with real-world insight.
 Coach Bryan is passionate about creating a welcoming, ego-free environment where everyone from complete beginners to advanced competitors can grow, stay healthy, and have fun. Whether you're looking for self-defense, fitness, competition prep. or family friendly classes for kids and adults, his teaching style emphasizes technique, respect, patience, and steady progress.
 Many students say his clear explanations and positive energy make complex moves feel achievable. He's committed to helping every member reach their goals, whether that's earning a new belt, getting in shape, or just building confidence.
 Try a free class today!

 #### Safe and Clean Environment Located on Rt. 1 in North Hampton NH . We have a friendly atmosphere with no egos allowed. We have top of the line Fuji mats that are cleaned and sanitized after every class.

 #### Our Philosophy We strive to have a family friendly environment that everyone can stay healthy and still have the highest level training. bjj brazilian jiu jitsu martial arts

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Social

 ## Contact Us

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Granite State BJJ 10 Lafayette Rd, North Hampton, New Hampshire 03862, United States
 (603) 583-2789 bryan@granitestatebjj.com

 Try a free class #### Try a free class Name

 Email*

 Phone

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get directions
