---
source_url: https://www.ngmke.com/programs/adults-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.ngmke.com/programs/adults-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:28.612Z
---

## Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ##
 #### The Benefits Of BJJ Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an intense, aerobic and anaerobic workout that helps your fitness and health improve. It is a different workout to develop body coordination as well as personal awareness and self defense. The benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu goes above and beyond any other martial art due to its adaptability in the skills and techniques that you learn to take down any opponent of any size.
 #### Self Defense BJJ at Neutral Ground Academy in Milwaukee puts you in an atmosphere where you can succeed with any sized opponent, gain self-esteem and confidence in your skills, and learn to never give up and raise your endurance. We will give you the skills you need to feel confident in redirection and assertiveness in any threatening situation. Our members at Neutral Ground Academy are taught how to assess and de-escalate situations without needing to physically use their skills.

 ##
 #### Fitness Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a total body workout because it involves a lot of explosive throws, speed, agility, and ground grappling. At Neutral Ground Academy, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body. In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost stamina and endurance. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a high-energy training class from start to finish that is fun and engaging for any student.
 #### Weight Loss Obesity is a serious problem in the United States, so a brand new workout to your routine will greatly help. At Neutral Ground Academy, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body, so introducing yourself to martial arts is a great way to combat obesity and promote weight loss. In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost flexibility. BJJ is a high-energy training class that is great for overall health and/or weight loss.

 ##
 #### Confidence Building/Good Example Neutral Ground Academy is dedicated to empowering you with the confidence and self-esteem needed to get yourself out of a dangerous situation. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can bring out the positive qualities that have always been a part of you, whether that is inner calm, positive mental attitude, patience, or self-discipline. BJJ will help you overcome fear, anger and self-doubt. By empowering your body and mind with the skills to defend yourself and hold your own, all of our students are able to face their fears and walk a little taller and more confident after every class.
 #### Variety Workouts/Stress Relief BJJ helps build mental toughness, teaches the value of hard work, and gives you the persistence you need in everyday life. Many members at Neutral Ground Academy have said that BJJ is also a great stress-relief from school or work because it helps take their mind off problems they are facing so they can focus all their strength and thoughts into grappling on the mats. It is a workout where you have to use your intelligence to problem solve and figure out how to get out from your opponent’s hold on you. By engaging your brain during class, BJJ can help provide a completely different workout that you won’t find anywhere else.

 ##
 #### Community In BJJ you need to have a training partner to practice with, so you spend a lot of time with the other students in your class. By creating a bond of trust and reciprocation, you and your grappling partner can then practice various techniques on each other and see what works or doesn’t work. This martial art cannot be learned based solely on the use of paddles or punching bags. Members at Neutral Ground Academy have become close friends and help each other refine their skills and reach their goals.

 ## Free Trial Offer! Join Today To Get A Free Trial Class In The Program Of Your Choosing!
 By Appointment Only.

 Special Offers

 ## Contact Us Today!

 ##### Neutral Ground Eastside
 (715) 303-8099
 932 E Pleasant St, Milwaukee, WI 53202
 ##### Neutral Ground Bayview
 (715) 303-8099
 1200 E Oklahoma Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53207
 Contact us to get started on your martial arts journey today!

 Please select a location: Neutral Ground Eastside Neutral Ground Bayview
