---
source_url: https://www.ngmke.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.ngmke.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:29.254Z
---

## KIDS BRAZILIAN JIUJITSU

 ##
 #### The Benefits Of BJJ Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an intense, aerobic and anaerobic workout that helps any child’s fitness and health improve. It is a fun exercise for children to develop body coordination as well as personal development and growth. The benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu goes above and beyond any other martial art due to its adaptability in the skills and techniques that a child learns to takedown an opponent.
 #### Improved Focus Training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu takes many people out of their comfort zones because it is based solely on avoiding kicking and punching and little violence. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu uses a variety of joint locks, chokes, holds and throws instead of the basic punches and kicks. Many children have to focus for extended periods of time since they are training against a resisting partner instead of a paddle or bag. This helps with a child’s thinking process, problem solving skills, coordination, and physical awareness. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu also helps students at Neutral ground Academy learn self-discipline, respect, and focus. Many parents at Neutral ground Academy in Milwauekee see an improvement in their child’s increased attention span and focus in school.

 ##
 #### Boosts Self Confidence Neutral ground Academy is dedicated to empowering you or your child with the confidence and self-esteem needed to succeed in everyday life. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can bring out the positive qualities that have always been a part of you or your child, whether that is inner calm, positive mental attitude, patience, or self-discipline. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will help you overcome obstacles, anger and self-doubt, and leave you feeling confident in any situation.
 #### Weight Loss Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a total body workout because it involves your entire body to to protect yourself against another person trying to take you down. At Neutral ground Academy, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body. Child-obesity is a serious problem in the United States, so introducing your child to martial arts is a great way to combat that. In Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost stamina. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a high-energy training class that is great for overall health and weight loss.

 ##
 #### Positive Social Interaction Many parents also choose to enroll their children in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu because it is a great opportunity to make friends. In BJJ you need to have a training partner to practice with, so you spend a lot of time with that person. You can’t learn BJJ by yourself and cannot learn the martial art by using paddles or punching bags. You need someone to grapple with and create a bond of trust and reciprocation. You and your partner will motivate and push each other so you know if the new joint lock or throw you learned actually works on an opponent. Members at Neutral ground Academy have become close friends and help each other refine their skills and reach their goals.
 #### Engaging and Fun Learning Jiu Jitsu at Neutral ground Academy will benefit you and your child immensely. BJJ helps build mental toughness, teaches the value of hard work, and gives you the persistence you need in everyday life. Many members at Neutral ground Academy have said that BJJ is also a great stress-relief from school or work because it helps take their mind off problems they are facing so they can focus all their strength and thoughts on grappling on the mats.
 #### Anti-Bullying Education Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Neutral ground Academy in Milwaukee is also a great way to help your child with developmental life-skills. It puts them in an atmosphere where they overcome obstacles, gains self-esteem, can succeed, and learn to never give up. Bullying in schools has become an ever-increasing problem, so giving your child the skills they need to feel confident in redirection and assertiveness. Our students at Neutral ground Academy are taught how to redirect verbal assaults and assess situations without needing to physically use their skills.

 ## Kid's BJJ Gallery

 ## Free Trial Offer! Join Today To Get A Free Trial Class In The Program Of Your Choosing!
 By Appointment Only.

 Special Offers

 ## Contact Us Today!

 ##### Neutral Ground Eastside
 (715) 303-8099
 932 E Pleasant St, Milwaukee, WI 53202
 ##### Neutral Ground Bayview
 (715) 303-8099
 1200 E Oklahoma Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53207
 Contact us to get started on your martial arts journey today!

 Please select a location: Neutral Ground Eastside Neutral Ground Bayview
