---
source_url: https://www.ngmke.com
final_url: https://www.ngmke.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:30.627Z
---

# Neutral Ground Academy ## Martial Arts Training in Milwaukee Contact Us Today

 #### The Benefits of Our ## Martial Arts Training
 Open since 2005, Neutral Ground Academy believes in a “safety first” approach to the martial arts in a laid-back and playful environment that nurtures learning and camaraderie. We look after each other, building up the newbie from their first day onward. With our eclectic mix of instructors and training partners, we’re proud to share our mats with all walks of life, and our diversity contributes greatly to our individual and group mastery of the arts.
 We look forward to guiding your journey of study along the martial way.

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu Our kid’s program is a grappling based self-defense system. Safety, fun, character building, and technical development is our focus, in that order.

 ## Adults Jiu Jitsu Neutral Ground’s Brazilian Jiujitsu is a technically aggressive style, utilizing technique over strength, explosion, flexibility or stature.

 ## NEW Women's-only BJJ class! Sundays 9am at the Bayview location

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Self-Defense BJJ is one of the most effective forms of self-defense training, providing power to smaller individuals and creating a unique way to protect yourself without harming your opponent. Come see what all the hype is about!

 ##### Boosts Self Confidence Between the distractions of social media and the demands of school and work, modern life can take a toll on one’s self confidence. By taking care of your health – both physical and mental – you’ll feel great about yourself!

 ##### Community No other sport has a community like that of martial arts. Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, beautiful training space, and dedicated students, you’ll sense the community of Neutral Ground Academy the moment you walk through our doors.

 #####

 ## Keep Up With Our Blog
 ### Chaos to Order Order to Chaos Chaos to Order Order to Chaos In the beginning we work to bring order to all the unknowns, the seemingly…

 Read More

 ### Stone Soup Stone Soup The classic story of the desperate soul wandering into a village in search of food. Hut to hut…

 Read More

 ### Hoplites and the Phalanx When the hoplite foot soldiers of the phalanx went into the battle they were equipped with similar spears and blades…

 Read More

 ## Gallery

 ## Testimonials

 You won’t regret it.

 Laura G. , Google

 Excellent instructors and a welcoming community! Highly recommend Neutral Ground’s classes.

 Colin O'Connor , Google

 Everyone is very welcoming and there is great sportsmanship, comaradary throughout. I've only taken 3 classes and I'm already hooked!

 Gianna Marton , Google

 Great atmosphere and everyone is patient and considerate with beginners.

 Zachart Johnson , Google

 Great environment to learn! I was intimidated joining as a beginner, but everybody has been very welcoming and eager to learn and teach. Join now and save yourself the regret later

 Kameron Simpkin , Google

 I started at Neutral Ground a few months ago and it’s been great! Lots of class options and everyone is really friendly.

 M Stephenson , Google

 The training is patient, deliberate, and intentional. The rolling partners are respectful of varying skill levels. It's my home away from home!

 Dustin Jackson , Google

 I have been training at this location for about 8 years and for me the culture of the businesses makes jiujitsu easy to learn and reminds me to trust in your teammates.

 Irma Doering , Google

 Solid instruction and Professor Friedland has be an excellent resource for the art and the staff are very helpful. I give 414 Legit salute Neutral ground for giving me a home.

 Parvis Hojati , Google

 ### Contact Us Today We are ready to start the journey with you. Come check us out!
 Neutral Ground Academy of Milwaukee will positively change you, your child, or both! Are you ready to take the next step towards a healthier, confident, dedicated life?

 Please select a location: Neutral Ground Eastside Neutral Ground Bayview (715) 303-8099
 932 E Pleasant St, Milwaukee, WI 53202
 Get Directions
 (715) 303-8099
 1200 E Oklahoma Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53207
 Get Directions

 ### Neutral Ground Eastside 932 E Pleasant St, Milwaukee, WI 53202
 Get Directions

 ### Neutral Ground Bayview 1200 E Oklahoma Ave, Milwaukee, WI 53207
 Get Directions

 ## Neutral Ground News & Events
 ### Chaos to Order Order to Chaos Chaos to Order Order to Chaos In the beginning we work to bring order to all the unknowns, the seemingly…

 Read More

 ### Stone Soup Stone Soup The classic story of the desperate soul wandering into a village in search of food. Hut to hut…

 Read More

 ### Hoplites and the Phalanx When the hoplite foot soldiers of the phalanx went into the battle they were equipped with similar spears and blades…

 Read More
