---
source_url: https://extremetraining.com.cy/?gclid=CjwKCAiAr4GgBhBFEiwAgwORrSIICPVthdx_DnyJOHnuSPwhLydZ6-_D8W570Yc4-EVBkT4vJEl7dRoCuEIQAvD_BwE
final_url: https://extremetraining.com.cy/?gclid=CjwKCAiAr4GgBhBFEiwAgwORrSIICPVthdx_DnyJOHnuSPwhLydZ6-_D8W570Yc4-EVBkT4vJEl7dRoCuEIQAvD_BwE
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:40.012Z
---

## CHANGE YOUR LIFE ### To reach a destination you need to understand the starting point Extreme Training Center is not a typical gym. We are not in the business of renting gym space. We’re here to help you reach your personal fitness goals. Improving your fitness with correct guidance, simplicity and honesty, we deliver targets through engaging adapted training sessions, in a safe environment designed for effective results. Extreme Training Centre is one of the few gyms in Cyprus, fully licensed by the Cypriot Sports Organisation (Κ.Ο.Α) following, strictly, all safety regulations, including having on site staff trained and certified in First Aid and the use of a defibrillator.

 ## PROUDLY TRAINING CHAMPIONS ### PERSONALIZATION Whether you are a man, woman, elder, beginner, or experienced athlete, your training programme is individually adapted to your needs and personal goals. We’ll track every session so we can make sure your next workout is better than your last.

 ### EXPERTISE Performance based workouts designed to change your life fast and effectively. We track everything, because for us, it’s the best way ensure you get consistent results. We do all the data input so you can focus on achieving the most from your training.

 ### EXPERIENCE We pride ourselves on the high standard of our facilities, equipment and coaching expertise. We use a combination of the most effective training methods available to get you in the best shape of your life. Inductions are about gyms. This is about you!

 ## STAY MOTIVATED ### Intelligent, inspiring and led by the best instructors, we offer a select range of classes that make your fitness our business. Thoroughly enjoyed.
 ### CLASSES

 - Brazilian Jiu jitsu Brazilian jiu-jitsu was initially developed in 1925 by Brazilian brothers Carlos, Oswaldo, ... - MMA Open Mat Taking moves from many different fighting forms, including Boxing, Taekwondo, Brazilian Ji ... - Cross training – Endurance CrossFit workouts are based on functional movements, and these movements reflect the best ... - Cross training- Strength CrossFit workouts are based on functional movements, and these movements reflect the best ... - Cross training – Aerobic CrossFit workouts are based on functional movements, and these movements reflect the best ... - AdaptFit Flex The ability to offer adapted conditioning training, stems from our academic and profession ...

 ## REPUTATION. CHARISMA. DRIVE ### He takes no prisoners and is the person you love to hate. Meet our Head Coach! ### Andreas Aristeidou ##### MANAGER – HEAD COACH - MSc Physical Education & General Conditioning - MSc Adapted Conditioning - Black Belt International Instructor Taekwondo ITF III Dan - European Taekwondo Champion (Bronze) - Member of the Cyprus Federation of Mixed Martial Arts

 We’ve got your workout covered
 GET YOUR MEMBERSHIP
