---
source_url: https://kokuamafa.com/schedule/
final_url: https://kokuamafa.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:31.766Z
---

#### About Our ## Class Schedule
 ##### Discover Everything You Need to Know About Our Class Schedule – Times, dates, and locations at your fingertips. At Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy, we offer a diverse selection of Kajukenbo classes throughout the week for both youth and adults. Our programs cater to students of all ages and skill levels, from those just starting their martial arts journey to advanced practitioners honing their techniques. Each session is designed to challenge you both physically and mentally, while focusing on personal growth and practical self-defense skills.
 Our experienced instructors are deeply passionate about teaching Kajukenbo, a unique blend of Karate, Judo, Jiu Jitsu, Kenpo, and Boxing. Whether your goal is fitness, stress relief, or learning real-world self-defense, we are here to guide you every step of the way. We encourage you to join us and experience the benefits of martial arts training in a supportive, community-focused environment.
 Please be aware that class times may occasionally change due to holidays, events, or updates to our schedule. We recommend checking back regularly for any adjustments. If you have any questions about our class schedule or the programs we offer, feel free to reach out. We’re happy to provide more information and help you find the perfect class for your needs.
 We look forward to seeing you on the mat!

 ## 2 Week Free Trial! Experience the power of Kajukenbo with no strings attached. Our free 2-week trial lets you and your family explore our self-defense programs with zero commitment!

 Join Now!
 ##### Start Your Martial Arts Journey with a FREE 2-Week Trial! ×

 #### Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy ## Get Started Today

 (925) 223-8519
 info@kokuamafa.com
 7063 Commerce Cir Suites I & J, Pleasanton, CA 94588
 Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy calls Pleasanton home but welcomes those interested in the following areas: Dublin, San Ramon, Livermore and Danville. We are located near highways I-580 and I-680 and next to Costco!
