---
source_url: https://kokuamafa.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
final_url: https://kokuamafa.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:32.755Z
---

# Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy #### “Building a better community one step at a time” Get Started Today For Free!
 Pause Video

 ##### Start Your Martial Arts Journey with a FREE 2-Week Trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ## Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy
 Welcome to Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy in Pleasanton, California! Founder Esther Molina imparts students with her knowledge of Kajukenbo (Ka-Karate, Ju-Judo/Jiu Jitsu, Ken-Kempo, Bo-Boxing) passed down from its Hawaiian roots. Kokua Martial Arts provides a family atmosphere geared toward self-defense techniques for real-world application. The culture thrives because students are taught in a fun school environment. Kids classes simultaneously focus on learning life lessons about hard work and discipline. We also guide adult students toward their goals of exercise, weight-loss, and stress relief. Join Kokua Martial Arts for an instrumental and unforgettable experience!

 ## 2 Week Free Trial! Experience the power of Kajukenbo with no strings attached. Our free 2-week trial lets you and your family explore our self-defense programs with zero commitment!

 Join Now!
 ##### Start Your Martial Arts Journey with a FREE 2-Week Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 ##
 #### About Us: Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy expands beyond Kajukenbo martial arts techniques. With our “Mat Chats”, we provide a space to talk with students about life lessons, helping parents find discipline and self-confidence for their children. Our discussions may revolve around a specific subject or provide insight into how to help and carry themselves at home and away from home. We want students to walk away mentally stronger and implement what they learn into their leadership and life journeys. The hands-on Kajukenbo classes are similar, incorporating fun while requiring hard work. At Kokua Martial Arts, Kajukenbo is not just about martial arts, but it is a way of life!
 #### Our History: Founder Esther Molina’s inspiration to open Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy came from those around her. Esther heard from families she had trained, imploring her to open her own school. After additional encouragement from her instructor and family, Esther opened The Academy’s doors in 2017. Her own Martial Arts journey began in college in the 1970’s learning Taekwondo, continuing to Kajukenbo martial arts in the early 2000’s and earning a sixth Degree Black Belt in Kajukenbo under her instructor , Professor Bobby Seronio Jr.. With her experience in Kajukenbo, Esther has honed her skills to share with her students. Esther is a certified instructor under the United Kajukenbo Federation and the Kajukenbo Self-Defense Institute, continuing the teachings of the Emperado Method of Kajukenbo, also known as the “Original” method.

 ## Paid Trial: $49 for 5 Weeks! Unlock 5 weeks of unlimited classes, plus a free uniform, t-shirt, and a semi-private lesson—all for just $49! Start your journey with everything you need to succeed.

 Join Now!
 ##### 5 Weeks of Unlimited Martial Arts for Just $49! ×

 ## Meet The Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy Team
 #### Ohana, Community, Integrity

 ### Esther Molina
 Head Instructor | 6th Degree Black Belt

 ### Nels Toriano
 Instructor | 3rd Degree Black Belt

 ### Cliff Smith
 Instructor | 3rd Degree Black Belt

 ### Roy Dea
 Instructor | 3rd Degree Black Belt

 ## Membership Registration! Unlock your potential with Kokua Martial Arts! We offer programs for both kids and adults, plus flexible membership options designed to fit your needs.

 Join Now!
 ##### Register Today and Join the Kokua Family! ×

 ## Learn More About Kajukenbo
 ##### Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy offers Kajukenbo programs for both children (5-12) and adults (13+). In the Discipline of Kajukenbo, this Martial Arts style includes Karate, Judo, Jiu Jitsu, Kenpo, and Boxing lessons all incorporated into one program. Come in today for our unique lessons with a two-week free trial! We also offer a $49 trial for five weeks, including a uniform, T-shirt, and a 30 minute semi-private lesson. Our other deals include 15-20% discounts for military and essential workers and a multi-family discount with the 2nd member at 15% off, and 20% off for 3+ members! Take advantage of any of these offers for an authentic Kajukenbo experience!

 ## Kajukenbo
 ##### Kajukenbo is a hybrid martial art that combines elements of Karate, Judo, Jiu Jitsu, Kenpo, and boxing for a comprehensive self-defense system. Developed in Hawaii in the 1940s, Kajukenbo was designed to be practical and effective in real-world street fighting situations. It emphasizes fluid movement and adaptability, allowing practitioners to transition between striking, grappling, and joint locks with ease. Kajukenbo practitioners learn to defend against multiple attackers, armed assailants, and various combat scenarios. The art promotes physical conditioning and mental toughness, making it both physically challenging and empowering for students. Kajukenbo focuses on practicality, with techniques that can be quickly learned and applied in high-stress situations. The system incorporates both traditional martial arts philosophy and modern combat principles, creating a balanced approach to self-defense. Kajukenbo dojos often emphasize community and personal growth, with instructors fostering a supportive learning environment.
 - Kids (Ages 5-12) - Adults (Ages 13+)

 ## Filipino Martial Arts
 Our Filipino Martial Arts Program is a Combative Stick and Knife System rooted in Serrada Escrima’s first five strikes. These strikes are used to develop students’ movements with a stick, then a knife, and then finally, empty hands. The primary focus of this system is on the immediate mitigation of a presented threat through direct and closed quartered confrontation. The student will learn how to recognize a perceived threat, how to avoid and/or remove oneself from the threat, and if need be, how to engage in protecting oneself from the threat. The system consists of two parts; The Lessons and Application. One will first learn the Lessons and once proficient, will be shown how to apply those lessons effectively in protecting oneself. This system is for those who are seeking to learn how to better protect themselves and/or their loved ones.

 ### Contact Us Today! Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy calls Pleasanton home but welcomes those interested in the following areas: Dublin, San Ramon, Livermore and Danville. We are located near highways I-580 and I-680 and next to Costco!

 (925) 223-8519
 info@kokuamafa.com
 7063 Commerce Cir Suites I & J, Pleasanton, CA 94588
 Get Directions

 ### Kokua Martial Arts Fitness Academy 7063 Commerce Cir Suites I & J, Pleasanton, CA 94588
 Get Directions
