---
source_url: https://newlevelbjj.com/?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=My-Business
final_url: https://newlevelbjj.com/?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=My-Business
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:04.803Z
---

### Welcome to New Level Denver Your Jiu-Jitsu journey starts here.

 BOOK TRIAL CLASS

 - 720-987-7971

 - 2809 S Broadway, Englewood, CO 80113

 - newleveljiujitsu@gmail.com

 ## From kids to adults, jiu-jitsu is for everyone.

 ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu Our Adult Jiu-Jitsu classes cater to all levels, focusing on technical skill, fitness, and strategy in a supportive community setting.

 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu Fun, engaging classes focused on building discipline and confidence in a safe, nurturing environment for young learners.

 ### Women's Jiu-Jitsu Women's Jiu-Jitsu classes that blend technique, fitness, and self-defense. Join a community where women of all skill levels grow together.

 ### Homeschool Program Elevate your homeschool curriculum with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Boost your child's confidence, fitness, and social skills through our program.

 Benefits

 ### It's not just Martial Arts... BJJ Combats anxiety and stress.
 It stimulates discipline.
 Develops self-defense.
 Defines the body.
 Contributes to heart health.
 Improves physical conditioning.
 Creates social interaction.

 BOOK TRIAL CLASS

 ## Our jiu-jitsu community say it best

 “Outstanding: from the professionalism and knowledge shared by the professor’s to the camaraderie and dedication of the students; this is the place to learn BJJ in all Colorado and to enhance your technique in all levels. Recommend to anyone at any age or belt to be part of this community.”

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 ### Filipe M. High level Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 “I joined New Level Jiu-Jitsu as a complete beginner and was very out of shape. Just a few months in, my health and fitness have improved dramatically, and I walk out of every class feeling like I’ve made real progress in my jiu-jitsu. The instruction and coaching are top-notch.”

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 ### Pat L. Incredibly supportive and welcoming Jiu-Jitsu gym

 “Our 6 year old has been coming here for several months now. The Professor and other instructors are excellent. Our son is not only learning Jiu-Jitsu, but also reinforcing valuable lessons like focus, persistence, and discipline. We highly recommend New Level!”

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 ### Lee W. Great Jiu-Jitsu for kids

 “Absolutely incredible experience at this gym! Awesome instructors, not only are they highly skilled and knowledgeable at Jiu-Jitsu, but they also create an atmosphere that is welcoming and supportive. I joined the gym a few months ago as a beginner and love it, great community that is respectful and motivating.”

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 ### Eric W. Experienced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructors

 ### Book a free trial class! Before becoming our student, you'll have a free trial class. During this class, you will get to know our teaching methodology in practice and have your first contact with basic Jiu-Jitsu notions and positions.

 - Press the "BOOK TRIAL CLASS" button that appears on your screen. - You will be directed to our form and will need to fill in your details. - Our consultants will help you choose the best day and time available for your class. - After booking your lesson, you will need to come to our school on the scheduled day and time.

 ## You're welcome to join us at any available time.

 ### Monday 6:30am Jiu-Jitsu All Levels
 4:15pm Little Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 5pm Jiu-Jitsu Kids
 6:15pm Jiu-Jitsu All Levels

 ### Tuesday 10 am Homeschool Program
 12pm Jiu-Jitsu All Levels
 4:15pm Little Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 5pm Jiu-Jitsu Kids
 6:15pm Jiu-Jitsu All Levels

 ### Wednesday 6:30am Jiu-Jitsu All Levels
 5pm Jiu-Jitsu Kids
 6:15pm NO GI All Levels

 ### Thursday 10 am Homeschool Program
 12pm Jiu-Jitsu All Levels
 4:15pm Little Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 5pm Jiu-Jitsu Kids
 6:15pm Jiu-Jitsu All Levels

 ### Friday 6:30am NO GI All Levels
 6:15pm Open Mat

 ### Saturday 10am Open Mat

 FAQ

 ## People usually ask these questions

 Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 No. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Yes. Many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 How do I prepare for a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu trial class?
 Please arrive 10 minutes before class, and don’t worry: we’ll make you feel welcome from the moment you walk in. You don’t need to own a uniform for your trial class. Just wear a t-shirt underneath the one we provide. Bring a spare to change into after class since you’ll be working hard and may get sweaty! Bring a bottle of water as well. While we are barefoot on the mats, footwear is required elsewhere in the academy. Most students wear sliders or flip flops for quick and easy access to and from the mats.

 What does a typical class at New Level Jiu-Jitsu Denver looks like?
 - Class begins with a warm-up or some drills. Then the Professor will demonstrate a position or technique, and you’ll get to practice it with a partner. - You’ll be paired with a more experienced student who will help you understand the moves. Don’t hesitate to ask questions; our Professors are always happy to help! - The class ends with positional sparring, where you’ll work with a bit more resistance. It’s not a full round, and your partner will take care of you, giving you a chance to apply the techniques without full compliance.

 Facebook Instagram

 ### Contact 720-987-7971
 newleveljiujitsu@gmail.com

 ## @2024 New Level Denver

 ## In less than a second, you will just fill out the form, and receive more info about the Trial Class.

 Name
 Email
 Phone
 Modalidade Select a program Kids/ Teen Jiu Jitsu Never trained before White belt Blue belt or up

 Send

 ## By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for New Level Denver to send you periodic text messages and phone calls.
