---
source_url: https://www.aspirecsa.co.uk/mma-classes-liverpool/
final_url: https://www.aspirecsa.co.uk/mma-classes-liverpool/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:47.961Z
---

Menu

 MENU

 Menu

 ### LIVERPOOL MMA

 # MIXED MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES

 #### #BETTERNEVERSTOPS

 ## MIXED MARTIAL ARTS

 At Aspire Combat Sports Academy we deliver one of the most successful programmes in Liverpool. As the number 1 ranked amateur gym in the UK, we have spent a lot of time developing our training programmes and gym culture to be one that experienced fighters can thrive in as well as one that those just starting out can feel comfortable and competitive.
 Mixed Martial Arts or MMA as its more commonly known, is the fastest growing sport globally and crosses the boundaries that restricts many traditional martial arts, bringing elements of Boxing, Muay Thai, Wrestling and Jiu Jitsu all together into one fluent fighting system.
 The Liverpool scene has exploded in popularity over the last few years and this boom has seen an increase in those that wish to fight as an occupation as well as those that just want to train to keep fit and improve confidence. So whether you have never thrown a punch or kick in your life or are looking to take your fight career to the next level, Aspire CSA is here to help you achieve your goals and become one of many CSA fighters.

 SIGN ME UP >>

 ## key features about this class

 With students and fighters having great successes in their own careers and development, ASCA have gained a fierce reputation for our work ethic and scientific approach to all elements of our training. In fact, it is our scientific approach that is truly unique to Liverpool. With strong links to the sports departments in Liverpool John Moores University (LJMU), our students and fighters have access to facilities and knowledge unlike any other in the UK.

 - Made for any skill or experience level - Coached by professional MMA fighters - The best way into learning MMA

 SIGN ME UP >>

 ## CLASS BREAKDOWN

 Our team of experienced instructors and coaches have trained and fought at the highest levels, competing for such organisations as the UFC, Bellator, BAMMA, Cage Warriors and BFC.

 ## CLASS TIMES

 ### MONDAY 09:00 - 10:00
 11:00 - 12:00

 ### TUESDAY 09:00 - 10:00
 18:15 - 19:15
 19:30 - 20:30

 ### Wednesday 11:00 - 12:00

 ### thursday 09:00 - 10:00
 18:15 - 19:15
 19:30 - 20:30

 ### friday 18:15 - 19:15

 ## important things

 is this class for everyone?
 Our MMA classes are suitable for all ages, experience and skill levels.

 should i bring any equipment?
 Basic protective equipment such as 16oz boxing gloves, shin pads and gum shield.
 If new, starter kits can be bought from reception.

 Is It Suitable To Any Age?
 Our MMA classes are suitable for any age.

 Is There An Advanced Class
 There are several advanced MMA classes each week.

 #### About

 At Aspire Combat Sports Academy we are more than just an MMA gym, we are a community. A community built of people from all walks of life and backgrounds brought together by our love for Martial Arts and fitness.

 818 Queens Drive, Stoneycroft, Liverpool, L13 4BT

 Coach Phil:
 07538 029 782

 Email: aspirecsa@gmail.com

 Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram

 #### About

 At Aspire Combat Sports Academy we are more than just an MMA gym, we are a community. A community built of people from all walks of life and backgrounds brought together by our love for Martial Arts and fitness.

 818 Queens Drive, Stoneycroft, Liverpool, L13 4BT

 Coach Phil:
 07538 029 782

 Email: aspirecsa@gmail.com

 Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram

 ×
 Ask us a question.
