---
source_url: https://ahlertbjj.com
final_url: https://ahlertbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:41.974Z
---

Home weballiance 2025-10-01T09:38:16-04:00 # Welcome to Ahlert Jiu Jitsu Empowering Confidence and Skill in Monmouth County, NJ Welcome to Ahlert Jiu Jitsu where we are dedicated to transforming beginners into confident practitioners through expert instruction and a passion for martial arts. Located in Hazlet, NJ, we serve the Raritan Valley region and the New York Metropolitan Area. Our mission is to provide realistic self defense training that prepares you for real world situations, not just the sport of Martial Arts.
 First class is always free!

 ## Join Us Today Ready to start your journey in Jiu Jitsu? Sign up for a free class and experience our unique approach to martial arts training. Fill out the form below or call us at 732-860-8525 for more information.
 First class is always free!

 Contact Us Home top Full Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 Interested In * Interested In Weapons Defense Jiu Jitsu Muay Thai Mixed Martial Arts Combatives Wrestling Private Coaching Other
 Captcha
 Claim Your Free Class

 If you are human, leave this field blank.

 Discover the difference 30 years of passionate, detailed instruction can make. Join Ahlert Jiu Jitsu today and take the first step toward becoming a confident, skilled practitioner.

 ## Programs We Offer

 ## Why Choose Ahlert Jiu Jitsu

 #### AHLERT JIU JITSU Experience and Expertise:
 With 30+ years of experience, our lead instructor is among the most qualified in the area, having trained with top-level mentors. This extensive background and high rank set us apart from the competition, ensuring that you receive the highest level of instruction.

 #### AHLERT JIU JITSU Comprehensive Training:
 Unlike most schools that focus on a single martial art form, we blend multiple systems to create complete fighters. Our curriculum includes techniques from various martial arts and emphasizes realistic self defense, including weapons defenses.

 #### AHLERT JIU JITSU Community and Support:
 At Ahlert Jiu Jitsu, we believe in building a supportive community where every student can thrive. Whether you’re a first time beginner or looking to advance your skills, you’ll find a welcoming environment that encourages growth and confidence.

 ## Packages Available
 First class is always free!

 ## Daily Drop in Fee: $25 / Day
 ### Ask about our Private Lessons

 ## Some of Our Happy Customers
 Joe took my leglock game to the next level. His understanding and details of Jiu Jitsu is second to none and I’m super confident in the leg lock game now because of him.

 Tim

 Joe is super detail oriented. Never had an instructor that was so specific about his technique, and it 100% transfers to the mats.

 Dan

 Joe Ahlert’s got an expanding wealth of knowledge and expertise that translates into a great learning environment, making each experience great, no matter how difficult. As a middle aged beginner myself, he has helped take away the stigma that one is too old to learn something new everyday. Technically sound, meticulous, tough and yet safe.
 Let’s get it done!

 Amaury M.

 Stop in for brilliant instruction from a very dedicated professor. Joe has been in the Jiu Jitsu game since it appeared in the States, and studied under some of the most notable instructors including Jon Danaher and Renzo Gracie. As the sport has evolved, so has he, always teaching the most modern technique, and the most technical way to do it. His instruction also includes self defense in real life situations, as well as the proper way to handle weapons safely and effectively. I would highly recommend this business, for any of your self defense, or personal protection needs. Joe is a very dedicated and knowledgeable individual, and his instruction is second to none. Check him out, and you will be impressed.

 Anthony Biondi

 Professor Joe is an amazing teacher and really does a great job of catering to someone like me who is a first time student. He speaks very passionately about Jujitsu and has a wide variety of knowledge and professional experience. Highly recommend Joe’s school to anyone who desires excellent training.

 John Inauen

 View More

 ## Join Us Today Ready to start your journey in Jiu Jitsu? Sign up for a free class and experience our unique approach to martial arts training. Fill out the form below or call us at 732-860-8525 for more information.

 Contact Us Home Full Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 Interested In * Interested In Weapons Defense Jiu Jitsu Muay Thai Mixed Martial Arts Combatives Wrestling Private Coaching Other
 Captcha
 Claim Your Free Class

 If you are human, leave this field blank.

 Discover the difference 30+ years of passionate, detailed instruction can make. Join Ahlert Jiu Jitsu today and take the first step toward becoming a confident, skilled practitioner.

 ### Stay Connected
