---
source_url: http://agogejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.agogejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:38.819Z
---

IF IT DOESN'T CHALANGE YOU, IT WON'T CHANGE YOU.

 PROGRESS WAITS FOR NO ONE

 ## Join a Class Today
 We encourage anyone looking to start training to come try few classes no obligation, no charge. We believe that bettering yourself should not have to break the bank. Contact us today for more information on our membership pricing. You will not find a better return on your investment.

 #### Agoge Jiu Jitsu Weekly Class Line Up
 TUESDAY

 WEDNESDAY

 THURSDAY

 SATURDAY

 SUNDAY

 ADULTS STRIKING 5:45PM

 ADULTS BJJ 7:00PM

 LITTLE NINJAS 5:00PM

 YOUTH BJJ 5:30PM

 ADULTS STRIKING 5:45PM

 ADULTS BJJ 7:00PM

 ADULTS BJJ 6:30PM

 MUAY THAI 9:00AM
 twice monthly
 contact us for dates

 LITTLE NINJAS 1:30PM

 YOUTH BJJ 2:00PM

 OPEN GYM 3:00PM

 ## ADULT JIU-JITSU
 A MARTIAL ART THAT UTILIZES A WIDE ARRAY OF TECHNIQUES TO DEFEND ONES SELF AND TO RESTRAIN PERSONAL THREATS IN A N EFFICIENT AND CONTROLLED MANNER. AN AMAZING WORK OUT AND SECOND TO NONE CARDIO BUILDER. WE ALSO FOCUS ON TRAINING FOR SPORT COMPETITIONS. TRAINING ALTERNATES BETWEEN GI AND NO GI.

 LITTLE NINJAS IS A FUN, ENERGY PACKED CLASS FOR KIDS 3 - 6. WE HELP DEVELOP PHYSICAL COORDINATION, MOTOR SKILLS, SELF-CONTROL AND DISCIPLINE IN A FUN ENVIROMENT. THIS CLASS WILL PREPARE THEM TO MOVE RIGHT IN TO YOUTH BJJ WHEN THEY'RE ELIGIBLE.

 ## LITTLE NINJAS

 ## YOUTH JIU-JITSU
 AN INFORMATION PACKED CLASS THAT WILL EXPOSE YOUR CHILD TO A WEALTH OF KNOWLEDGE, CHALLENGE THEM MENTALLY AND PHYSICALLY. THEY WILL GAIN COORDINATION, CONFIDENCE AND HAVE HAVE LOTS OF FUN! 6+

 OUR STRIKING CLASS DRAWS FROM MUAY THAI, BOXING AND KICKBOXING TECHNIQUES AND FUNDAMENTALS. A HIGH ENERGY CLASS SURE TO TEST YOUR COORDINATION AND CARDIO.

 ## ADULT STRIKING

 ## MUAY THAI
 LEAD BY COACH RYAN, THIS CLASS FOCUSES ON BUILDING BASIC PRINCIPLES AND TECHNIQUES. BEGINNERS WILL BUILD STRONG FUNDAMENTALS AND CONDITIONING. MORE ADVANCE PARTICIPANTS WILL SHARPEN THEIR TECHNIQUE AND SKILLSET. ALL LEVELS ARE WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED TO ATTEND. THIS CLASS IS OFFERED TWO SATURDAYS OF THE MONTH.

 CONTACT US TODAY
 10 tips for beginners

 Our goal is the same as yours, to train in a safe environment where you expand your knowledge, practice that knowledge and grow as a martial artist. At the heart of everything we do is our passion for improving, educating and empowering people to achieve their goals.
 We are an organically grown gym that came together to build something that is truly amazing. With our affiliation with the 303 Training Center and a greatly diverse, inspiring and willing team members, we have everything you need to help you reach whatever goals you may have. We value each individual's talents and skills they have to offer. At Agoge we strive to empower our team so they can be confident tackling challenges and taking on new experiences with our open and innovative style.
 We are committed to providing a training environment that fits every skill level and background.
 Are you ready to see what you are capable of?
 ​
 Starting is the biggest step you'll take.

 Contact
 ##### CALL, TEXT OR EMAIL US BELOW 970.417.3118
 Submit
 Thanks! We will get back to you ASAP!
