---
source_url: https://www.fumacabjj.com/copy-of-kids-program
final_url: https://www.fumacabjj.com/copy-of-kids-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.113Z
---

# ALL PROGRAMS
 # BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU
 FOCUS ON CREATING A SOLID BASE WITH DRILLING, FUNDAMENTALS AND SELF-DEFENSE. DESIGNED FOR A RANGE OF STUDENTS INCLUDING KIDS AND BEGINNERS; AMATEUR AND PROFESSIONAL COMPETITORS; POLICE, FIREFIGHTERS, AND OTHER FIRST RESPONDERS; AND WORLD CLASS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PRACTITIONERS AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTISTS WITH EXPERIENCE IN A VARIETY OF COMBAT SPORTS.

 # BOXING / STRIKING
 FOCUS ON PROPER FOOTWORK, STRIKING TECHNIQUES, HEAD MOVEMENT AND COMBINATIONS WITH SPARRING OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE FOR ADVANCED STUDENTS. DESIGNED FOR BOTH BEGINNERS AND COMPETITORS, THIS CLASS WILL IMPROVE SPEED, AGILITY, FINESSE, POWER, ENDURANCE, AND MENTAL FORTITUDE.

 # JUDO
 LEARN THE SKILLS TO USE THE STRENGTH OF YOUR OPPONENT TO OVERCOME THEM. AN EXAMINATION OF JUDO AND ITS PRACTICAL APPLICATION TO REAL-LIFE SITUATIONS, THIS CLASS WILL FOCUS ON METHODS AND TECHNIQUES INCLUDING FALLING, GRIP AND THROWING SEQUENCES, ESCAPES, AS WELL AS DEFENSE WITH RANDORI (SPARRING) OPPORTUNITIES AVAILABLE FOR ADVANCED STUDENTS. EXCELLENT CHOICE FOR THOSE INTERESTED IN SELF-DEFENSE, MARTIAL ARTS, OR A CHALLENGING NEW WORKOUT.

 # STRENGTH & CONDITIONING
 STRENGTH, POWER, SPEED AND CONDITIONING ARE ALL NECESSARY TRAITS FOR A WELL-ROUNDED ATHLETE. STRENGTH AND CONDITIONING CLASSES PREPARE STUDENTS FOR THE RIGORS OF ADVANCED TRAINING AND SPARRING AND AID IN INJURY PREVENTION. WORKOUTS FOCUS ON PLYOMETRICS, SPEED AND AGILITY, ENDURANCE, STRENGTH AND CORE STABILITY.
