---
source_url: https://www.fumacabjj.com
final_url: https://www.fumacabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.603Z
---

#### NOW OFFERING CLASSES IN:
 ADULT & KIDS JIU-JITSU
 JUDO
 BOXING
 ADULT WORKOUTS

 LEARN MORE
 #### COME IN AND TRY A FREE CLASS!
 CLASS SCHEDULE
 ###### TEAM FUMACA ACADEMY IS A MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL CONCENTRATED IN THE ART OF BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU. WE FOCUS ON CREATING A SOLID BASE WITH DRILLING AND FUNDAMENTALS. CLASSES ARE TAILORED TO THE ABILITIES OF EACH STUDENT. OUR STUDENTS COME FROM A VARIETY OF BACKGROUNDS RANGING FROM BEGINNERS TO AMATEUR AND PROFESSIONAL COMPETITORS AS WELL AS MIXED MARTIAL ARTISTS. OUR TEAM INCLUDES CHILDREN; INDIVIDUALS WANTING TO GET INTO SHAPE OR LEARN SELF-DEFENSE; POLICE, FIREFIGHTERS, AND OTHER FIRST RESPONDERS WHO USE OUR TECHNIQUES ON THE JOB; AND WORLD CLASS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PRACTITIONERS AND MIXED MARTIAL ARTISTS WITH EXPERIENCE IN A VARIETY OF COMBAT SPORTS. OUR PRINCIPLES ARE FAMILY, RESPECT, PERSEVERANCE, COMMUNITY, AND TEAMWORK. OUR TEAM IS MADE UP OF INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE DEDICATED TO IMPROVING THEIR LIVES THROUGH MARTIAL ARTS. WE TRAIN HARD TOGETHER IN A WELCOMING AND SUPPORTIVE ENVIRONMENT.

 ###### OUR FACILITY
 ###### TEAM FUMACA ACADEMY IS A STATE-OF-THE-ART MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING FACILITY LOCATED AT 1617 N CLYBOURN IN CHICAGO. ###### OUR FACILITY INCLUDES BRAND NEW FUJI MATS, A TURF STRIP WITH A TIRE AND SLED FOR CONDITIONING, A STRIKING AREA INCLUDING HEAVY BAGS AND GLOVES, AND AN AREA FOR STRENGTH AND CONDITIONING INCLUDING WEIGHTS, A BENCH AND OTHER RESISTANCE EQUIPMENT. OTHER AMENITIES INCLUDE SEPARATE MEN AND WOMEN CHANGING ROOMS, TWO SHOWERS WITH SOAP AND TOWEL SERVICE, CENTRAL AIR AND HEAT, AND BUILDING SECURITY.
 ACADEMY
 VISITOR INFORMATION
 SIGN UP

 ## SPONSORS
 press to zoom

 sponsors
 “Training with Antoine has changed my life. I have been able to accomplish goals I would have never dreamed possible - including competing in and placing in a number of tournaments. Entering my mid-30s I am in the best shape of my life. People who have known me for years tell me that I have become a better version of myself and an example for others.”
 -Angela B.

 “Fumaca introduced me to Jiu-Jitsu around 2008 or 2009. I dibbled and dabbled but never took it seriously. With the passing of my little sister in 2013 and going through a divorce shortly after that, I was in a pretty bad place. Fumaça reintroduced Jiu-Jitsu to me and helped me focus through my pain. I was learning a great art, meeting new people, and traveling to places like Brazil to train. Fumaça and Jiu-Jitsu helped to better my life when I needed it most. For that I will always be grateful to Fumaca Jiu Jitsu!!”
 -LeVan B.

 VISIT FUMAÇA ACADEMY

 ## GALLERY
 VIEW GALLERY

 Success! Message received.

 Send

 ## CONTACT

 contact
