---
source_url: http://shinobimmany.com/page/behring-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://shinobimmany.com/page/behring-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:59.837Z
---

Behring Jiu Jitsu & Shinobi MMA
 email ShinobiMixedMartialArts@gmail.com
 phone (315) 286-4376

 # Behring Jiu Jitsu # # What is BJJ? Brazilian jiu-jitsu is a self-defence martial art and combat sport based on grappling, ground fighting, and submission holds. BJJ focuses on taking ones opponent down to the ground, gaining a dominant position, and using a number of leverage based techniques to force them into submission via joint locks or chokeholds.
 Brazilian jiu-jitsu was first developed in 1925 by Brazilian brothers Carlos, Oswaldo, Gastão Jr., O’Brien, and Hélio Gracie, after Carlos was taught a hybrid of traditional Japanese Jujitsu and Kodokan judo by a travelling Japanese judoka, Mitsuyo Maeda, in 1917. Later on, the Gracie family developed their own self-defense system Gracie Jiu-Jitsu.
 BJJ eventually came to be its own defined combat sport through the innovations, practices, and adaptation of Gracie jiu-jitsu and judo, and became an essential martial art for modern MMA.
 # # Our Lineage Behring Jiu Jitsu NY's program is built from the fundamental self defense principals created by Grandmaster Flavio Behring. Flavio had studied Jiu-Jitsu under the tutelage of BJJ's founder, Grandmaster Helio Grace . Our black belts are belted under directly under Grandmaster Behring, and the Behring Jiu Jitsu council.

 Start your free week of training! # Start your free week of training! Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.
