---
source_url: http://www.burgessmma.com
final_url: https://burgessmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:48.480Z
---

# Training for everyone! Training for everyone! Training for everyone! Training for everyone! Training for everyone!

 # Training for everyone! Training for everyone! Training for everyone! Training for everyone! Training for everyone!

 ## Thank you Manchester Region for Voting us Your #1 Martial Arts Studio for 2023!

 Burgess Academy of BJJ and MMA is a premier training facility that offers a wide range of martial arts disciplines for individuals of all ages and skill levels. With our expertly trained instructors, state-of-the-art facilities, and commitment to excellence, we provide a nurturing and supportive environment for individuals to enhance their physical and mental well-being.

 As the only IBJJF certified and USA Boxing certified gym in all of New Hampshire, our qualified instructors are dedicated to providing quality instruction and ensuring the safety and progress of our students. Whether you are a beginner looking for a unique and challenging workout or a seasoned professional competitor striving for excellence, our programs have something to offer for everyone.

 With our affordable monthly membership options, you have access to unlimited training in various disciplines such as Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai & American Kickboxing, Boxing, and Mixed Martial Arts. Annual and lifetime P.I.F memberships are available for those seeking long-term commitment.

 To learn more about our programs and schedule a 7-day free trial, reach out to us today. Your journey towards improved fitness, self-defense skills, and personal growth starts here at Burgess Academy of BJJ and MMA.

 ## Tuition ### Adult Classes
 Our monthly dues are $150 for unlimited training

 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Included

 We offer 8 gi BJJ classes per week.

 #### No Gi Grappling Included

 We offer 6 no gi classes per week

 #### Muay Thai & American Kickboxing Included

 We offer 6 kickboxing classes per week

 #### Boxing Included

 We offer 3 boxing classes per week

 #### Mixed Martial Arts Included

 We offer 3 MMA classes per week
 You must be a member for 6 months before attending

 #### Calisthenics Included

 We offer 1 Calisthenics class per week

 #### Open Mat Included

 We offer 4 Open Mats per week

 Annual and Lifetime Memberships Are Also Available

 ## Reviews

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Please contact us if you cannot find an answer to your question.

 Is this a good gym for beginners? Yes! We provide training for people just looking for a different workout than the regular gym as well as the most seasoned professional competitors.

 What equipment will I need for my week trial? The only things you will need are clothes that you are comfortable to work out in and water.

 How long do I have until I can become a pro fighter? Just as in any professional sport there are hundreds of hours poured into training and preparation. Show up to train daily and your goals will be reached.

 ## Contact Us #### Please message us now to claim your 7 day free trial offer. Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### BurgessMMA 9 Old Falls Road, Manchester, New Hampshire 03103, United States
 Youtalkwetrain@gmail.com

 #### Hours Open today | 09:30 am – 01:00 pm |

 Monday - Friday: 10am - 12pm & 5pm - 9pm
 Saturday: 10am - 1pm
 Sunday: 9:30am - 1pm

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
