---
source_url: https://combatsportsboston.com
final_url: https://www.combatsportsboston.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:07.357Z
---

## Get Your First 3 Classes for $19.95!
 # Get started today and take on the best martial arts in town
 Get Started Now

 ## Request more information
 # Want to learn more about our programs? Please fill out the form, and our team will happily answer any questions you have! Whether you're interested in class details, membership options, or scheduling, we’re here to help. We’ll get back to you as soon as possible!
 First name *

 Last name *

 Phone *

 Email *

 What Would You Like to Learn About Combat Sports Boston? *

 By clicking "Submit" you agree to receive automated marketing calls or texts from or on behalf of Combat Sports Boston. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Message and data rates may apply. *

 Submit

 WHAT SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE TODAY WILL SOON BECOME YOUR WARM-UP

 Helping You Get The Most Out Of Each Workout

 At Combat Sports Boston, the goal of our training staff is to foster an environment in which all of our students are best able to learn, build friendships, and develop a deeper respect for the martial arts. As a promise to our students, we will always provide the best possible instruction based on our experiences and our proven curriculum. In return, we expect that the students will respect the teachings and traditions passed down through our training staff.
 ​
 ​ Combat Sports Boston is an open environment through which all of the instructors and students are able to share ideas, training techniques, and life experiences. The camaraderie forged at this facility is of the utmost importance to the training staff. We want all students to get the most out of their experiences at the Combat Sports International Training Facility.

 ## What we offer...
 Confidence & self esteem

 There are a wealth of benefits that come from healthy self-confidence from helping you manage fears and maintain a positive mental attitude. Train with us and you'll discover there is no better way to build your confidence than with the Martial Arts.

 Discipline & Self-Control

 With self-discipline comes all kinds of beneficial improvements to your life including advanced focus, new found respect, better health & fitness along with having an easier time at work or school. The bedrock of Martial Arts is founded on teaching discipline and self-control to its students.

 Self-Defense

 Knowledge of Self-Defense produces advantages far beyond looking cool and hoisting trophies. With these skills you'll learn to defend yourself in a variety of situations, whether life-threatening or you're being bullied in school. Not only that, but you'll gain the confidence to use - or not use - these skills to keep you and your family safe.

 New Friends & Mentors

 Our team is dedicated to your success. Whether that means pushing you to your limits, being a friend in a time of need or spending extra time to show you a technique you're struggling with, our community is here to make you feel comfortable and safe while having fun and learning effective techniques.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 About
