---
source_url: http://eastgatekenpo.com/our-classes
final_url: https://www.eastgatekenpo.com/our-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:38.099Z
---

### Get in touch
 (541) 747-3181
 frank@eastgatekenpo.com

 4404 Main St, Springfield, OR 97478, United States of America

 Questions? Call us: (541) 747-3181

 Get Started

 4404 Main St, Springfield, OR 97478, United States of America

 Questions? Call us: (541) 747-3181

 Get Started

 # Our Classes
 Explore our diverse range of martial arts classes designed to suit all ages, skill levels, and interests. Discover the perfect class for you, whether you're seeking self-defense techniques, improved fitness, or personal growth through discipline and focus.

 ### Kids Martial Arts

 ### Adult Martial Arts

 ## Kids Martial Arts
 At Eastgate Kenpo, our kids' martial arts program is designed to instill confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills in young minds. With a curriculum tailored specifically for children, our experienced instructors create a nurturing environment where kids can thrive. Through engaging and dynamic classes, children learn fundamental martial arts techniques while developing valuable life skills such as focus, respect, and teamwork. Our goal is to empower children to become resilient, confident individuals who are well-equipped to face challenges both on and off the mat. Join us at Eastgate Kenpo and watch your child grow into a skilled martial artist and a strong, resilient individual.

 Learn More...

 ## Adult Martial Arts
 Our adult program is a unique blend of time-honored principles and contemporary techniques designed to empower you with robust strength, formidable self-defense skills, and unshakeable confidence. We take pride in our welcoming and supportive environment that respects individual learning curves while fostering collective growth. By joining us, you're not just learning Kenpo Karate, you're embracing a journey towards personal excellence. Come, be a part of our community, and unlock your true potential.

 Learn More...

 ## Interested in joining? Try us out before you fully commit to a membership!

 Experience our dynamic classes and supportive community firsthand with a no-obligation trial before deciding on a full membership. Join us and discover the perfect fit for your martial arts journey!

 Access Web Special

 ##### (541) 747-3181 ##### frank@eastgatekenpo.com ##### ##### 4404 Main St, Springfield, OR 97478, United States of America

 © Made With Love by MyManager Websites

 Share by:
