---
source_url: http://eastgatekenpo.com
final_url: https://www.eastgatekenpo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:38.240Z
---

### Get in touch
 (541) 747-3181
 frank@eastgatekenpo.com

 4404 Main St, Springfield, OR 97478, United States of America

 Questions? Call us: (541) 747-3181

 Get Started

 4404 Main St, Springfield, OR 97478, United States of America

 Questions? Call us: (541) 747-3181

 Get Started

 # Join Eastgate Kenpo Karate in Springfield: Unleash Your Potential with Master Frank Pollara Over 35 Years of Expertise
 Eastgate Kenpo: Empowering individuals through the art of self-defense. Discover confidence, discipline, and lifelong friendships in our inclusive and supportive martial arts academy.

 Get Started Now

 # Join Eastgate Kenpo Karate in Springfield: Unleash Your Potential with Master Frank Pollara Over 35 Years of Expertise
 Eastgate Kenpo: Empowering individuals through the art of self-defense. Discover confidence, discipline, and lifelong friendships in our inclusive and supportive martial arts academy.

 Get Started Now

 # Join Eastgate Kenpo Karate in Springfield: Unleash Your Potential with Master Frank Pollara Over 35 Years of Expertise
 Eastgate Kenpo: Empowering individuals through the art of self-defense. Discover confidence, discipline, and lifelong friendships in our inclusive and supportive martial arts academy.

 Get Started Now

 ### Kids Martial Arts Discover the empowering world of our kids' martial arts program at Eastgate Kenpo. Designed to instill confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills, our dynamic classes nurture young minds in a supportive environment.

 Learn More...

 ### Adult Martial Arts Unleash your potential with our adult martial arts program at Eastgate Kenpo. Experience a transformative journey, combining traditional principles with modern techniques, fostering strength, self-defense skills, and confidence in a supportive environment.

 Learn More...

 ## About Us: Eastgate Kenpo Karate, Springfield
 Welcome to Eastgate Kenpo, where the art of self-defense is honed with passion and expertise. With a rich history spanning over three decades, our esteemed martial arts academy is dedicated to empowering individuals of all ages and backgrounds. Led by our highly skilled instructors, who bring a wealth of knowledge and experience, we offer a comprehensive curriculum that combines the time-honored principles of Kenpo with modern self-defense techniques. We pride ourselves on fostering a supportive and inclusive environment, where students can develop confidence, discipline, and physical fitness while building lifelong friendships. At Eastgate Kenpo, we are committed to helping you unleash your true potential and embark on a transformative journey of personal growth. Join us today and discover the extraordinary power within you.

 Get Started Frank Pollara
 Grand Master

 PREPARE TO SOAR BEYOND THE STARS & IGNITE YOUR INNER BRILLIANCE

 ## Transform Your Body & Mind With The Best Martial Arts School in Springfield, Oregan

 ### Self Defense Skills
 One of the most significant benefits of martial arts is that they teach you real-world self-defense skills. You'll learn practical techniques & strategies that can help you defend yourself against potential attackers & handle dangerous situations.

 ### Increased Mental Clarity
 Our classes require you to be focused & present in the moment, which can help you develop greater mental clarity. You'll learn how to control your thoughts & how to stay calm, even in stressful or challenging situations.

 ### Stress Relief
 Practicing martial arts can be an excellent way to relieve stress. You'll focus on the techniques & movements, which can help you clear your mind & relax. Additionally, the physical exercise releases endorphins, which are natural mood boosters.

 ### Improved Physical Fitness
 Practicing Martial Arts can significantly improve your overall physical fitness. These activities include a range of motion, strength training, & cardio exercises that can help you become stronger, more flexible, & in better shape.

 ### Greater Self Confidence
 As you progress in your Martial Arts Training you'll gain greater self-confidence in your abilities. You'll learn how to set and achieve goals, push through physical & mental barriers, & trust your instincts.

 ### Community Interaction
 Joining our Studio will create a sense of community for you & it will promote social interaction. You'll meet new people who share similar interests & goals & form supportive relationships that can help you stay motivated and committed to your training.

 ## View Our Web Special & Access Our Schedule
 Secure your spot & get started today with our TOP SECRET online web special!

 *By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Eastgate Kenpo Karate to send you periodic text messages and emails. Standard rates may apply. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## Discover your hidden champion and dive into an exhilarating quest to conquer the world of Martial Arts.

 ### A Martial Arts Studio Rooted in Time-Honored Traditions and Core Values
 Eastgate Kenpo: Ignite your passion for self-defense. With an esteemed legacy and expert instructors, we empower individuals of all backgrounds. Experience our captivating curriculum, fostering confidence, discipline, and lifelong camaraderie. Unleash your true potential and embark on a transformative journey at Eastgate Kenpo. Join us today and harness your extraordinary power.

 ### Empowering Students with Skills for Life
 Eastgate Kenpo: Ignite the flames of tradition and self-defense. Immerse yourself in our esteemed legacy and learn from expert instructors, empowering individuals of diverse backgrounds. Embrace our captivating curriculum, cultivating confidence, discipline, and enduring camaraderie. Unleash your true potential and embark on a transformative journey at Eastgate Kenpo. Join our ranks today and channel your extraordinary power through the timeless art of self-defense.

 - "I have noticed a number of positive changes since beginning class. Kyle has demonstrated increased respect for himself and others. In school his grades have improved leaps & bounds, most importantly he has a new level of self-confidence & self-worth. We couldn’t be more pleased. Thank you” Amy - "Duncan & Rhiannon have been more responsible, have more self-confidence and they are better about winning/losing.” Tina - “Kacie is much more focused at home and in school. Her self-confidence has improved. She has a lot of pride in herself, especially since being in Black Belt Club.” Candace - “Levi has increased confidence, the ability to preserve even when things are difficult, how to be a good sport, increased independence & ability to accept responsibility. And of course, his strength, coordination & skills.” Paula - “Katalina has a positive attitude at her school and is getting good grades.” Carlos - "Jerrmaine’s “focus, discipline, self-control & pride” have all improved." Crystal - Kirsten; “She is more independent, positive & outgoing.” Teresa - “Jace has been “more cooperative, less defiant, increased self-discipline, focus, more confidence and higher self-esteem.” Jena

 Young Warriors' Path: Nurturing the Spirit of Kenpo

 In our Kenpo Karate program for kids, we instill the ancient wisdom of self-defense, blending elements of Chinese, Japanese, and American martial arts. Our young warriors learn to harness their body as a tool for protection while cultivating mental strength and spiritual growth. Through this journey, they not only develop physical skills but also foster confidence, respect, discipline, and character - the true essence of Kenpo Karate.

 Learn More...

 Path of the Peaceful Warrior: Kenpo Karate for Adults

 At our school, adult students delve into the rich tapestry of Kenpo Karate, a self-defense system that harmoniously merges Chinese, Japanese, and American martial arts traditions. Our adult warriors master the art of transforming their bodies into formidable shields while simultaneously nurturing their mental fortitude and spiritual resilience. This journey fosters not only physical prowess but also shapes character, instills discipline, and boosts confidence - the core tenets of Kenpo Karate.

 Learn More

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 See some of our most common questions and answers below, or call us at (541) 747-3181

 - What is a beginner's class expectation? Beginning a martial arts program can be daunting, but there's nothing to worry about! A beginner's class typically includes an introduction to the basics of the chosen martial art, including basic strikes, blocks, and stances. The focus is on developing fundamental skills that serve as a foundation for future training. - How can I prepare for my first martial arts class? Before your first class, you should wear comfortable clothes that allow you to move freely. You should arrive early and introduce yourself to the instructor and other students. You should follow the instructions and rules of the class and ask for help if you need it. - Is martial arts dangerous? Although any sport or activity has some risk involved, we follow safety protocols to ensure a safe and supportive environment for our students. We understand that each student has their own unique limits and we encourage rest and feedback during exercise. The safety and well-being of our students is our top priority. - What should I wear to class? For your first few classes, comfortable workout clothes like a T-shirt and sweatpants or shorts are appropriate. Once you decide to commit to a specific martial art, you will need to purchase the appropriate uniform and any necessary protective gear. - Can Martial Arts cause injury? Because we place such a huge focus on safety and injury prevention, we're proud to say that injuries are very few and far between with our program. In fact, because martial arts gets you in great shape, and makes you strong and flexible, people often see LESS injuries in their lives. - How often should I attend classes to see progress? Consistency is key to progress in martial arts. We recommend attending classes at least two to three times a week to build a strong foundation and continually develop your skills.

 Get Started Now

 ## Why Choose Eastgate Kenpo Karate in Springfield, Oregan

 ### Martial Arts for Self-Defense
 Our Studiol focuses on practical self-defense techniques, empowering students to protect themselves and their loved ones in real-life situations.

 ### Physical Fitness and Martial Arts
 Our comprehensive training programs incorporate strength, flexibility, and endurance exercises, helping students achieve their fitness goals while mastering martial arts techniques.

 ### Martial Arts for Personal Growth
 We emphasize the development of mental discipline, self-confidence, and respect, fostering personal growth and character-building through martial arts practice.

 ##### (541) 747-3181 ##### frank@eastgatekenpo.com ##### ##### 4404 Main St, Springfield, OR 97478, United States of America

 © Made With Love by MyManager Websites

 Share by:
