---
source_url: https://michigangrapplingco.com
final_url: https://www.michigangrappling.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:27.662Z
---

# Michigan Grappling Co in Southgate, Michigan ## Jiu Jitsu • Kickboxing • MMA • Adults + Kids ### Our Vision Looking to elevate your fitness and self-defense game?
 Michigan Grappling Co. is the perfect place to unleash your potential!
 Whether you’re a seasoned athlete or a complete beginner, our welcoming community and expert coaches will guide you every step of the way.
 Build strength, confidence, and skill while learning the art of jiu-jitsu in a fun and supportive environment.
 Don’t wait—step onto the mat and discover what you’re capable of today!

 ## Jiu Jitsu At Michigan Grappling Co, we offer a wide range of Jiu Jitsu programs for kids and adults. Our quality instruction and clean facilities provide a supportive environment for all Jiu Jitsu levels. Whether you’re looking to boost your physical fitness, learn self-defense, or join a community of like-minded individuals, we have the perfect Jiu Jitsu training program for you.

 ## Kickboxing Michigan Grappling Co offers excellent kickboxing classes for both first-timers, world champions and everyone in between. Learn to use body mechanics such as footwork, core mobility, and blazing hand speed in a safe and fun-filled environment. Leave our kickboxing classes feeling strong, confident in your self-defense skills and exhilarated after completing a total body workout.

 ## MMA Our Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) classes are designed for athletes of all levels. Both beginners and experienced fighters looking to sharpen their skills will be sure to learn something in each class. Led by experienced coaches, including professional fighters, each session focuses on fundamental techniques, strategy, conditioning, and live drills to improve both offensive and defensive skills.

 ## Michigan Grappling Co 13672 Fort Street,
 Southgate, Michigan 48195
 ### (734) 540-9955 🥋 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for All Levels
 🤼‍♂️ Self-Defense | Fitness | Competition
 🏆 Join Our Community & Transform Your Journey

 ### Opening Hours: Mon: 05:30 am – 08:00 pm
 Tue: 05:30 am – 08:00 pm
 Wed: 05:30 am – 08:00 pm
 Thu: 05:30 am – 08:00 pm
 Fri: 05:30 am – 08:00 pm
 Sat: 10:30 am – 01:30 pm
 Sun: 12:00 pm – 02:00 pm

 # Contact Us Today! Please leave this field empty.
 Your Name (required)

 Your Email (required)

 Your Phone (required)

 Subject

 Your Message
 Text Messaging
 I Agree To Receive Text Messages
 By checking this box, I consent to receive text messages related to schedule reminders, follow-up messages, and billing inquiry messages from Michigan Grappling Co. You can reply STOP to opt-out at any time. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. Text (734) 540-9955 for assistance. For more information, refer to our Privacy Policy and SMS Terms and Conditions on our website.
 *** *** *** *** ***
 Please Confirm You Are Human

 ### Follow Us:
