---
source_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com/brazilian-jiu-jtsu-kids-classes
final_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com/brazilian-jiu-jtsu-kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.336Z
---

# Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Kids and Teens
 BOOK A CLASS!

 ### Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Kids and Teens at Gracie Barra Leesburg
 The Gracie Barra Leesburg Kids Program warmly welcomes children aged 3-15 into a nurturing environment where they can learn and embrace essential values such as focus, discipline, persistence, cooperation, and respect.

 # Little Champions - (Ages 3-6)
 Gracie Barra Jiu-Jitsu, as a contact sport, provides a challenging yet safe and nurturing environment where children can develop into real-life champions. The benefits of consistent practice extend well beyond the mats. The discipline and dedication fostered by our instructors often have a positive impact on a child's behavior at home and in school.

 BOOK A CLASS!

 Little Champions II (Ages 7-10)

 Our instructors are specially trained to engage with and provide gentle guidance to children and teens practicing the art of Jiu-Jitsu.

 BOOK A CLASS!

 Juniors & Teens (Ages 11-15)

 Our program is thoughtfully designed to mirror adult courses, with specific adaptations and modifications tailored to the different age ranges within the class. Jiu-Jitsu classes for children begin with essential building blocks that teach the fundamentals of the art. Our carefully developed curriculum emphasizes the importance of routine, cooperation, and self-awareness, helping children and teens develop and appreciate these valuable life skills.

 BOOK A CLASS!

 ## Benefits of Joining the Gracie Barra Kids Program

 Jiu-Jitsu classes often include partner drills and group activities that encourage children to work together, fostering a sense of teamwork and cooperation.

 Improve Kids’ Social Skills

 Jiu-Jitsu focuses on real-world self-defense techniques that are effective regardless of size or strength. Children learn to protect themselves using leverage, joint locks, and chokeholds.

 Learn the GB Self-Defense Techniques

 As children progress in their training and master new skills, their self-confidence grows, making them more comfortable in social interactions.

 Build Self-Confidence

 Jiu-Jitsu techniques often involve problem-solving and critical thinking, requiring children to concentrate and strategize. These skills can enhance their overall cognitive abilities and focus.

 Improve Focus, Energy, and Concentration

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches respect for instructors and training partners, instilling values of discipline and courteous behavior.

 Develop Discipline

 Through controlled sparring and practice, children learn to handle conflicts constructively and manage their emotions effectively in challenging situations.

 Enhanced Understanding of Goal-Setting and Achievement
