---
source_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-adults-class
final_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-adults-class
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.988Z
---

# GB1: The Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu
 The Gracie Barra Fundamentals Program teaches the essential principles of self-defense, tailored for individuals like you. The program’s structure combines a variety of Jiu-Jitsu techniques into fundamental movements, integrated intelligently and safely to optimize your learning experience. Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone—including you!

 BOOK A CLASS!

 # GB2: Advance Your Jiu-Jitsu
 The Advanced Program focuses on high-level techniques and exercises designed to enhance students' reflexes, speed, and reaction time, making transitions between techniques smoother.
 After a few months in the GB Advanced Program, students often find themselves more deeply connected to the Gracie Barra philosophy and adopt habits that lead to a healthier lifestyle.

 BOOK A CLASS!

 # GB3: Achieve Black Belt Excellence
 The Gracie Barra Black Belt Program represents the final stage of the GB adult program structure. While it signifies reaching the highest level of training at our school, it also marks the beginning of a new journey.
 The goal of this program is to further refine the student’s movement flow by introducing cutting-edge Jiu-Jitsu techniques and their variations.
 In the Black Belt Program, most students come to fully understand what they’ve been told since their white belt days: Jiu-Jitsu is an endless journey of daily achievements that continually presents new challenges. Techniques such as arm locks, chokes, triangles, Kimuras, takedowns, and guard passes take on new meaning as your game evolves.

 BOOK A CLASS!

 # Jiu-Jitsu classes for adults
 BOOK A CLASS!

 ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu Classes at Gracie Barra Leesburg
 At Gracie Barra Leesburg, we offer a variety of adult Jiu-Jitsu classes to help you find the perfect fit for your needs. Our classes are divided into three tiers, catering to different skill levels and knowledge. Here’s what we offer:
