---
source_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com/private-jiu-jitsu-training
final_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com/private-jiu-jitsu-training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:35.253Z
---

## Our curriculum is designed to give you results tailored to your individual goals and abilities. With private training, you will see improvement in your game flow almost immediately.
 Join us!

 ## Our curriculum is designed to give you results tailored to your individual goals and abilities. With private training, you will see improvement in your game flow almost immediately.
 Join us!

 ## Private Jiu-Jitsu Training

 Private Jiu-Jitsu lessons in Leesburg strengthen your skills and help you hone specific techniques learned in class. These private sessions are an excellent way to gain an edge over the competition and advance your abilities faster than your peers. Your journey in Jiu-Jitsu is unique, and the training shows different results for everyone, which is why it’s best to follow a personalized approach when learning the art of Jiu-Jitsu.
 At Gracie Barra Leesburg, we not only offer comprehensive classes for all ages and skill levels, but we also encourage our students to take part in private training courses to reinforce what they have learned in class and further improve their skills. Private training provides you with the time to overcome problem areas with your instructor and reach critical breakthroughs where you might have faced challenges before. Your instructor will provide personalized training based on your skill level so you can perfect your techniques and even advance beyond the rest of the class. Receiving one-on-one time is essential for succeeding in your Jiu-Jitsu training.

 ## Schedule your class
 We offer private Jiu-Jitsu lessons for students to help you gain a deeper understanding of the art and take your training to the next level. This is the preferred method of training for many of our champions who participate in competitions due to the personalized attention each student receives. The one-on-one time you get during your private training is essential to learning Jiu-Jitsu tailored to your individual strengths and opportunities for development.
 Enroll in your private training today to increase your knowledge and understanding of Jiu-Jitsu. Contact Gracie Barra Leesburg to learn more about private training opportunities available to you.

 BOOK A CLASS!

 Learn Jiu-Jitsu Techniques at Your Own Pace

 Review Technique with a Trained Instructor

 Improve Focus and Confidence on the Mat

 Perfect the Skills and Moves You Learn in Class

 Dedicated Instructor Attention and Coaching

 Results Tailored to Your Individual Goals and Abilities
