---
source_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com
final_url: https://www.gbleesburg.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:36.290Z
---

### Gracie Barra Leesburg
 Experience top-notch Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training with us at Gracie Barra Leesburg in Virginia. We offer classes for all levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Our community is built on the principles of brotherhood, integrity, and development.
 Whether you are looking to get in shape, learn self-defense, or compete at a high level, Gracie Barra Leesburg provides the perfect environment to achieve your goals. Come train with us and become part of our family!

 BOOK A CLASS!

 ### Discover a community ready to help you develop in every way.
 Get in the best shape of your life when you join the Gracie Barra Leesburg team.

 BOOK A CLASS!

 # Martial Arts and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for all skill levels in Leesburg, VA

 ### Kids & Teens
 Children and teens of all skill levels and abilities will love the Jiu-Jitsu classes at Gracie Barra Leesburg! Our GB Kids Program is specially designed to teach self-discipline in a fun and unique way, providing kids with an exciting outlet to express themselves. Our friendly instructors are trained to interact with care, offering gentle guidance to help children and teens master the art of Jiu-Jitsu. Come join us and be a part of this amazing adventure!

 LEARN MORE

 ### Adults
 Jiu-Jitsu for everyone! We offer a wide range of adult Jiu-Jitsu classes in Leesburg, allowing students to choose the class that best suits their needs. With our three tiers of classes addressing varying degrees of skill and knowledge, it's easy to get started in our friendly and welcoming environment. Gracie Barra Leesburg is the perfect place for both beginners and experienced practitioners to train and grow. Join us and discover the benefits of Jiu-Jitsu in a family-friendly atmosphere!

 LEARN MORE

 # Gracie Barra Leesburg
 BOOK A CLASS!

 ### Self Defense
 Join our welcoming community to learn the most effective self-defense techniques and enhance your fitness routine in a safe, supportive environment. Our martial arts program is specially designed to teach you how to defend yourself against any attacker, even those much larger than you. Our friendly instructors will guide you through drills that simulate real-life attack and escape situations, helping you practice leveraging an attacker’s weight against them to escape safely. The self-defense techniques you’ll learn are based on Jiu-Jitsu fundamentals and perfectly complement our variety of adult classes. Come join us and discover the confidence and strength that Jiu-Jitsu can bring to your life!

 LEARN MORE

 ## JIU-JITSU FOR FITNESS
 Get in the best shape of your life with fitness classes at Gracie Barra Leesburg to improve the mind and body

 Mental strength

 Motivation

 Cooperation

 Focus and discipline

 Personal growth

 Weight Loss

 ## Get fit, feel stronger, and unleash your potential with us!
 At Gracie Barra Leesburg in Virginia, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) offers an unparalleled workout with a combination of physical and mental benefits that few other sports can match. Physically, BJJ demands strength, agility, and intense cardiovascular conditioning, engaging your entire body during each session. This full-body workout helps you build muscle and enhance your overall fitness level.
 Mentally, BJJ provides a unique challenge, requiring you to anticipate your opponents' moves and respond accordingly. This sharpens your awareness and quick-thinking skills. Additionally, BJJ is an excellent way to blow off steam and relieve stress, offering significant therapeutic benefits.
 Overall, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Gracie Barra Leesburg is an outstanding way to boost both your physical and mental health. Join us and experience the transformative power of BJJ!

 Where Your Fitness Goals
 Become Reality

 Find Out What Our Students Are Saying About Us:

 ## Schedule Your Jiu-Jitsu Class

 Jared, on google

 My daughter and I joined Gracie Barra Leesburg a couple weeks ago and the experience has been phenomenal. From my daughter’s perspective, she’s already building more confidence and always wants more mat time. Professor Charles delivers a perfect balance of competitiveness and fun to keep her engaged and focused. From my perspective, this is my home away from home. Professor Charles and Professor Deborah are both patient, hard-working, and passionate about teaching BJJ. Thanks to their coaching style, I keep pushing myself to be present 4-5 times a week!

 Ashley, on google

 Had my first class in here yesterday and let me tell you, I LOVED it. Is spacious, looks amazing, you feel welcome from the moment you step inside. It doesn’t matter if you’re a beginner or have had some experience before, the coaches and professors put all their energy on you to succeed in ever movement and class. Very grateful for them, and the school, which I didn’t know I needed this sports so bad (especially after a day at work)

 Remy, on google

 Amazing place for kids and adults to learn Jiu-Jitsu. Our kids have been coming to Gracie Barra for just over a year now, and it is the only sport they have stuck with for longer than 6 months or year-round. This location seems nice, and they have many features still being built. Can't wait to see the final product! The coaches are very friendly and professional. They understand customer service and, most importantly, they feel like our kids' second parents. They reinforce being kind and respectful while also teaching the art of self-defense.

 Sabrila, on google

 When my 7 yr old son started lessons at GB Leesburg he loves every minute of it. Of all sports and activities in there, been his favorite thus far. All the staff immediately make you feel welcome and the professors/coacs make sure to show every student who attends the attentions that they need. The class helps build confidence while also teaching discipline in positive way which helps students better themselves physically and intellectually. Lastly, it’s a awesome class to learn self defense skills.
