---
source_url: http://www.americanblackbelt.com
final_url: https://www.americanblackbelt.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:04.225Z
---

CALL TODAY FOR YOUR FREE TRIAL!

 # MYLOGO Call Us

 - HOME ABOUT US OUR STAFF OUR FACILITY BLACK BELT NEWS SPECIALS AND UPCOMING EVENTS CONTACT US - ADULT MARTIAL ARTS AMERICAN KENPO KARATE BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU BOXING/KICKBOXING PERSONAL TRAINING - KIDS MARTIAL ARTS TINY TIGERS KIDS AMERICAN KARATE KIDS BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU KIDS BOXING/KICKBOXING AFTER SCHOOL PROGRAM DAY CAMPS SUMMER CAMP 2026 BIRTHDAY PARTIES - LIGHTS OUT BOXING NY - SCHEDULE TINY TIGERS LITTLE DRAGONS KIDS BJJ/KICKBOXING JUNIOR BLACK BELTS LIGHTS OUT BOXING NY FULL ADULT PROGRAM ADULT KENPO AND BOXING/KICKBOXING ADULT BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU - More AFTER SCHOOL PROGRAM DAY CAMPS SUMMER CAMP 2026

 WELCOME TO THE

 AMERICAN BLACK BELT ACADEMY

 # SCHOOL OF SELF DEFENSE
 # MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING FOR ADULTS AND KIDS IN MASSAPEQUA PARK, NY
 AGES 3 1/2 AND UP!

 BUILDING STRONG BODIES AND MINDS SINCE 1994

 CLICK HERE TO GET INTO THE BEST SHAPE OF YOUR LIFE!

 $79 Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Intro Special
 Click Here for More Info

 CALL TODAY FOR YOUR FREE TRIAL!

 Call Us

 # LONG ISLAND'S #1 SELF DEFENSE # AND FITNESS CENTER
 The American Black Belt Academy in Massapequa Park, NY is one of the top Mixed Martial Arts schools in the country. We specialize in the most effective Self Defense strategies through the teaching of American Kenpo Karate, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Kickboxing. In addition to self-defense training, our Lights Out Boxing fitness program is guaranteed to get you into the best shape of your life. Plus we offer an After School Program and Summer Camp. We truly offer something for everyone! Programs are available for children as young as 3 1/2 years old!

 NOW CELEBRATING 31 YEARS SERVING THE MASSAPEQUA COMMUNITY!

 CLICK HERE FOR CLASS SCHEDULES

 # SELF DEFENSE TRAINING
 Founded in 1994 by Tom and Lorraine LoVarco in Massapequa Park, The American Black Belt Academy has now become one of the largest training facilities on Long Island with a trusted reputation for producing the finest martial artists in the country. Our staff is well-trained and prepared to handle all skill levels and ages, taking care to address each individual’s needs throughout their training. Please continue browsing our site to get a complete idea of all the programs that we offer.

 For more information or to schedule a class with our instructors please contact us in Massapequa Park by phone at
 516-795-8531.

 FOR MORE INFORMATION

 ON OUR PROGRAMS GIVE US A CALL! 516-795-8531

 ### Contact Us NAME
 EMAIL
 PHONE
 MESSAGE

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 ### Follow Us American Black Belt Academy /
 4875 Merrick Rd, Massapequa Park, NY 11762
 Call Us
 Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . NYDailyNews.com . All rights reserved.

 Share by:
