---
source_url: https://worcestermma.com
final_url: https://worcestermma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:11.629Z
---

try the martial art taking the country by storm fastest-growing mma gym in New England join the 30-Days For $40

 # all ages

 # all goals

 There’s a reason Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the world’s fastest growing martial art. Whether your goals are related to fitness, self-defense, or competition, you’ll find what you’re looking for on our mats.

 Our Schedule

 # achieve your

 # personal best

 Our deep bench of coaches will help you reach your goals, whether you want to become a competitive fighter or just stay in shape.

 About Us

 # instill discipline

 # & responsibility

 Enroll your child in one of our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu programs. BJJ is on its way to becoming the biggest martial arts programs for kids & teens in the world.
 Equip your child with the skills & confidence they need to excel both in every-day life and the transition to our adult grappling program.

 Start Your Child's 30-Day Trial

 # 30-day trial

 # only $40

 # we look forward

 # to meeting you!

 With our 30 day trial, you’ll participate in small classes with other students just starting out on their martial arts journey.

 Classes focus on fundamental grappling techniques + skills and are intended for beginners of all ages and levels of fitness. Each class has multiple instructors on the mat and your trial includes a private lesson from one of our instructors.

 There’s no better time to start than now.
