---
source_url: https://spiritoftheheart.org/indonesian-silat-classes
final_url: https://www.spiritoftheheart.org/indonesian-silat-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:33.070Z
---

Spirit of the Heart believes everyone deserves the opportunity to learn and grow in the martial arts, regardless of financial circumstances. We’re committed to making our classes accessible to all. so if you are facing financial challenges. please reach out and we’ll work with you to find a solution that allows you to join us and begin your martial arts journey.

 # Indonesian Silat Classes Silat is well known for being a very “raw” martial art, with dynamic strikes, and movements that are designed to get right to the point! It is a full range martial art that has the goal of the practitioner being able to fight back, and move from all positions. One could expect to learn:
 - Strikes and techniques while standing, and on the ground - Pins - Takedowns - Knife techniques - Empty hand, and weapon forms - Self-defense techniques against common attacks - And much more!
 In this art learning to be spontaneous, creative, and intuitive are key. Using the movements of the four animals (monkey, tiger, snake, and crane), we learn a variety of different movements and tactics as we progress through the martial art. Each animal helps to teach us another aspect of how to defend ourselves, while also allowing us to grow into the person we want to become.
 Students are encouraged to both challenge and take good care of themselves. Classes are offered at beginning, intermediate, and advanced levels. To receive the most benefits from this class we recommend you train a minimum of two classes per week.
 Have questions? Click Here to visit our FAQ page.

 Sign Up For A FREE Trial Class
 Sign Up For A FREE Trial Class

 ## Schedule

 Tuesdays : 5:30pm - 7:00pm (Beginning Adults)
 Thursdays: 6:30pm - 8:00pm (Beginning Adults)
 Saturdays: 12:00pm - 1:30pm (All Levels)

 ## Benefits

 - Physical Fitness: cardiovascular conditioning, muscle toning and building, coordination, balance, and flexibility. - Verbal Self-Defense: setting limits, confident tone of voice, and conflict resolution. - Physical Self-Defense: maneuvers against common grabs, foot and hand techniques, and falls and blocks. - Inner Awareness: breath and meditation, body language, and Qi Gong.

 ## Prices

 - One month of one weekly class: $80 - One month of two weekly classes: $120 - One month of three weekly classes: $145

 “Spirit of the Heart is a top-notch Martial Arts school that lets its students blaze their own path while still serving as strong and excellent guidance. It strikes the perfect balance of valuing its students' individuality and creativity while still teaching them a martial arts style. It is an open, kind, and wonderful community that will make you feel welcome and likely have a huge impact on your life and happiness.” — Joe Mascis

 “I feel like I found the judgement free zone, it’s hard for a 47 yo to hang with teens and twenty something’s but Morgan’s energy is contagious. It’s fun to get taught by him, no two classes are ever the same.” - Gary Wilson

 “Silat has been a part of how I take care of myself for six years now. The combination of physical learning and conditioning, and the mindset of self defense and confidence is empowering. My Silat time is an opportunity to let go of life’s stresses and constraints, and there is so much to explore in this art form that each class is different from the last. I have gained better core strength and endurance as I get older, rather than less, and every week I get to spend time with a great community of people. I feel rejuvenated after every class and ready to take on the world, once again.” - Jen Williams

 See More Testimonials
 See More Testimonials
