---
source_url: http://lacrosseajj.com/schedule.html
final_url: https://www.lacrosseajj.com/schedule.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:18.714Z
---

## Schedule

 ### Schedule For AJJ
 Stop in for your first class at American Jiu Jitsu!
 Open mats on Saturdays are free and welcome to everyone!
 New to Jiu Jitsu? We offer a free first class to cover the basics and extend a warm welcome to you as part of our American Jiu Jitsu Family.
 Questions? Email Us

 ## Looking for Women's Self Defense? ### Join our empowering Women's Self-Defense Class and take the first step towards personal safety and confidence! In today's world, it's vital to be prepared for any situation, and our class is designed specifically with women in mind. Our program focuses on practical, easy-to-learn techniques that are effective in real-world scenarios. ### Whether you're a complete beginner or looking to enhance your existing skills, our classes provide a supportive and encouraging environment for women of all ages and fitness levels. You'll learn how to recognize potential threats, assert boundaries, and defend yourself against physical attacks. ### Every Thursday @5pm.

 ## New to Jiu Jitsu? ### Stop in for your first class for free! Check the schedule page to see which time works best for you! ### During this first free class we'll start by familiarizing you with some of the unique terminology, addressing all the frequently asked questions, and extending a warm welcome to you as part of our American Jiu Jitsu family. ### Be sure to stay hydrated! Schedule Page
