---
source_url: http://lacrosseajj.com/index.html
final_url: https://www.lacrosseajj.com/index.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:18.832Z
---

# La Crosse American Jiu Jitsu Buddies Over Bullies

 ## About Our Academy

 ### Our Community
 La Crosse American Jiu Jitsu offers a fun, clean, and safe environment for both adults and kids to learn and train in jiu-jitsu. We pride ourselves on having some of the friendliest members in the community.

 ### Stress Relief
 We encourage you to stop by and greet your new training partners. Discover firsthand how Jiu Jitsu can help you handle stress with ease, improve your breathing, and enhance your sleep quality.

 ### Personal Growth
 Forge lifelong friendships on the mat as you progress from a white to a black belt. The journey is as much about personal growth as it is about martial arts proficiency.

 ### Inclusive Classes
 No matter your age or lifestyle, La Crosse American Jiu Jitsu has a class for you. We offer specialized classes for Adults, Women, and Children, along with an open gym time on Saturday.

 ## Location ### LA CROSSE AMERICAN JIU JITSU ### 705 State Street, La Crosse, WI, 54601 ### Contacts: ### info@lacrosseajj.com ### 608-606-4129 Questions? Email Us

 ## Outside Gym ### LA CROSSE AMERICAN JIU JITSU

 ## New to Jiu Jitsu? ### Stop in for your first class for free! Check the schedule page to see which time works best for you! ### During this first free class we'll start by familiarizing you with some of the unique terminology, addressing all the frequently asked questions, and extending a warm welcome to you as part of our American Jiu Jitsu family. ### Be sure to stay hydrated! Schedule Page

 ## Looking for Women's Self Defense? ### Join our empowering Women's Self-Defense Class and take the first step towards personal safety and confidence! In today's world, it's vital to be prepared for any situation, and our class is designed specifically with women in mind. Our program focuses on practical, easy-to-learn techniques that are effective in real-world scenarios. ### Whether you're a complete beginner or looking to enhance your existing skills, our classes provide a supportive and encouraging environment for women of all ages and fitness levels. You'll learn how to recognize potential threats, assert boundaries, and defend yourself against physical attacks. ### Every Thursday @5pm.

 ## Apparel Partner ### Known for their durability and aesthetic designs, these rash guards combine functionality with style, catering to both the serious athlete and the fitness-minded individual. With a focus on innovative materials and fit, Heavy Handed Combat ensures every customer can train comfortably and with confidence. It's the go-to spot for those looking to enhance their performance gear. HeavyHandedCombat.com

 ## Gallery

 Previous Next

 ## Testimonials
