---
source_url: http://www.redemptionjj.com
final_url: https://redemptionjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:21.066Z
---

# Redemption Jiu Jitsu #### Transparency & Respect Get FREE Week!

 ##### Free Week Trial ×

 #### Welcome to ## Redemtion Jiu Jitsu
 Welcome to Redemption Jiu Jitsu, where competition and self-improvement meet. We welcome people of all ages to start their martial arts journey with us. Whether you train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a family activity or want to be a champion, we’ll help you achieve your goals. While we guide you on your journey, we’ll build a foundation for self-defense. With the techniques and skills you learn, you’ll gain the confidence you need to succeed on and off the mat. We are more than just a BJJ school in San Angelo, Texas—we’re a lifestyle improvement.

 ## New Special Offer #### Sign up today and get a FREE TRIAL for a full week!

 Sign Up Today!
 ##### Free Week Trial ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Redemption Jiu Jitsu in San Angelo, Texas welcomes everyone to train with an open mind. We do not approach martial arts with aggression, but with encouragement. Our instructors take their time to walk you through each technique. We value transparency and respect with every interaction and lesson. You will never feel blindsided when it comes to pricing, fees, or even the curriculum. All of this is in keeping with our philosophy that a top-quality Jiu Jitsu school is born from honesty.
 Martial arts classes are an excellent form of lifestyle improvement for all ages and genders. Unlike other extracurricular activities, you aren’t just exercising. You’ll also learn self-defense skills that help with bully prevention and gaining confidence. You’ll discover your own strengths and overcome your weaknesses. Feel empowered through Redemption Jiu Jitsu.
 #### Our History: Owners Zac Marshall, Patrick Lindsey along with head coach Conrad Duran opened Redemption Jiu Jitsu in Fall 2022 with a goal of bringing Jiu Jitsu to San Angelo. They wanted to break away from the norm and carefully construct a positive learning environment for all individuals. The three of them strive to give students the education they deserve with consistent training and clarity. Redemption Jiu Jitsu stands for a new start centered around respect and transparency. As Redemption Jiu Jitsu continues to grow, they strive to make the community feel safer by teaching self-defense and Jiu Jitsu in San Angelo.
 Learn More!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Confidence Jiu Jitsu empowers you to live a confident life. We believe that confidence is a lifelong trait that unlocks success.

 ##### Inclusive Children, women, and all individuals are welcome to train at Redemption Jiu Jitsu. We encourage you to find your own strength and to live confidently.

 ##### Family Redemption Jiu Jitsu is a community-based martial arts school where we put each other first. We push one another to succeed and celebrate our achievements together.

 ##### Development Whether you are a competitor or a family training together, you’ll be a part of something greater. Grow amongst your peers to become the best version of yourself.

 ##### Perseverance Jiu Jitsu training challenges you to overcome adversities. This skill directly applies to situations in school, work, and life.

 ##### Lots of Fun! Don’t get us wrong, mastering a martial art is hard. But above everything else, it’s fun! Nothing is as fulfilling as perfecting a technique or acing a sparring combination and being cheered on by your instructor and classmates.

 #####

 ## Take a Look Inside!

 ## Testimonials

 Great coaching and plenty of opportunity to ask questions and get the move-of-the-day down. Everyone was very friendly and welcoming.

 Luke C.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 I can't emphasize enough how much I enjoy training at Redemption JJ and how grateful I am to have a high level program like this here in my hometown of San Angelo.

 Cody G.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 What great people!!! The instructors were very informative and patient. Great gym, can’t wait to come back when I’m in town again.

 Brandon A.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The level of instruction and knowledge of the coaches is top notch. Couldn’t be happier with my decision to train here.

 Jaymee I.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 We love that Redemption offers a Space for every everyone to train Jiujitsu! Kids, adults, women, men, competitors and hobbyists all are welcome!

 Mamabyrd B..
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ### Contact Us Today! Redemption Jiu Jitsu has everything… except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (325) 617-2881
 zac.marshall@redemptionjj.com
 133 E Concho Ave, San Angelo, TX 76903
 Get Directions

 ### Redemption Jiu Jitsu 133 E Concho Ave, San Angelo, TX 76903
 Get Directions
