---
source_url: https://www.capitalcitymmabjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=4729290631072017071
final_url: https://www.capitalcitymmabjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=4729290631072017071
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:52.457Z
---

Madison's Original

 # Mixed Martial Arts & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Home of the Chosen Few Fight Team

 Free Trial

 - Once a Week Class$100100$Every monthOpen to BJJ & MMA Classes, Once per Week 7 day free trialStart Free Trial - Unlimited Classes$150150$Every monthCome to any of our classes, up to 6 days a week. Select

 Features
 ## Capital City MMA & BJJ
 Join Capital City MMA & BJJ, the most decorated and knowledgeable MMA gym in the Madison Area! We offer MMA, BJJ no gi and gi classes from experienced coaches. We have structured programs for all experience levels.

 Join today >
 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Featuring black-belt instruction with 20+ years of experience. BJJ is perfect for those that want to begin or expand their martial arts knowledge. All skill levels welcome.

 ### Mixed Martial Arts
 Looking to take your martial arts skills to the next level? Capital City Features Madison's premier MMA training . Train with the best in the Madison area.

 ### Chosen Few Fight Team
 Our fight team has competed in the biggest promotions in the world; UFC, Bellator MMA, PFL, & ONE FC.

 About
 ## ABOUT US
 At Capital City MMA we provide everyone with world-class jiu jitsu and MMA instruction. Our classes are taught by the most experienced coaches in the Madison area. Home of the Chosen Few Fight Team, our fighters and coaches have been participants in the biggest MMA organizations in the world, including the UFC, Bellator MMA, PFL, ONE Championship and many other national and international promotions.
 We strive to provide an environment that’s welcoming and encouraging for those who are professional MMA athletes and those that are trying jiu jitsu or MMA for the first time. Our members come from all walks of life, and everyone is welcome. We realize that starting MMA or jiu jitsu as a beginner can be daunting. That’s why we offer a variety of beginner Jiu Jitsu and MMA classes, which will ease you into either or both sports!
 Opened in 2008, Our gym has grown from a first of its kind, small fight gym to a well-respected MMA and Jiu Jitsu Academy. Continue our story with us!

 Try for free

 Pictures
 ## Gallery

 Pricing
 # Membership Pricing
 #### $125 per month
 Become a Member!
 #### $20 per class drop in
 Pay for Class Drop In
 Additional Information:
 - 1st class at our gym is always free to try - No Membership contracts - No mandatory uniform purchases - Absolutely no pressure sale tactics - All classes included (Beginners are urged to start with the beginner classes) - Access to our in-house gym equipment

 #### Kid's Mixed Martial Arts (ages 5-12)
 Register Now - Start Any Time

 Schedule
 # Class Schedule
 Classes

 ## Class Descriptions
 MMA Fundamentals
 MMA Advanced
 MMA Thai Boxing
 Chosen Few Fight Team Sparring
 Wrestling
 Nogi Jiu Jitsu - Fundamentals
 Nogi Jiu Jitsu - Advanced
 Nogi Jiu Jitsu - Women's
 Gi Jiu Jitsu
 Kid's Mixed Martial Arts

 ###### MMA Advanced Class is fast paced without a lot of discussion on individual techniques. Expect positional drilling and live practice. Participants should have a decent knowledge of all 3 disciplines of MMA; striking, wrestling, and Jiu Jitsu. Amateur and professional MMA fighters are encouraged to participate.

 ###### Nogi Jiu Jitsu - Advanced This class enables you to develop a more complete individualized game. Advanced and more modern techniques will be introduced through detailed explanation and demonstration. Positional, situational, and live grappling will often take place during this class. All skill levels welcome, however beginners may struggle with the fast paced class structure, but are encouraged to come partake or watch!

 ###### Nogi Jiu Jitsu - Fundamentals This class will prepare you to participate in the more advanced Jiu Jitsu and MMA classes. You will learn the most basic Jiu Jitsu techniques and concepts that are essential for advanced grappling training and competing.

 ###### Wrestling Wrestling class with an emphasis on MMA and submission grappling techniques. In this class you’ll learn essential wrestling fundamentals that will carry over to MMA and Jiu Jitsu competitions. Both beginners and experienced fighters are encouraged to participate.

 ###### MMA Thai Boxing Thai boxing with an emphasis on compatibility for the sport of MMA. Taught in a safe, inclusive environment, both beginners and experienced fighters are encouraged to participate. Striking class is taught in a way all skill levels will benefit from the instruction.

 ###### MMA Fundamentals MMA broken down into the detailed elements of the sport. This is a great class for anyone wanting to try MMA for the first time or for curre nt fighters wanting to hone their technique. This class focuses on basic striking and wrestling structure and technique. Both beginners and experienced fighters are encouraged to participate.

 ###### Nogi Jiu Jitsu - Women's All the same great nogi Jiu Jitsu training you’d expect at our gym, but with women instruction and for women only. This class is to provide all ladies; regardless of experience, a safe and positive space to build and refine their technique. Open to ladies with any experience level.

 ###### Gi Jiu Jitsu Jiu Jitsu practiced in a Gi. During this training session, we’ll cover fundamental and advanced techniques and scenarios common to competition. Class is often finished with live grappling and drilling. All skill levels and belt ranks welcome.

 ###### Chosen Few Fight Team Sparring - Invite Only Live sparring that is open to fighters or experienced MMA practitioners. Not sure you should attend? Ask any of our coaches.

 ###### Kid's Mixed Martial Arts Join our Kids Mixed Martial Arts classes for ages 5-12! This fun and engaging class teaches self-discipline, confidence, and builds strength in a safe environment. Join any time! Classes will be held on Wednesdays at 5:30 PM and Saturdays at 9 AM. The cost is just $100/month. Register online here .

 Contact
 ## Get in Touch
 4125 Terminal Dr. #110
 McFarland, WI 53558

 Call or Text
 Kain: 608-213-0524
 Mark: 920-988-7621

 train@capitalcitymmabjj.com

 - -

 FAQ
 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 ## Frequently asked questions
 Capital City MMA & BJJ

 ### Why choose Capital City MMA & BJJ?

 Capital City MMA is the most decorated and knowledgeable MMA gym in the Madison Area. Our BJJ gi and no gi classes are taught by some of the most experienced coaches in the Midwest. We welcome everyone and strive to give students individual attention to succeed in whatever MMA or BJJ goal they may have. At Capital City there is no hierarchal structure that places our coaches above their students everyone respects everyone. There is no bowing, no calling the coach professor, no mandatory uniforms, and the warmups are not long-winded calisthenics designed to take up time over detailed instruction and work. Our drills and training are engaging and help newer students pick up fundamental moves faster, thus progressing your journey in MMA and Jiu Jitsu more efficiently.

 - - - -

 ### What do I bring to my first class?

 If possible, please arrive 15 minutes early so that you can meet the staff and instructors, sign a waiver if you haven’t already, etc.

 For the MMA and no gi Jiu Jitsu classes please plan on wearing shorts and a t-shirt. We recommend a mouthguard, groin protection and rashguards as well if you have them.

 For gi Jiu Jitsu classes please bring your gi (We do not care what patches are on your gi). If you do not have one we'll try to provide you with a loaner gi, otherwise shorts and a t-shirt is fine to start.

 - - - -

 ### Do I need any prior experience or martial arts training?

 Everyone is welcome, with or without experience. The only exception are the classes listed as "Invite Only". We pride ourselves on creating an inclusive environment where someone that is simply curious can come learn from some of the best, judgment free. It can be intimidating to start something new, and MMA and BJJ is no exception to this, but we are here for your journey.

 - - - -

 ### Where can I find a class schedule?

 To find a complete list of all our class offerings, please click here .

 - - - -

 ### Can I try a class for free?

 Yes, we offer a free trial at our gym to individuals new to the area or sport.

 - - - -

 ### How much does Capital City MMA & BJJ cost?

 $125 per month/$20 per class drop in
 -1st day at our gym is always free to try (unless visiting from another gym)
 -No Membership contracts
 -No mandatory uniform purchases
 -Absolutely no pressure sale tactics
 -All classes included (Beginners are urged to start with the beginner classes)
 -Access to our in-house gym equipment

 - - - -

 ### Are there any costs outside of the monthly rates?

 No. You may want to purchase some of our in house gear and/or uniforms, but that is completely optional.

 - - - -

 ### What are your class drop-in fees?

 You can join any single class for $20.

 - - - -

 ### Do I need to be in shape?

 No. This is a GREAT tool to get into shape without realizing it, but you do not need to be in any specific shape to get started. The courses will be hard and it will challenge you, but it won't feel like a typical day at a gym. Come as you are and take from it what you would like.

 - - - -

 ### How do I become a member of the Chosen Few Fight Team?

 First, come to the gym and train! Second, express to one of the coaches you'd like to compete and when you're ready we'll provide you with possible opportunities.

 - - - -

 ### Did we forget something? Just Ask!

 Send us an email at train@capitalcitymmabjj.com, call/text us at 608-213-0524 or 920-988-7621 or contact us through social media.

 - - - -
