---
source_url: https://advancedbkj.com/home
final_url: https://advancedbkj.com/home
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.010Z
---

- Home - EVENTS - TESTIMONIALS - STORE - CONTACT US - Classes OfferedPrivate ClassesBrazilian Jiu-JitsuKids Programs (Jiu-Jitsu)Cardio KickboxingKrav Maga/Self-DefenseSelf-Defense for Men & WomenBoxing/ Muay ThaiMMA TrainingFull Class Schedule - Seminars by Butch HilesCorporate Self-DefenseAnti-Bullying SeminarsRape-Safe ClassesCollege Safety ClassesSelf-Defense for Men & WomenBrazilian Jiu-Jitsu SeminarsMMA SeminarsPrivate Classes - News/Updates - Butch Hiles BJJ AffiliatesJoin Our BJJ Affiliation - HowKentuckyAshland, KYFlatwoods, KYVersailles, KYOhioPortsmouth, OHNevadaLas Vegas, NVVirginiaAbingdon, VABlackstone, VAFarmville, VAMidlothian, VAWest VirginiaBeckley, WVBluefield, WVLogan, WVOak Hill, WVOceana, WVParkersburg, WVWeirton, WV

 - Home - EVENTS - TESTIMONIALS - STORE - CONTACT US - Classes OfferedPrivate ClassesBrazilian Jiu-Jitsu / No GiKids Brazilian Jiu-JitsuCardio KickboxingBoxing/ Muay ThaiKrav Maga/Self-DefenseSelf-Defense for Men & WomenMMA TrainingFull Class Schedule - News/Updates - Seminars by Butch HilesCorporate Self-DefenseAnti-Bullying SeminarsRape-Safe ClassesCollege Safety ClassesSelf-Defense for Men & WomenBrazilian Jiu-Jitsu SeminarsMMA SeminarsPrivate Classes - Butch Hiles BJJ AffiliatesJoin Our Affiliation - How toKentuckyAshland, KYFlatwoods, KYVersailles, KYOhioPortsmouth, OHNevadaLas Vegas, NVVirginiaAbingdon, VABlackstone, VAFarmville, VAMarion, VAMidlothian, VAWest VirginiaBeckley, WVBluefield, WVLogan, WVOak Hill, WVOceana, WVParkersburg, WVWeirton, WV

 SCHEDULE

 # Butch Hiles Brazilian # Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, LLC

 ## Featuring Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Youth Classes, Cardio Classes, ## Self-Defense, Kickboxing, Boxing, MMA & More!

 # Butch Hiles Brazilian # Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, LLC

 ## Featuring Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Cardio Classes, ## Self-Defense, Kickboxing, Krav Maga, MMA & More!

 We are a fun, family-oriented environment, that is designed to help each member achieve maximum health benefits and martial arts knowledge that will last them a lifetime.
 We have members that range from youth to seniors, professionals to students, and members looking for a fun, rewarding, hobby as well as athletes looking to compete. We can fit all of these wide ranges of people into one group because we all share the same common goal, and that is just to get as good as we can at a sport that we love, while helping others achieve the same goal.
 Our Main location is in Charleston, West Virginia. However, we have additional locations throughout WV, VA, OH, NV, and NC. We also have friends around the state and country that can help you train and meet your needs.

 ### Now offering the Hope Scholarship to those who qualify

 Do you have three or more family members wanting to join? Our unbelievable family discount is the same price as many gyms single membership.
 Ask us about details now.

 # Butch Hiles Brazilian # Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, LLC

 ## Featuring Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Cardio Classes, Self-Defense, Kickboxing, Krav Maga, MMA & More!

 We are a fun, family oriented environment, that is designed to help each member achieve maximum health benefits and martial arts knowledge that will last them a life time.
 We have members that range from youth to seniors, professionals to students, and members looking for a fun, rewarding, hobby as well as athletes looking to compete. We can fit all of these wide ranges of people into one group because we all share the same common goal, and that is just to get as good as we can at a sport that we love, while helping others achieve the same goal.
 Our Main location is in Charleston, West Virginia. However, we have additional locations throughout WV, VA, OH, NV, and NC. We also have friends around the state and country that can help you train and meet your needs.

 ### Testimonials

 I got station with the military in Charleston in 2010 I started looking for a gym here and quickly was pointed in Butch's direction by multiple military people already assigned here. I have been to gyms across the country and I can tell you that you will not find better and more honest people than Butch and his staff. They truly care about helping people. I highly recommend them for anyone looking to train in BJJ or just looking to get in better shape and some fun doing so.

 Jared Thames

 I began training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu while in college in June 2017 because I wanted to learn a new skill and try something that seemed unique. I never had an athletic background before starting and the instructors, including Butch himself, have been nothing but kind, patient, and informative since day one. I went from training there one day a week to now five days a week, not only because I enjoy the challenge and workout of BJJ, but also because the environment is always positive and coming to class will easily turn your day around for the better.

 Ethan Jones

 I started training here In Muay Thai back in my Junior year of high school in 2017 and honestly it’s the best gym ever. I’ve been here for a little over a year and I now do BJJ, needless to say Butch is a awesome instructor, Benji is a awesome instructor and so is the rest of the guys who are here! It’s not just a gym to me but also it’s like my second home and they treat me like family and I look up to Benji and Butch because they are great mentors as well.

 Dylan Koockogey

 ### Podcast

 Listen to Spotify

 ### Watch Our Videos

 Watch on Youtube

 410 Summers Street
 Charleston, WV 25301

 advancedbkj@gmail.com

 (304) 549-9370

 Please email us with any questions for the fastest response.

 © 2009 Butch Hiles Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & MMA, LLC – Charleston, WV
