---
source_url: https://10thplanetvancouver.com/privacy-policy
final_url: https://10thplanetvancouver.com/privacy-policy
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:47.154Z
---

# Privacy Policy 10th Planet Vancouver is a product of 10th Planet Vancouver. “10th Planet Vancouver”. 10th Planet Vancouver respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information that you provide to us. This statement explains our policies and practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information by 10th Planet Vancouver. Please note that 10th Planet Vancouver reviews and updates this Privacy Policy occasionally as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review this policy's terms periodically to ensure that you are aware of how 10th Planet Vancouver collects and uses personal information. Using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by 10th Planet Vancouver, as explained below.
 Personal Information
 You have complete control over your personal information. You can visit our website without providing us with any personal information. However, there are instances where we must have your personal information for us to grant you access to our protected and secured sites. This information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information request data, and response data (“user Information”). When you receive your confirmation email or any email from the list server, you will be given instructions on removing yourself from the list.
 We may collect personal information through:
 Forms: Including order forms, sign-up forms, and contact forms.
 Email: Customer service inquiries, complaints, etc.
 Cookies: Including on your website and Facebook Page.
 Our lead generation ads may be used for various purposes, including newsletter/marketing/blog signups (email address, name), new member outreach (email address, name), and possible professional partnership or franchise outreach (email address, name). We may collect this information through our website and social media platforms and use third-party cookies to aid in this (described in detail below).
 Use of User Information
 We intend to use such information to support your relationship with 10th Planet Vancouver by designing website content suitable for your needs and alerting you to new product and service offerings as they become available. This user Information may be retained by 10th Planet Vancouver to verify compliance with the agreement between 10th Planet Vancouver and you, to keep track of the domains from which people visit us, to create a user profile to better serve you or to simply contact you either electronically or otherwise. If you decide that we should not use your personal user Information to contact you, please let us know, and we will not use that information for such purpose. However, please do not submit any user Information if you are less than 18 years of age.
 Disclosure of user Information
 10th Planet Vancouver does not sell, trade, or transfer user Information to third parties. We also disclose user Information if: we have your consent; we need to share it to provide you with the products and/or services you requested; we respond to a court order or you violate our Terms of Use. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for 10th Planet Vancouver offerings, to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information to these third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.
 We use Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interests Reporting to advertise online. Websites and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to a website. Our website also uses third-party vendors, including Google and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our website. To opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features, you can use this tool for the web: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
 Accuracy and Security
 The accuracy and security of the user Information are important to 10th Planet Vancouver. Currently, you may review and request updates to your User Information retained by contacting 10th Planet Vancouver. If you contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such inaccuracies in a timely manner. 10th Planet Vancouver is concerned with the security of your user Information and is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of that personal information. To that end, we have put in place the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial policies and procedures to secure your personal User Information. We also implement procedures to maintain accurate, complete, and current user information.
 Usernames and Passwords
 Access to certain content on our website may be allowed under an agreement between you and
 10th Planet Vancouver and will require a username and/or password. In some cases, failure to provide personal information may prevent you from accessing certain 10th Planet Vancouver website(s) containing certain confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers (“10th Planet Vancouver Offerings”). By accessing and using our protected and secured website(s), you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you selected to access such site(s) and consent to our Terms of Use ({{custom_values.zp__website}}/terms-of-service).
 Cookies
 10th Planet Vancouver uses “cookies”. A cookie is a small data file that a website can transfer to a visitor’s hard drive to keep records of the visits to such a site. A cookie contains information such as your username and password, which helps us recognize your visited pages and improve future visits. Still, the only personal information a cookie can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot read data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies may be encrypted. However, we do not store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser to warn you before accepting cookies or refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. However, access to some of our secured website(s) may require cookies, so you must enable only cookies that get sent back to the originating server. Otherwise, you can still access most of the features on our website, even without accepting a cookie.
 Facebook Pixel Notice
 With your permission, our website utilizes the Facebook Pixel service of Facebook Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA
 (“Facebook”). This tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to a provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. Thus, we can record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes. Using this data also allows us to improve our advertising for a better experience for the users and also retarget you with further advertising on Facebook and the use of Custom Audiences. You can find more information about and revoke your permission here: https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/
 However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. We are informing you on this matter according to our current information. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes in accordance with Facebook’s Data Use Policy found under:
 https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Facebook Pixel Tracking allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside Facebook. In addition, a cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.
 External Links
 10th Planet Vancouver website provides links to other third-party websites. Even if the third party is affiliated with 10th Planet Vancouver through a business partnership or otherwise, 10th Planet Vancouver is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only, and you access them at your own risk.
 Terms of Use
 Please also see our Terms of Service ( www.10thplanetVancouver.com/terms-of-service)
 , which describes the restrictions, disclaimers, indemnification, and limitation of liability governing the use of the entire 10th Planet Vancouver website.
 If you have questions, please contact us at www.10thplanetVancouver.com

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
