---
source_url: http://www.aomjj.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://aomjj.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:07.197Z
---

# Get Started With Indian Trail's Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes!

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Beginner Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Enrolling In April
 Here at Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu, we're proud to offer kids from Indian Trail the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Indian Trail for Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Jiu Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 ## #### Try Indian Trail's Favorite Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Indian Trail, @SecondTargetArea, and @ThirdTargetArea the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu and see the results for yourself.
 ## Just fill out the short form below to learn more about kids martial arts!
 Get more information now!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 ## Request More Information

 Large spacious facilities, friendly people in an ego free environment. If you want to be a world champion or just lose weight with the family they have programs that can help you achieve that.
 This is probably one of the more diverse gyms I’ve seen while traveling and I feel that speaks to the special ownership and atmosphere that they’ve built here.
 Check it out if you are in the area!

 Professional quality instruction, attitude, and execution. This gym is built from a passion for teaching and learning and it shows. Aaron King cares that you get better, a prefect mix of encouragement and a push, to be your best. The students are super nice and friendly, you will instantly feel at home. Don't wait until you are "fit" to start training martial arts, this place will get you started in a supportive, fun environment. Most of the members have trained elsewhere, other arts, and know what makes a good learning/training environment. This is that place.

 Great atmosphere and instruction. If you are looking for a good time and some great Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, definitely check this place out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
