---
source_url: http://www.aomjj.com/classes/Adult-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://aomjj.com/classes/Adult-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:07.522Z
---

# Jiu Jitsu Classes In Indian Trail

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Build The Best Ground Grappling Skills With Our Jiu Jitsu Classes
 Our Jiu Jitsu classes at Art of Motion Jiu Jitsu are the perfect way to combine self-defense, total-body fitness, and tons of fun throughout the process. Join us in Indian Trail today and learn from some of the best instructors in town. We are proud to work with all ages and experience levels.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 ## ## Why Are Our Jiu Jitsu Classes Right For You? Jiu Jitsu is a ground-based self-defense form that works great in real-world and competition settings. It teaches everyday men and women how to overcome bigger, stronger opponents with the help of superior leverage and technique.
 At Art of Motion Jiu Jitsu, we're proud to work with people of all experience levels, helping complete beginners master the very basics while challenging experienced students to build their skills each and every day.
 Join us in Indian Trail today for:
 - Effective takedowns and transition strategies - Tools to maintain leverage from any position - Incredible locks and holds for any size opponent - Proven submission strategies to help you come out on top
 ## PLUS, We're Challenging Your Body To Be Fitter Than Ever Before Jiu Jitsu is truly a total-body effort that can help you build functional strength and burn fat during each and every workout. We're challenging you to get the most out of your body with a dynamic workout that mixes strength training, cardiovascular endurance, and incredible athleticism.
 At Art of Motion Jiu Jitsu , you can enjoy hands-on coaching and a safe, supportive environment. We want you to feel welcomed from day one and challenged to improve your skills each and every day.
 We're helping everyone in Indian Trail:
 - Build lean, functional strength - Improve your heart health and endurance - Develop incredible speed, agility, and athleticism - Take on healthy, sustainable weight loss
 ## Don't Miss Out On Our Exciting Jiu Jitsu Classes In Indian Trail We're proud to offer high-quality Jiu Jitsu training for people all across our community and we can't wait for you to see it all for yourself. Our team at Art of Motion Jiu Jitsu is proud to help people all across Indian Trail find success.
 Come see us today or fill out the short form on your screen to learn more.

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 ## Request More Information

 Large spacious facilities, friendly people in an ego free environment. If you want to be a world champion or just lose weight with the family they have programs that can help you achieve that.
 This is probably one of the more diverse gyms I’ve seen while traveling and I feel that speaks to the special ownership and atmosphere that they’ve built here.
 Check it out if you are in the area!

 Professional quality instruction, attitude, and execution. This gym is built from a passion for teaching and learning and it shows. Aaron King cares that you get better, a prefect mix of encouragement and a push, to be your best. The students are super nice and friendly, you will instantly feel at home. Don't wait until you are "fit" to start training martial arts, this place will get you started in a supportive, fun environment. Most of the members have trained elsewhere, other arts, and know what makes a good learning/training environment. This is that place.

 Great atmosphere and instruction. If you are looking for a good time and some great Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, definitely check this place out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
