---
source_url: http://www.aomjj.com/classes/Kids-Kickboxing
final_url: https://aomjj.com/classes/Kids-Kickboxing
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:08.170Z
---

# Kids Kickboxing in Indian Trail

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Take On The Best Training In Town With Our Kids Kickboxing Classes
 Could your child use a bit more confidence? Are they in need of a better way to stay active? Are you hoping to help them find a great group of new friends?
 Well at Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu, we offer all of that and more!
 Our Kids Kickboxing classes use proven methods to help students across Indian Trail find success in all aspects of life.
 We are proud to train students of all skill levels. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about our system today.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION
 #### Our Kids Kickboxing Classes Teach Confidence, Courage, And More! Self-confidence can be one of the most important skills for a young child to develop. Some students are born with it. Others have to learn it for themselves.
 At Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu, we’re committed to helping students all across our community build the self-confidence they need to face life with courage and find success in everything they do.
 We use hands-on instruction and a step-by-step coaching system to help students develop new skills and feel great about themselves along the way.
 Our Kids Kickboxing classes here in Indian Trail are perfect for:
 - Leadership skills and communication strategies - An unwavering sense of accomplishment - Long-lasting motivation and excitement - Well-rounded character skills for all aspects of life
 #### PLUS, We’re Focused On Proven Bully Prevention Skills For All Ages Whether your child is 6 or 16, bullies are always around and always a threat.
 At Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu, we’re working hard to make sure your child knows how to stand up to a bully and avoid the threats of intimidation in any situation.
 Instead of focusing our time on how to fight or resort to physical violence, our Kids Kickboxing classes equip students with the mental and emotional skills to overcome a bully and protect vulnerable friends around them.
 We use the world of martial arts training to teach students across Indian Trail:
 - Proven conflict resolution strategies - Incredible situational awareness - Leadership skills in the face of intimidation - Effective self-defense tools as a last resort
 ## #### Don’t Miss Out On The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In All Of Indian Trail At Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu, we’re proud to offer an exciting environment where students all across our communities can challenge themselves and feel great about themselves along the way. Join us here in Indian Trail and treat your child to the best Kids Kickboxing classes in town.
 We train students of all ages and experience levels. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 ## Request More Information

 Large spacious facilities, friendly people in an ego free environment. If you want to be a world champion or just lose weight with the family they have programs that can help you achieve that.
 This is probably one of the more diverse gyms I’ve seen while traveling and I feel that speaks to the special ownership and atmosphere that they’ve built here.
 Check it out if you are in the area!

 Professional quality instruction, attitude, and execution. This gym is built from a passion for teaching and learning and it shows. Aaron King cares that you get better, a prefect mix of encouragement and a push, to be your best. The students are super nice and friendly, you will instantly feel at home. Don't wait until you are "fit" to start training martial arts, this place will get you started in a supportive, fun environment. Most of the members have trained elsewhere, other arts, and know what makes a good learning/training environment. This is that place.

 Great atmosphere and instruction. If you are looking for a good time and some great Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, definitely check this place out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
