---
source_url: http://www.aomjj.com
final_url: https://aomjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:08.515Z
---

# Putting Indian Trail Back Into Motion Jiu Jitsu. Muay Thai. Fitness. Art.

 Adult Jiu Jitsu
 Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Muay Thai/Kickboxing

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Testimonials See what people are saying about Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu

 #### See More Reviews Facebook Reviews
 ## Services Learn About the Services Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu Offer

 #### Confidence & Self-Esteem There are a wealth of benefits that come from healthy self-confidence from helping you manage fears and maintain a positive mental attitude. Train with us and you'll discover there is no better way to build your confidence then with the Martial Arts.

 #### Discipline & Self-Control With self-discipline comes all kinds of beneficial improvements to your life including advanced focus, new found respect, better health & fitness along with having an easier time at work or school. The bedrock of Martial Arts is founded on teaching discipline and self-control to its students.

 #### Self-Defense Knowledge of Self-Defense produces advantages far beyond looking cool and hoisting trophies. With these skills you'll learn to defend yourself in a variety of situations, whether life-threatening or you're being bullied in school. Not only that, but you'll gain the confidence to use - or not use - these skills to keep you and your family safe.

 #### New Friends & Mentors Our team is dedicated to your success. Whether that means pushing you to your limits, being a friend in a time of need or spending extra time to show you a technique you're struggling with, our community is here to make you feel comfortable and safe while having fun and learning effective techniques.

 Watch our Video
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Art Of Motion Jiu Jitsu
 Martial arts is our passion and we want to pass that passion on to you! At Art of Motion we are about forming a community and changing lives. Our positive and encouraging environment will be the backdrop for learning sweet techniques as well as life-saving skills. Join us today and see yourself how we mix having fun with technical instruction and why we are the best place for yourself or family to train martial arts.
 We offer Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai and fitness classes at a reasonable price in a professional and clean school. Come see us in Indian Trail today or fill out the short form on your screen to learn more. Watch our Video

 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 Cancel

 Proudly Serving All Ages And Abilities

 ## Request More Information

 Large spacious facilities, friendly people in an ego free environment. If you want to be a world champion or just lose weight with the family they have programs that can help you achieve that.
 This is probably one of the more diverse gyms I’ve seen while traveling and I feel that speaks to the special ownership and atmosphere that they’ve built here.
 Check it out if you are in the area!

 Professional quality instruction, attitude, and execution. This gym is built from a passion for teaching and learning and it shows. Aaron King cares that you get better, a prefect mix of encouragement and a push, to be your best. The students are super nice and friendly, you will instantly feel at home. Don't wait until you are "fit" to start training martial arts, this place will get you started in a supportive, fun environment. Most of the members have trained elsewhere, other arts, and know what makes a good learning/training environment. This is that place.

 Great atmosphere and instruction. If you are looking for a good time and some great Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, definitely check this place out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
