---
source_url: https://pmadojo.com
final_url: https://www.pmadojo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:15.544Z
---

BOOK A FREE INTRO

 # Ninja CampS
 Registration is open for Summer 2026 Ninja Camps for ages 6 - 12

 VIEW CAMPS

 ## Welcome to PMA
 Practical Martial Arts has been serving the Marin community for over 30 years. Located in Corte Madera, we’ve built a reputation for developing confidence, character, and community through our dojo. Our programs build fitness, focus, and create a community of genuine respect. We can't wait to meet you.
 ​
 ~Mike & Karen Valentine

 ## PMA SPOTLIGHT

 Sign Up

 ## Our Programs

 ### Adults
 Our adult programs are designed to challenge you, push your limits, and unlock your potential. Our various class offerings include:
 ​
 - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - For competition or self-defense - Striking & Kickboxing - Build cardio, power, and confidence - Self-Defense for All - Practical skills for real-life situations

 LEARN MORE

 ### Teens
 We teach teens how to stay strong in difficult situations by giving them practical tools to manage stress. Stress, when met the right way, can drive growth and resilience. Our programs provide strategies to help teens face challenges in a healthy, optimized way. Our teen class offerings include:
 ​
 - Beginner Teens (ages 12–17) - Intermediate/Advanced Teens (ages 13-17)

 LEARN MORE

 ### Kids Programs
 We help kids grow into strong, confident, respectful humans. From age 4 and up, our programs teach discipline, focus, and courage - all while having fun.
 ​
 - Little Dragons (ages 4–6) - Beginner Kids (ages 6–12)

 LEARN MORE

 ### Ninja Camps
 Ninja Camps at Practical Martial Arts offer the perfect blend of martial arts, movement, and fun. Available during fall, winter, spring, and summer breaks for interested families
 ​
 Whether your child is a returning student or brand new to PMA, our camps are designed to keep kids active, confident, and engaged while school is out.

 ### CONTACT US

 Have a few questions? Would you just like to talk to a human before booking a free lesson? Fill out this short form and we'll be in touch!
 We will never sell or share your information for any reason, ever.
