---
source_url: http://gbhayden.com/about
final_url: https://www.gbhayden.com/about
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:58.185Z
---

978 W. Hayden Ave, Hayden, ID 83835 (208) 462-0800

 Try a free class 978 W. Hayden Ave, Hayden, ID 83835

 back to home page
 ## about gracie barra Hayden
 Our journey into the world of jiu-jitsu was nothing short of serendipitous. It all started as a quest to find the perfect extracurricular activity for our son. On our way to explore another martial art, we stumbled upon Gracie Barra Jiu Jitsu, a name synonymous with excellence. Intrigued, we decided to give it a try, and from that moment, our lives were forever changed. Little did we know, it was the beginning of a remarkable transformation.
 Eli's passion for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was immediate, while I was initially hesitant, feeling somewhat out of my comfort zone. With few women in the classes at the time, I had reservations. However, Eli encouraged me to take the leap, emphasizing the value of pushing boundaries. Our decision was driven by the prospect of embracing jiu-jitsu as a family, and we haven't looked back since.
 Under the guidance of Prof. Garrett Glava, we found not just a gym but a tight-knit family. Despite living in the same rural community for 35 years, these newfound connections quickly became some of our dearest friends. The Gracie Barra community is like no other; it's a place where acceptance and camaraderie flourish.
 In August 2022, we turned our passion for BJJ into our life's purpose. Gracie Barra Hayden was born, driven by the desire to recreate the warm and inclusive atmosphere we cherished. It's more than just jiu-jitsu; it's about forging lasting bonds and friendships. We're committed to nurturing a new jiu-jitsu family right here in Hayden, Idaho.
 Life's twists and turns led us to relocate, a decision that tugged at our hearts. Leaving behind our beloved BJJ family wasn't easy; these were some of the finest individuals we'd ever met. In one heartfelt conversation with our professor, he remarked, "If you want to meet the best people in the community, open up a GB gym." With those words, our dream of gym ownership was born.

 ## Niki & Eli Brown Brown Belts
 Meet Niki and Eli Brown, the heart and soul behind Gracie Barra Hayden, your gateway to a thriving jiu-jitsu community in North Idaho.
 Try a free class 978 W. Hayden Ave, Hayden, ID 83835

 Send a message

 ## our class Schedule

 ## learn more about our academy Join us at Gracie Barra Hayden, where everyone, no matter where you're from, is welcomed with open arms and an instant sense of belonging. We're not just a gym; we're a tight crew. Together, we're building something epic.

 Embrace your journey with us. Connect today:
 (208) 462 - 0800
 Name*
 Phone*
 Email Address*
 Message*

 submit submit

 Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
