---
source_url: http://gbhayden.com
final_url: https://www.gbhayden.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:58.417Z
---

978 W. Hayden Ave, Hayden, ID 83835 (208) 462-0800

 Try a free class 978 W. Hayden Ave, Hayden, ID 83835

 Embrace Community, Integrity, and Personal Development
 # Brazilian jiu-jitsu in Hayden

 Discover a unique blend of discipline and fun in our family-focused Gracie Barra school. Experience an unparalleled sense of community, safety, and personal growth in each class.
 Try a Free Class

 Unleash your potential with Gracie Barra Hayden's unique Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu experience, fostering self-defense skills, discipline, and confidence under the guidance of our world-class instructors. Embark on a transformative journey towards health and happiness, ingrained with our core values of brotherhood/sisterhood, integrity, and personal development.
 send us a message Ready to get started? You can sign up directly below!

 ## Our Values
 ### Brotherhood/Sisterhood Gracie Barra Hayden represents a brotherhood and sisterhood, promoting mutual respect and encouragement. Join our diverse family on the mat, unified by a shared passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, as we together celebrate victories, learn from defeats, and continuously uplift each other.

 ### Integrity Integrity resonates at the heart of Gracie Barra Hayden, reflected in our steadfast commitment to honesty, fairness, and ethical conduct. As we foster an environment where righteousness is the norm, we're not just building better martial artists but better individuals, who carry these values both on and off the mat.

 ### Development At Gracie Barra Hayden, we value development and embrace the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a path to personal growth and resilience. With tailored programs and continuous support, we see every individual's journey as unique and deeply valued, making personal progression a way of life.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## our Programs
 ### Kids A fun, safe gateway to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We foster discipline and self-confidence, cultivating lifelong friendships and values. Kickstart your child's journey to health and happiness.
 ask about our kids program

 ### Adults A welcoming environment to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu that focuses on the fundamentals, while also offering classes for those more advanced, as well. Embark on your journey today.
 ask about our adults program

 ## KIDS ANTI-BULLY CLASSES Gracie Barra Hayden's Kids Anti-Bully Classes enhance lifelong confidence, teaching self-defense skills while fostering respect and resilience.
 try a free class

 ## NO-GI Classes Submission Grappling and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) classes focusing on technique, leverage, and control meet in an intense and dynamic martial arts experience.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Women’s self-defense Empowering women in a safe space, Gracie Barra Hayden's Self-Defense program enhances fitness, confidence, and teaches effective self-defense techniques.
 TAKE THE FIRST STEP TODAY

 ## MILITARY & POLICE TRAINING Providing specialized training, Gracie Barra Hayden's Military and Police program enhances tactical skills, fitness, and resilience with self-defense techniques.

 TRY A first responders CLASS

 We designed this school thinking about you. Feel the safety of practicing over an intricate system of foams and Dollamur mats. Enjoy the cleanliness of a rigorous schedule of disinfection. And experience the authenticity of the martial art from a team straight from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
 See Our Schedule

 ## Coaches Niki & Eli Brown Brown Belt Coaches
 Meet Niki and Eli Brown, the heart and soul behind Gracie Barra Hayden, your gateway to a thriving jiu-jitsu community in North Idaho.
 Send Niki & Eli A Message

 ## testimonials
 BEST IN TOWN! Gracie Barra Hayden provides a family atmosphere and is welcoming to everyone! The owners treat people like family and the instructors are very knowledgeable, patient and helpful with the kids. Highly recommend!

 We have been so impressed with the entire team at Gracie Barra in Hayden. The kids’ program is fun and encouraging while maintaining a structured group. They teach jui jitsu skills right along side respect (for themselves and others). My son loves going to jiu jitsu!

 Gracie Barra Hayden has been amazing for our entire family! Our young kids look forward to training as many times a week as possible. Not only are they learning great techniques and getting stronger, but they feel confident in their ability to compete. GB Hayden has become our second family!

 Embrace your journey with us. Connect today:
 (208) 462 - 0800
 Name*
 Phone*
 Email Address*
 Message*

 submit submit

 Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
