---
source_url: https://progressojiujitsu.com/kids-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://progressojiujitsu.com/kids-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:18.412Z
---

Optional Tagline
 # Kids Jiu-Jitsu Optional short summary. Perhaps list benefits.
 Sign Up For A Free Trial

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art for kids. The students will develop a number of valuable skillsets, both physical, technical and mental, which will benefit them in many different aspects of their lives.
 ## Life Skills In today’s digitalized society, most kids end up spending a lot of time in front of a screen, whether it is a phone, computer, tablet or a tv. This makes it even more important to make sure that they get the amount of physical activity that they need, not only for their physical health and well-being, but just as much for their ability to focus, pay attention and learn new things. In our Kids Programs we incorporate a lot of warm-up exercises and games that are designed to develop the kids’ general motor skills, coordination, balance and posture, while keeping the class fun and exciting for them. They’ll burn a lot of energy and get to do the physical activity that is so important for their development, while having a good time and making new friends.
 In Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, the kids will learn how to pay attention and listen to what the teacher’s is saying, our classes will have a relaxed and fun environment, but the students are expected to follow the teacher’s instructions, and will develop both discipline and increased ability to focus and learn new skills.
 ## Anti-Bullying The most obvious benefit of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and for many parents the main reason for wanting to put their kids in Martial Arts, is Self-Defense and Anti-Bullying. The students will learn how to defend themselves against bigger and stronger attackers very effectively. Most traditional martial arts such as Karate and Taekwondo, are based on striking techniques. One of the reasons why Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is so effective for Anti-Bullying, is that it gives the students the ability to control opponents who are much larger than themselves, without having to escalate the situation or hurt the other kid by throwing punches and kicks. They’ll learn how to control the distance, how to break free if someone grabs them, how to get up if they are pushed to the ground, how to take down and control an attacker, and how to apply submission holds if needed, which gives them the ability to pacify the attacker without causing unnecessary injury to them.
 Most bullies prey on victims that they perceive as easy targets. Because your child will learn how to defend themselves, they will have the confidence to set limits, which will make them less likely to be targeted by a potential bully. Besides learning how to defend themselves and others against bullies, they’ll be more conscious about bullying and why you shouldn’t be a bully, which will also make them much less likely to do it to others. They’ll bring the confidence that they develop in training with them into other aspects of their lives, which will be a huge benefit for them.
 ## Kids Martial Arts Classes Our Kids Jiu Jitsu Program is divided into different age groups to ensure that each class is structured in a way that makes the students enjoy the training. Our philosophy is that if the kids enjoy training, they will continue, which will mean they will eventually become skilled on the mat and learn how to defend themselves and reap the benefits that practicing Martial Arts has to offer.
 Students will learn Self-Defense techniques and anti-bullying strategies, and the most important skillsets that they will develop training Martial Arts are the skills that go beyond fighting techniques such as increased confidence, discipline, focus, camaraderie, and sportsmanship.
 Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes are for students aged 3 years and up, with the classes for the younger students having a more fun and playful approach with a lot of different Jiu Jitsu related games to keep them engaged. We want to build up their skills through play, without them thinking about it as training. The Kids Jiu Jitsu classes for the older kids are more similar to the adult classes, and we also have an advanced class for those kids that want to learn more and compete.
