---
source_url: http://www.norcobjj.com
final_url: http://norcobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:23.861Z
---

# Beginner Classes Enrolling Now! BJJ in Norco Teaches Discipline & Self Confidence! Welcome to C-Quence Jiu-Jitsu. If you are looking to lose weight, learn self-defense, build self confidence, and get your self back in shape, then you have come to the right place to learn the great art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We are a friendly environment and most importantly we care about our students. We offer classes for men, women, teenagers, and kids. Come on in and be apart of the C-Quence Family and C-Quence Competition Team. Check out our school and take a free trial class to try out our program. You will not be disappointed!
 Defeat Much Larger Opponents
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a Martial Arts Discipline that uses elements of Judo, Wrestling, and Ground fighting. If you are a smaller fighter learn special emphasis on a variety of techniques that can help defeat much larger opponents using a combination of grappling, choke holds, and joint locks. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu offers a system of self defense that also focuses on physical and spiritual fitness.
 Pewee’s Kids BJJ Classes
 Pewee’s Kids class now available ages 4yr.-6yr. old Tuesday’s & Thursday’s 5:00pm-5:45pm.
 -Private Classes: We also offer private classes for 3 year olds. These private classes will lay a solid foundation for their Jiu-Jitsu. Through specialized small drills kids at this age will develop coordination, balance and gross motor skills.
 Men & Women’s Fitness Classes
 We now have Men & Women’s Fitness Classes Tuesday’s & Thursday’s 5:50pm-6:35pm. Requirements for this class are required -Bulgarian Bag, Kettle bells, Medicine Ball, & Jump Rope.
 -Private Classes: Our champion instructors offer private sessions for adults, women, kids BJJ, boxing and specialized Strength and conditioning.
 If you live in the surrounding cities of Corona, Riverside, Eastvalle or Mira Loma you are close enough to train with us.
