---
source_url: https://lincolnjiujitsuacademy.com
final_url: https://lincolnjiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:13.500Z
---

# Welcome to Lincoln Jiu Jitsu Academy Proudly building a stronger community through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, Wrestling, and Self-Defense Training.
 Join Now

 ## Our Classes We offer a variety of classes daily Monday through Saturday, including:
 - Traditional Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Wrestling for Jiu Jitsu - Kids Jiu Jitsu - Muay Thai Striking - Women’s Jiu Jitsu and Self-Defense
 View Our Class Schedule

 ## PRIVATE LESSONS NOW AVAILABLE #### Jiu Jitsu & Muay Thai Give the gift of improved technique, better competition prep, and more overall confidence with private lessons. Now available for purchase online.
 Purchase Private Lessons Now

 ## Why Train With LJJA? Lincoln Jiu Jitsu Academy is proud to offer a safe, clean, and comfortable training environment for all individuals.
 We welcome students across ages, levels, and backgrounds. Beginners are welcome to start at any time. Experienced practitioners are always welcome to drop-in.
 Learn more about training with us:
 View Available Plans

 ## Get Started Now Ready to get on the mats? Great! We offer a free one-week free trial for new students. Drop in during a scheduled class or click the link below to get started at any time:
 Claim Your Free 1-Week Trial

 ## Popular Plans Select from some of our most popular plans below. Not seeing what you are looking for? See a complete list of all of our options on our Memberships page.
 #### Adult Jiu Jitsu Training Better your health, fitness, self-confidence, and overall well-being with our unlimited access Jiu Jitsu plan. Includes Gi, No-Gi, Wrestling, and Muay Thai classes (ages 16 and above).
 Join Now

 #### Youth Jiu Jitsu Classes Build strength, gain confidence, and promote positive goal setting while learning traditional Brazilian jiu jitsu techniques. (ages 6 – 15). Gi and No-Gi classes included.
 Join Now

 #### One-Class Drop-In Visitors are always welcome to drop in to regularly scheduled classes. If a free trial has already been completed, use our one-class drop-in option to cover your attendance to a class.
 Drop-In

 Lincoln Jiu Jitsu Academy
 5.0 powered by G o o g l e
 review us on

 Ronald Coloyan 09:27 05 Oct 24

 Just finished up a week at Professor Chuy and Manny's gym, and I've got to say, it was absolutely brilliant.

 The atmosphere was super welcoming, and everyone—from the coaches to the other members—made me feel welcome.

 Professors Chuy and Manny really know their stuff, and the training sessions were both challenging and fun.

 If you're looking for a place with good vibes, top-tier coaching, and a genuine community feel, this is the spot. Highly recommend it!

 Cheers!

 Brandon Amis 04:24 28 Sep 24

 Lincoln Jiu Jitsu is our go to stop when we are visiting the Sacramento area. Chuy, Manny, and Ashley are wonderful to my daughter and I. You can always count on a clean gym with solid rounds and instruction. We will definitely be back. Thank you for your hospitality!

 Enchanted Doutherd 01:43 18 Sep 24

 Amazing place for kids and adults! It's like a family.

 Brian Kasper 20:56 24 Mar 24

 Great place to train!!!

 Ashley Harris 03:49 23 Dec 23

 Our children have been actively attending classes 3 days a week since July 2023. I’m so thankful for the experience from the discipline, technical skills, and confidence. The owners have created a great community with such a welcome atmosphere. I personally appreciate their incorporation of different skill levels to make everyone feel capable and empowered. We had thought our journey was over after a really poor experience at a place in Rocklin. I’m so thankful that my husband found Lincoln Jiu Jitsu Academy to turn things around and start our positive journey with jiu jitsu.

 Michelle Reyes 03:42 22 Dec 23

 Lincoln Jiu Jitsu is not just a team, it’s a family. Coach Chuy is an amazing coach. My two sons attend his classes and they love going to his classes. They have Iearned so much from him. I highly recommend Lincoln Jiu Jitsu!

 Kira Griffith 19:10 25 Apr 23

 We love Lincoln Jiu Jitsu Academy, our son has been going since they opened and he loves it. Professor Chuy is amazing with the kids instructing them on skills that will help them throughout life. The schedule allows for our son to go up to 6 days a week if he wants, could ask for a better place for him to learn and train!!!!

 ###### Exclusively for Our New Students ## Get a Full Week of Training for Free New to Lincoln Jiu Jitsu Academy? Whether you are a beginner or pro, adult or child, you can start at anytime with our free 1-week free trial.
 Claim Your 1-Week Free Trial

 ## Stay in Touch Connect with us on social media to stay in touch with the latest class updates, upcoming competitions, and more.
 - Instagram - Facebook
