---
source_url: http://www.redtigerselfdefense.com
final_url: https://www.redtigerselfdefense.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:41.944Z
---

# Red Tiger Martial Arts

 FREE MARTIAL ARTS ASSESSMENT
 FREE MARTIAL ARTS ASSESSMENT

 ### Red Tiger Martial Arts Is Featured on Spectrum News 1 Red Tiger Martial Arts is proud to be featured in a segment addressing rideshare driver safety on local cable news!
 ####

 Welcome to Red Tiger Martial Arts

 - Why Red Tiger? Originally, the warrior monks of Shaolin practiced Kung Fu because they believed that by putting themselves in life- or- death situations, they could gain a better understanding of the meaning of life.However, I believe that the monks’ philosophy can provide enrichment today without us having to seek out mortal danger. The application of concepts that lead to success on the battlefield can help each of us emerge successfully from the conflicts experienced in everyday life. Here are just some of the benefits you can hope to gain from our training and philosophy:Fitness Transformation: Whether you’re a beginner or seasoned athlete, our classes will help you get in or maintain good shape. Expect dynamic workouts that challenge both body and mind.Self-Defense Skill : Learn practical self-defense techniques that empower you in real-world situations. Safety is our priority, and our experienced instructors guide you every step of the way.Mindfulness and Stress Relief: Combat the daily grind with our mindfulness practices. Achieve mental clarity through focused training, meditation, and breathing exercises.Inclusive Community: We celebrate diversity! Our club fosters camaraderie—a place where everyone belongs. No matter your background, you’re part of our family.Traditionally in China, "kung fu" was taught, in a “closed door” setting; meaning the art was passed down through families. Students of the art who were not blood relations, forged such close ties that they were considered family. And, that makes sense; because who would you rather fight for or alongside, other than those you consider to be your family? It is because of this tradition, Red Tiger is not a typical commercial school. It is a place where the priority is building new relationships and strengthening current ones.-Sifu Paul Learn More - Bio Sifu Paul Mason began his martial arts journey in 2008 under Master John Lambert, of Meng’s Martial Arts of Cincinnati, a branch school of Meng’s Martial Arts international.Over the next 17 years he earned various certifications under the Meng's organization, in the art of Shaolin Wing Chun. In 2010 he was made a disciple of the Shaolin WIng Chun System, and in 2017 he opened his own club, Red Tiger Martial Arts.Red Tiger is an exclusive club where the mission is for the members to help each other achieve physical and mental growth. We are also a Meng’s Martial Arts International affiliate, teaching and training the art of Shaolin Wing Chun, as authorized by Grand Master Benny Meng . Sifu Paul also strives to build and maintain bridges within his kung fu family, as well as the local martial arts community at large. Additionally, Sifu Paul has experience in Balintawak Arnis/Eskrima, Muay Thai, Silat, and Shuri-te Bujutsu. Find out more about Sifu Paul from the podcast here! Read More - Take the Assessment Find out what martial art discipline is best suited for you and your needs. Our short assessment will help us recommend the best martial art for you and determine if Red Tiger can help meet your needs. Assessment
