---
source_url: https://www.onelegacytc.com
final_url: https://www.onelegacytc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:17.134Z
---

# WELCOME TO ONE LEGACY TRAINING CENTER
 Book Your Free Trial Class Now

 ## PROVE YOURSELF TO BE THE BEST
 One Legacy Training Center has been providing the South Bay and San Diego County with the highest quality of Mixed Martial Arts Training since 2015. One Legacy Training Center offers Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, Striking, MMA, Kick Boxing, and Self Defense.
 One Legacy Training Center was designed for anyone with or without previous Mixed Martial Arts training experience. We firmly believe in our mission which is to assist as many children, teens, and adults in becoming confident, physically and mentally healthy, be a positive influence in their lives and help developing long-lasting friendships.

 1/6

 Respect & Discipline

 Focus & Confidence

 Safety & Leadership

 6

 ## PRINCIPLES OF ONE LEGACY TRAINING CENTER

 About
 ## THE BEST MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY
 ABOUT US

 We have a zero tolerance for bullying, we offer anyone a safe space when it comes to bullying. We strongly believe in the art of walking away from any physical altercation, but in that one off case that you or your child are not able to, One Legacy Training Center will equip you with the most effective Self Defense techniques and submissions to keep you from becoming a victim. One Legacy Training Center has become Chula Vista's and San Diego County’s premiere Mixed Martial Arts Training Center. Our gym has produced multiple World Champions in the variety of martial arts that we teach at our facility.

 - -

 ## COME AND GET YOUR BELT NOW!

 ## WE TRAIN LIKE A WARRIOR
 WHY CHOOSE US

 Choose us for an authentic warrior training experience that not only strengthens the body but also sharpens the mind, instilling discipline, resilience, and the spirit of a true fighter in every aspect of life.

 ## BENEFITS OF LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 DISCOVER MORE

 Learning martial arts offers both physical and mental health benefits, including improved strength, focus, and self-discipline, while also teaching valuable self-defense skills and promoting cultural appreciation.

 MAINTAIN STAMINA

 SELF DEFENSE

 INCREASE STRENGTH

 IT'S COOL!
