---
source_url: https://www.optimusbjj.com
final_url: https://optimusbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.550Z
---

Increased Confidence and Disipline
 Competitions and World-Famous Guest Instructors

 Professional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Organized Curriculum. Expert Instruction.

 State-of-the-Art Training Center
 Sanitized Daily

 Black Belt Instruction
 Professional Jiu-Jitsu Instructors

 New Strength and Fitness
 Develop proven self-defense skills in the most effective martial Art

 Become Part of the Optimus Team
 Develop new, lifelong friendships

 Popular Kids' Programs
 Safety, education & daily fun for our Tiny Tigers & Little Dragons

 ## CALL FOR YOUR FREE INTRODUCTORY CLASS

 Call to book Intro Class (949) 481-2511
 The Intro Class is a FREE private lesson with 2x National Champion Black Belt, Grant Collins ($300 value)

 Book your Intro Class Online

 # Jiu-Jitsu in Orange County Optimus BJJ is the home of genuine Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Orange County. Under the leadership of 3rd Degree Black Belt Grant Collins, Optimus has established itself as the elite BJJ Academy serving South Orange County. We provide world-class martial arts training to kids ages 4 and up, as well as adult learners. With a dedicated team of experienced instructors and a state-of-the-art facility, we offer the finest training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu in Orange County, as well as kickboxing and mixed martial arts (MMA).
 Alongside Professor Collins, our team of highly qualified instructors is committed to helping our students become stronger, both physically and mentally, through martial arts. With a variety of classes available at Optimus BJJ, there’s something for everyone.
 Looking for a high-energy, full-body workout that combines striking martial art techniques with jiu-jitsu? Our classes for MMA in Orange County offer exactly that. Each class at our martial arts academy is designed to help you build strength, improve coordination, and boost your confidence.
 Call the Academy today at 949-481-2511 to Schedule your free introductory class. It all starts with a FREE PRIVATE LESSON. We will walk you through the most fundamental self defense moves of Jiu-Jitsu in a private or semi-private lesson. Then you will be ready to take your first class with other students.

 ### Book your free Introductory Class now.

 #### Kid’s Programs The exclusive Optimus Character Development Program helps kids learn to believe in themselves through our safe and fun training… Read More

 #### Adult Programs Train the most effective martial art in the world and get an amazing workout! Real Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu taught the way it should be… Read More

 #### Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Genuine mixed martial arts (MMA) with Coach Forest and Coach Weslley. Read More

 Optimus has helped me become stronger and fit – I’m always surrounded by great people that help me train

 Fisher Q

 I love this place, we train hard, good quality people, great training partners, great instruction and I love training here!

 Bryan G

 ### Congratulations on the new Jiu Jitsu Rank March 25, 2026 No Comments
 Winter Rank promotion: A day of acknowledgment and community Congratulations to all our jiu-jitsu students on their new rank promotions! On Saturday, March 14th, our

 Read More »
 ### The Power of Goals January 20, 2026 No Comments
 The power of goals: A goal is a dream with a deadline As we begin the New Year many are planning their year in hopes

 Read More »
 ### Professor Robbie receives his Black Belt on the Podium December 4, 2025 No Comments
 Professor Robbie Chade receives his BJJ black belt the podium. Robbie Chade received his BJJ black Belt on the podium at the IBJJF World Masters

 Read More »
 ### 2025 Jiu-Jitsu Tournament Victorys September 9, 2025 No Comments
 The Optimus Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu team has been busy this year competing and winning many jiu-jitsu championships. The IBJJF has been keeping us busy with regular

 Read More »
 ### 2025 Winter Rank Promotion February 13, 2025 No Comments
 2025 Winter Rank Promotion On Saturday the 22nd of February, we held our 2025 Winter Rank Promotion. It was such an exciting day for everybody!

 Read More »
 ### A Personal New Year Message from Professor Collins January 23, 2025 No Comments
 https://youtu.be/Cl3VvwxNERY Kung Fu literally translated means skill gained through daily practice. Anything that is developed through daily practice can be considered Kung Fu, including jiu

 Read More »

 ## Have questions? Contact Us!

 Name
 Email
 Message
 Submit
