---
source_url: http://wcwmartialarts.com/our-classes
final_url: https://www.wcwmartialarts.com/our-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:42.172Z
---

## Get in touch
 512-337-7067

 leander@wcwmartialarts.com

 1908 S Bagdad Rd, Leander, TX 78641, United States of America

 Questions? Call us: 512-337-7067

 Get Started

 1908 S Bagdad Rd, Leander, TX 78641, United States of America (Suite B1)

 Questions? Call us: 512-337-7067

 Get Started

 # Our Classes
 Embark on an exhilarating journey through our extensive array of martial arts classes, meticulously crafted to cater to individuals of all ages, proficiency levels, and passions, as you uncover the ideal class that aligns with your desires, be it self-defense mastery, enhanced physical fitness, or the transformative power of discipline and focus on your path of personal growth.

 ### Kids Martial Arts

 ### Adult Martial Arts

 ### Birthday Parties

 ## Kids Martial Arts
 Imagine a place where your kids can learn self-defense, self-discipline, and self-confidence. A place where they can make new friends, have fun, and challenge themselves. A place where they can grow physically, mentally, and emotionally. That's what our kids martial arts program is all about.

 Learn More...

 ## Adult Martial Arts
 You don't have to be a fighter to enjoy martial arts. You just have to be willing to try something new, exciting, and rewarding. Our adult martial arts program will teach you how to defend yourself, improve your fitness, and unleash your inner power. Whether you are a beginner or an advanced practitioner, you will find a supportive and friendly community here.

 Learn More...

 ## BIrthday Parties
 Looking for a unique and memorable way to celebrate your child's birthday? How about a martial arts party? Your child and their guests will have a blast learning some cool moves, playing games, and breaking boards. We will take care of everything, from the invitations to the cake. All you have to do is show up and enjoy the fun.

 Learn More...

 ## Interested in joining? Try us out before you fully commit to a membership!

 Embark on an immersive adventure within our vibrant dojo and embrace the camaraderie of our nurturing community through an obligation-free trial, unlocking the gateway to your martial arts odyssey, where you can uncover the perfect match that aligns with your aspirations and sets you on the path to martial arts mastery.

 Access Web Special

 ### 512-337-7067 ### leander@wcwmartialarts.com ##### ### 1908 S Bagdad Rd, Leander, TX 78641, United States of America

 © Made With Love by MyManager Websites

 Share by:
