---
source_url: http://www.auburnmma.com
final_url: https://auburnmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:41.152Z
---

# Alabama’s Best Martial Arts Studio Reach your full potential with Auburn Mixed Martial Arts! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 Won Best of Opelika Auburn – Best Martial Arts School 2025, featured in Opelika-Auburn News!

 # Alabama’s Best Martial Arts Studio Reach your full potential with Auburn Mixed Martial Arts! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 ##### Won Best of Opelika Auburn – Best Martial Arts School 2025, featured in Opelika-Auburn News!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 GET STARTED WITH OUR FALL INTRODUCTORY SERIES OFFER
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Tiny Dragons (Age 4) Little Champions Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kid’s Martial Arts Muay Thai MMA Judo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Fitness Kickboxing Afterschool Summer Camp -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Auburn Mixed Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## ###### English translation: Hi, I am Henry and Riley’s mother. My children have been doing Jiu-Jitsu for over 4 years now and they love Jiu-Jitsu. And for friends who are shy or timid, I really want to recommend Jiu-Jitsu. My children were timid, but as they continued to do Jiu-Jitsu, their personalities improved and they are enjoying it. The manager is really nice and all the staff are kind. I really recommend you to try them. Thank you.

 GET STARTED
 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Tiny Dragons (Age 4)
 Empower your child through our martial arts classes. Fueling their boundless curiosity and energy, we offer expert guidance, vibrant learning, and endless fun.
 View Program

 Little Champions Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Kid’s Martial Arts
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Muay Thai
 Get in the best shape of your life with our Muay Thai classes. Fitness goes to a new level with full-body workouts that build muscle and improve flexibility.
 View Program

 MMA
 Whether for competition or fitness, challenge your body with our MMA classes!
 View Program

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 View Program

 Judo
 Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 View Program

 Fitness Kickboxing
 Are you tired of the same cardio workouts? Come see results and have some FUN.
 View Program

 Afterschool
 Instead of worrying, let us teach them about respect, discipline, and fitness in our martial arts after school program.
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Our martial arts summer camp provides fun and learning for kids of all ages.
 View Program

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID'S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 VIEW OUR BJJ PROGRAM

 " width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen>

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS FOR AUBURN MIXED MARTIAL ARTS
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 Instruction
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 Jason Keaton Great school with great people! I'm treated like family every time I'm there and I'm always excited when I can get a chance to stop in!

 Jason Matherley Great place to train with Awesome instructors and tons of knowledge. I definitely recommend Auburn Mixed Martial Arts.

 Jonathan Allen I love this place. No meathead, knuckleheads, or intimidation. They've crafted an amazing curriculum and genuinely care about helping you reach your personal goals, whether it be fitness, self defense, or competition. Keep up the awesome work guys!!!

 Joyce Hung Auburn MMA is a great place for both kids and adults to learn a variety of martial arts (particularly Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and kickboxing) and to get a great workout without even realizing it -- because it's actually fun! The atmosphere is welcoming and family friendly. But make no mistake, this place isn't a McDojo, and the instructors are all accomplished athletes, fighters, and competitors. Almost three years ago, I started off watching my kid in kickboxing classes, and found it hard not to try out a class myself. I ended up taking up BJJ and have been hooked since (it's great for stress relief!) I even convinced the hubby to try out kickboxing, and he's now hooked too. The instructors are very patient and encouraging, and they're terrific with the kids. They also host birthday parties. My kid has had three birthdays there already, and Mr. Andy never fails to entertain the kids with fun action-filled games. Auburn MMA is a special place for our entire family.

 Lauren Bryant Hartzog My son takes wrestling, kickboxing, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, and he is on the demo team. We absolutely love AMMA and the coaches.
 They do an outstanding job training the children and encouraging those who want to compete in tournaments. I also love how even the coaches attend seminars and still get out there and compete in tournaments as well. Auburn Mixed Martial Arts is like one big family! Love it!!

 Rob Newman Randall Phillips and crew run a top of the line gym. There are many different offerings ranging from martial arts inspired fitness options to competition Brazillian Jiu Jitzu and MMA training. My (now six year old) son has been training here for just over a year. Randall leads the little kids BJJ class and it is the right combination of both fun and serious skill training. The confidence increase in my son is remarkable. I highly recommend it.

 William Tate Rowell Excellent coaching staff and friendly atmosphere. Instructors carry a lot of experience and knowledge and are a pleasure to be around.

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE & SPECIAL WEB OFFER!
 ## REQUEST INFORMATION
 Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY

 ## We want to thank our sponsors for their support
