---
source_url: http://www.legacy31gym.com
final_url: https://www.legacy31gym.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:21.923Z
---

#### VALDOSTA GA'S #1 GYM FOR
 #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU, KIDS MARTIAL ARTS, KICKBOXING, FITNESS & MORE
 Class Times
 7 DAY TRIAL

 Legacy Performance Center is a premier martial arts and fitness gym dedicated to providing a safe, inclusive environment for athletes, fitness enthusiasts, martial artists, and recreational students of all levels. Our mission is to help you improve both mentally and physically by pushing you to become the best version of yourself—on and off the mats.
 ​
 Whether you're training to become a world champion or simply looking to live a healthier lifestyle, our expert coaches and facility are here to help you find success.
 ​
 No matter your age, size, or experience level, there's a place for you and your goals here at LPC.

 Welcome to the FAMILY.
 We’ll see you on the mats. <3

 ## OUR MANTRA:

 # CLASSES FOR EVERYONE
 ###### AND EVERY GOAL
 At Legacy Performance Center, we strive to be more than just another cookie-cutter fitness center. All of our programs and classes are designed to help you achieve your goals and our team of trained professionals are there to help. Read the sections below to see what we offer and how they can help you become a champion on and off the mats.

 ## OHANA BJJ
 Experience Traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in the Gi. Perfect for athletes and recreational students alike.

 Read More >

 ## LEGACY 31
 Our Fight Team and No-Gi Submission Grappling. Perfect for the athletes & fighters who crave a bit more.

 Read More >

 ## THE FOUNDATION ROOM
 The roots of our fitness programs (pun intended). Experience Yoga, Pilates, and group fitness classes lead by pros.

 Read More >

 Military, LEO, First Responder Discounts &
 POST Certified Instructors

 Student Discounts for VSU, WireGrass, GMC

 BJJ, KickBoxing, & Fitness Instruction From Profesionals That Have Years of Experience as Coaches and Athletes

 Safe, All Inclusive Atmosphere for All Members.

 More Info

 # POST CERTIFIED

 We support our local law enforcement and offer P.O.S.T certified training and instruction.

 MORE INFO

 ### SET YOUR GOALS
 Whether you are setting out to be the next world champion, or you are just wanting a new hobby, we will get you there!

 ### TRANSFORM YOUR BODY
 If you are looking for fun and stimulating fitness, you've come to the right place. All of our programs are designed to help you look, and FEEL better.

 ### DEVELOP RELATIONSHIPS
 Its been said before that Jiu Jitsu is the new g o lf! Socialize, network, and develop relationships that will last a lifetime!

 ### GET YOUR KIDS MOVING
 Our kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 programs are the best in the area. Get your kids involved in martial arts and watch them develop skills, confidence, and healthy habits like fitness and discipline.

 Our Classes

 COMP & FIGHT TEAM

 HOME OF THE

 # MAKING CHAMPIONS
 ON AND OFF THE MATS

 ​
 Thank you for taking the time to visit our website. We hope you'll stop by in person—and as always,
 we’ll see you on the mats.
 <3

 ## SIGN UP OR REGISTER FOR YOUR FREE TRIAL HERE:
