---
source_url: http://usmartialartsacademy.com
final_url: https://usmartialartsacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:14.662Z
---

- 834 Ohio Pike, Cincinnati, OH 45245 - (513) 752- KICK (5425)

 CINCINNATI'S PREMIER MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL
 # US MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY INTRODUCTORY OFFER

 # Sign Up to Receive a FREE Trial Class GET STARTED NOW

 SERVING CINCINNATI AND SURROUNDING AREAS
 WELCOME TO THE
 US MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY
 We are Cincinnati’s premier Martial Arts school offering Kempo Karate, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Cardio Kickboxing and Flow Yoga classes. Our school conveniently serves Amelia, Withamsville, Eastgate, Anderson, and surrounding Cincinnati areas with youth and adult classes. Whether you’re looking for a new way to have fun, get in shape, or interested to learn more about self-defense, USMAA has you covered. US Martial Arts Academy provides an engaging, positive atmosphere to learn many different martial arts disciplines under one roof. We strive to provide the highest quality programs along with the best possible service to our students and families. All students learn at their own pace and are motivated to put forth their best efforts. Our instructors are always positive, friendly, and approachable all while maintaining a disciplined environment to help the student learn and have fun.

 # BENEFITS OF MARTIAL ARTS

 GOALS
 Our structured belt system and curriculum provide a meaningful, consistent goal framework to help you stay motivated and active.

 COMMUNITY
 Excercise and training is always more fun with friends! We build strong bodies, minds and relationships for whole-life wellness.

 DISCIPLINE
 Discipline is the key to many important life skills such as confidence, focus, and resilience. The culture of the martial arts fosters constant discipline.

 GET STARTED TODAY
 ## SELECT A PROGRAM ### Youth Martial Arts Ages 3-9
 Learn More >
 ### Junior Martial Arts Ages 10 -15
 Learn More >

 ### Adult Martial Arts Ages 16+
 Learn More >
 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu All Ages
 Learn More >

 ### Fitness Programs Ages 18+
 Learn More >
 ### Special Events All Ages
 Learn More >

 READ OUR GOOGLE REVIEWS
 My son goes here and he loves it. The teacher is awesome! He is great with kids. My son looks forward to class every week.

 Hannah Peacock

 READ OUR GOOGLE REVIEWS
 One of our kiddos Logan started about a month ago. He loves it here! The staff is always so kind and welcoming. We look forward to many years to come!

 Kristi S.

 READ OUR GOOGLE REVIEWS
 My daughter loves going to classes!! She has gained so much self esteem and grown since she started that it just amazes me. The instructors really work great with the kids especially the younger ones. They do well with the balance between fun and demanding focus and respect.

 Sarah Oliver

 # General FAQs Here you will find answers to some of the most commonly asked questions about our martial arts programs and school.

 Do you teach Mixed Martial Arts? Do you teach Eastern religions or meditation? Will my previous training count here? Are your instructors certified? Can I watch a class first to see if this is for me? Do you require contracts? How much do lessons cost? Can I choose multiple class types at once? Do you teach Mixed Martial Arts? Do you teach Eastern religions or meditation? Will my previous training count here? Are your instructors certified? Can I watch a class first to see if this is for me? Do you require contracts? How much do lessons cost? Can I choose multiple class types at once?

 Most American dojos teach an eclectic combination of various traditions that could be generally classified "mixed martial arts". Our school's heritage comes from Korean Tae Kwon Do, Okinawan Karate and Kobudo, Filipino Arnis and both Japanese and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 No, we focus on being a training and fitness school. While we have academy statutes and a school value set founded in the historical martial arts, we do not delve into the spiritual or metaphysical aspects of those traditions.

 If you have earned belt ranks from a previous school, we will assess your skills compared to our curriculum. This often results in experienced students starting above White Belt.

 All of our Instructors and Assistant Instructors are require to abide by a strict training program and standards of excellence. We have monthly training meetings, staff workshops, training videos, and our staff training handbook. Training includes positive teaching, how to motivate different ages, as well as customer service skills, just to name a few areas. Staff development is ongoing and never ending. We are very proud of our staff training program.

 We offer a short no-risk FREE introduction period at the beginning of your martial arts journey specifically for this purpose. We find that students are consistently excited and ready to continue after these classes.

 We operate on an agreement system that is standard for the industry. We offer various lengths of short and long-term agreements to fit your comfort and budget.

 Lessons pricing varies based on number of people in your family enrolled, program(s) chosen and length of agreement. We are happy to clarify in person based on your specific situation.

 Yes! Students enrolled in the Adult Martial Arts program may also attend Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and yoga classes. Adult students enrolled in our fitness program have access to both cardio kickboxing and yoga classes. Younger students may attend both martial arts and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, dependent on age and membership agreement.

 © 2024 US Martial Arts Academy. All rights reserved.
 Web Design by Carleski Creative, LLC

 We are in the middle of an unexpected transition to a new location! Classes are currently being held in a temporary location while the arrangements are made to reopen the school in its new form.

 Please see our Facebook page for additional details and bear with us during this unusual time in our dojo's history.
