---
source_url: https://5elementsstudio.com/es-adult-jiu-jitsu-gi-classes/
final_url: https://5elementsstudio.com/es-adult-jiu-jitsu-gi-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:45.405Z
---

- (214) 940-3445 - 2613 North Carroll Avenue, Dallas, TX 75204

 # Dallas Jiu-Jitsu, Now Offering In-Person Classes!

 ## Get 3 Days Of Life-Changing Adult Jiu-Jitsu Gi Classes in Dallas... All Inclusive Pass For Only $49!

 “So fun it’s addicting!” Our amazing Jiu-Jitsu program is offering classes here in Dallas! Burn fat & build lean muscle, fast. Plus it’s so much fun!

 Everything included:

 3 Day All Inclusive Pass

 Experienced Instructors

 - 2613 North Carroll Avenue, Dallas, TX 75204

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your 3 Day All Inclusive Pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from 5 Elements Studio – Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## Una Poderosa defensa personal te mantiene seguro.

 No es solo un entrenamiento, es una habilidad que salva vidas. Aprenda a protegerse a sí mismo y a sus seres queridos, incluso si un atacante es más grande y más fuerte que usted.

 Personas de todo Dallas recurren a nosotros para su entrenamiento de Defensa Personal y para aprender los fundamentos del Jiu-Jitsu de una manera clara, simple y efectiva. Introducimos tanto el aspecto de combate como el deportivo de Jiu-Jitsu, por lo que desarrollará una comprensión clara de cómo se puede aplicar esta disciplina de manera efectiva.

 ## Sorprendete de lo que puedes llegar a conseguir.

 Puedes lograr mucho más de lo que piensas. En Jiu-Jitsu, te lo demostrarás a ti mismo. Cuando lo hagas, verás que el cielo es el límite. Desde mejorar drásticamente tu forma física y tus habilidades en el tatami hasta convertirte en un competidor consumado. ¡Eso es lo que tanta gente en Dallas está descubriendo!

 ## Quema calorias. Crea musculatura. Rapidamente. Desarrolla habilidades asombrosas.

 Jiu-Jitsu trabajará tu cuerpo de formas totalmente nuevas. Desarrollarás músculos que ni siquiera sabías que tenías.
 Brindamos un plan de estudios de vanguardia que ofrece los fundamentos de este oficio hasta el enfoque moderno y las técnicas probadas por la competencia.
 Eso es lo que hace que nuestro programa Dallas Jiu-Jitsu sea tan poderoso, ¡usted ve RESULTADOS!

 ### Get 3 Days Of Life-Changing Adult Jiu-Jitsu Gi Classes in Dallas... All Inclusive Pass For Only $49!

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY CLASS PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "The training is great for youth , beginners , and advanced martial arts practitioners. The facility is well kept for cleanliness as well."

 " My BJJ experience has been great. Highly recommend to stop by and meet Gerardo and the 5 Elements Studio Family."

 "Gerardo is an amazing instructor with a deep knowledge of jiu jitsu and overall fitness. He will help you grow in whatever your athletic / lifestyle goals you have."

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Jiu-Jitsu Program

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Dallas martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 I have no experience, what do I do?
 All of our classes are open to all skill levels, beginner through advanced. We focus on the fundamentals of jiujitsu, which are simply the most effective parts of the art. We also do a lot of specific drilling and training, which teaches you how to apply techniques and movements during a “live” roll.

 Do I have to compete?
 No, Competition is not for everyone. And, not all competitions are the same. It can be a good way for students to learn and test their skills, and strive for outstanding achievement. And it is important to be selective as to which competitions are entered. However, you will find that our experienced Instructors can create that type of learning environment within the class.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. To take advantage of our limited time offer…. The fastest way is to fill in form .
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Dallas martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 Can women do Brazilian Jiujitsu?
 Absolutely! Women really find that the benefits of doing martial arts training in BJJ is that they learn to protect themselves against a bigger, stronger opponent. Something they never thought was possible. We think ALL women should know how to protect themselves, especially on the ground!
 Yes, initially some women find that the close training proximity might be a little uncomfortable. But don’t worry! We will ease you into it, and before long you will be feeling confident, powerful and really looking forward to you regular BJJ classes in Dallas .

 ### Fill out the form below to get your class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from 5 Elements Studio – Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
