---
source_url: http://10thplanetoceanside.com
final_url: https://10thplanetoceanside.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:51.478Z
---

# 10th Planet OCEANSIDE Jiu Jitsu Home to 10th Planet Oceanside Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, Boxing, Wrestling, Strength and Conditioning, and Kid's Programs ### New Location! 1791 S Oceanside Blvd, Oceanside, CA 92054

 # 10th Planet OCEANSIDE Home to 10th Planet Oceanside Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, Boxing, Wrestling, Strength and Conditioning, and Kid's Programs ### New Location! 1791 S Oceanside Blvd, Oceanside, CA 92054

 # Amplify Your Freakuency Train with the 10th Planet Freaks under the #1 in the world 145lb competitor and 3X ADCC World Championship veteran Geo “Freakahzoid” Martinez. With six black belt instructors under one roof, w e offer world class no-gi jiu jitsu training for all skill levels.
 Whether you have dreams of competing against the world’s best or would like to get in shape and learn something new, 10th Planet is for everyone. We also offer boxing, kickboxing, wrestling, MMA, yoga, strength & conditioning, and youth classes to supplement the no-gi jiu jitsu emphasis. Get started today!

 Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 Primary Training Interest --Choose-- 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Kickboxing Boxing MMA Kid's Program Strength & Conditioning
 Referral Source * --Choose-- Google Search Gym Member Social Media Print Flier Walk By Other
 Best Time(s) To Contact * - Monday - Tuesday - Wednesday - Thursday - Friday - Saturday - Sunday

 Best Time(s) To Contact * - 7am-12pm - 12pm-5pm - 5pm-9pm

 Goals *

 Message
 Submit

 #### Jiu Jitsu and Wrestling We offer a friendly yet competitive class environment to push you to a new level. We teach 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu, Wrestling, MMA, Boxing, Muay Thai, Strength and Conditioning, Yoga, and Kid’s Programs at the gym.

 #### Boxing and Muay Thai We pride ourselves on providing nothing but the best instruction and training in Oceanside. All of our classes are taught by professional fighters and competitors in their field.

 #### Strength & Conditioning No matter if you are conditioning for competition in any of the combat or martial arts or if you are training in general and looking for the best way to lose weight, get lean or just get stronger, strength and conditioning classes are open to all levels of experience and fitness.

 #### Youth Classes Our youth classes in jiu jitsu, boxing, and kickboxing are designed to make sure every kid has fun and is comfortable while learning the discipline of each sport. Each of our youth instructors focus on the basics, and as the kids progress, they learn how to be competitive and develop their own skill set.

 Starting February, we will be bringing back, Maste

 Kevin and Ricky were putting down some work at the

 Happy Birthday Coach @aj_mma 🎉 🍩 🎊

If you’re in t

 First night back from a comp weekend and the energ

 You all better watch out! These kids mean business

 New Shirts are in!! Come get ‘em while they last 🐝

 Just 5 days left! Be ready in some new threats to

 We will be having our Belt Promotions Christmas pa

 Beginning today, you can pre-order our New Year ba

 January 6th 2024! Come out and support one of our

 We have our new hoodie & joggers available in stor

 We 6 a half schedule for this Thanksgiving! Mornin

 Get ready! We are having hosting our fight night o

 This Friday, we are inviting any veterans who are

 10th Planet Oceanside is an experience that can’t be found anywhere else. World class jiu jitsu with a staff that believes in you and works with you to achieve your dreams. I strongly recommend this gym for anyone, beginner to advanced. The jiu jitsu is great but the good vibes are even better. We’re a family here that pushes each other to bring the best out of everyone.
 – Domingo E.
