---
source_url: http://www.bowandarrowjiujitsu.co.uk
final_url: https://bowandarrowjiujitsu.co.uk/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:50.095Z
---

Skip to content ## Welcome to Bow & Arrow Jiu-Jitsu
 ### Since 2012
 Begin your training

 ## Why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Some of the many reasons why this martial art will change your life for the better

 1
 ### Focus With so many techniques in the ever expanding system, you'll never be bored as there's always another goal on the horizon.

 2
 ### Self-defense With all aspects of fighting covered. This art will give you the confidence to know why you don't ever want to fight. That said, you also know your abilities in defending yourself and loved ones.

 3
 ### Competition Some love to compete, others don't, even so the BJJ scene has a wide variety of challenges to conquer if you so desire.

 4
 ### Release from stresses of the modern lifestyle When training, your mindset and focus helps release the stresses and built up anxiety of the day. In the moment you are one with the flow of training.

 5
 ### Fitness and well-being The required movements in training will increase your cardio, strength and flexibility.

 6
 ### Friendship & Community Over time you'll bond with like minded people and form a brotherhood due to the fact you're all going through the same hard grind together.

 ## Enrolment for beginners open If you're sat of the fence about joining, come down to any class and speak to the head instructor about joining and see if it's what you're looking for.
 Contact Edward Atkin
 Tel: 07960044370

 ## FAQ
 BJJ Black Belt
 Judo Black Belt
 over 30 years of martial arts training

 Pay as you go £8
 Monthly unlimited classes £50
 Privates £50 p/h
 kids classes £5 per child

 1-2 years on average. However speed of progression is down to consistency and training with purpose.

 Although sparring isn't required at first it is 100% required for grading and progression within the art.

 No, fitness is great but the only way to train jiu-jitsu is to come to class and improve. Jogging, weights, swimming etc all great for conditioning but BJJ practice is required for BJJ fitness.

 ## Academy Address 36 Victoria Street, Grimsby
 DN31 1DG
 Adults Classes
 Mon , 18:30 - 21:00 (Gi)
 Wednesday, 18:30 - 21:00 (No-Gi)
 Friday, 18:30 - 21:00 (Gi)
 Kids Classes
 Wednesday, 17:30

 ##
 Your email
