---
source_url: http://www.ronnshiraki.com/adult-classes.html
final_url: https://www.ronnshiraki.com/adult-classes.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:12.914Z
---

RSA

 # ADULT JIU-JITSU CLASSES IN HAWAII #

 RSA adult program​Our adult members exemplify respect and consideration, fostering an environment where everyone supports one another in their journey to excel. The culture at RSA thrives on authenticity, positivity, and a commitment to giving our all. As a Legacy School, we proudly uphold the vision and effectiveness of the Relson Gracie system. One of the standout advantages of RSA is our extensive community of experienced upper belts. They are always enthusiastic about sharing their knowledge and assisting you in refining your Jiu-Jitsu skills. The loyalty of our members, combined with a shared commitment to our mission of mastery, makes RSA not just an exceptional training facility but also a fantastic opportunity to learn from some of the finest practitioners in Hawaii.​​View complete schedule Belt systemThe Relson Gracie Belt System captures the spirit of Relson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, emphasizing the importance of personal satisfaction and self-assessment as the ultimate goals. While adult RSA belt promotions are essential and reflect the core values of integrity and fairness, they are not the sole measure of success. Unlike many martial arts disciplines, there are no formal or paid testing processes for rank advancement, except for the Black Belt certification granted by Grandmaster Relson. Instead, promotions are based on class participation, time spent at each rank, and the careful observations of RSA's instructors. Those who achieve the rank of Brown Belt or higher must be capable of performing and teaching all techniques in the RSA Gracie Basics Curriculum. Earning a belt at RSA is a rigorous process, but each promotion is a meaningful acknowledgment of one’s commitment and training journey. Our commitment to one another's success drives us to improve not only ourselves but also our teammates. We foster a close-knit family culture grounded in loyalty, humility, generosity, and a shared dedication to the overarching vision of RSA in delivering exceptional Jiu-Jitsu instruction and training. Many individuals have admitted to feeling a bit overwhelmed at the prospect of attending the academy for the first time. However, once they arrive, they often express their gratitude for taking that step. If you're feeling nervous about your first class, take comfort in knowing that everyone who has interacted with our team and instructors has departed feeling happy and at ease. | Article on types of schools Article on RSA standard Article on Loyalty and Mastery For the last 16 years, I have been a local and federal law enforcement officer. Five years ago I found the art of Gracie Jiu Jitsu, the teachings of Ronn Shiraki and the RSA family. I found Ronn's understanding of the art to be motivating and was inspired how he encouraged a positive learning environment. Ronn's teachings were presented in a technical, clear and practical manner; inspiring me to want to consume more of his teachings. Ronn's humility and humbleness is like no other. Through his leadership, these attributes filter down to his students. During my time with RSA, I also had the privilege to observe Ronn's ability to teach children's classes. Here I truly recognized Ronn's commitment to Gracie Jiu Jitsu. He displayed a passion to develop the youth, so much so I enrolled my son and watched Ronn teach my son to be a more confident young boy. Should one ask me to describe Ronn Shiraki and the RSA family, it would be "honor." It was an honor to have met Ronn, an honor to have learned from Ronn and an honor to be a member of his RSA family.M. RumschlagU.S. Department of Justice, Special Agent
