---
source_url: https://jacksonvillegraciejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://jacksonvillegraciejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:10.249Z
---

Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares

 # Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu

 Contact Us

 # Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu

 Contact Us

 ## " Home of the 2024 no-gi World Champion! Experience the excellence Train with the Best "

 ## Jacsonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu Luiz Palhares #### Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu #### Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu #### Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu
 - Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu, the neighborhood gym with the most advanced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction you will find anywhere in the World. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned jiu jitsu practitioner, our helpful instructors are trained to assist you in effectively reaching your goals. Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu provides the most effective tried and true Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques.

 Find out more

 #### Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu #### Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu
 - During my teaching career I have been involved with introducing BJJ techniques into combative training in the military and with law-enforcement in the United States as well as Europe. I am a certified Army Combative instructor and have initiated the development of an on-going Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu based Combative training program inside the US Navy SEALS compound in Dam Neck, Virginia Beach, VA. In 2010, in preparation for their deployment to Afghanistan, the 3rd Battalion 20th Special Forces Group (Airborne) invited me to conduct a five month long training program at Camp Blanding. In addition to teaching BJJ in the army, I also provide BJJ instruction to the Jacksonville Sheriff’s Office (JSO).

 #### Introduction Class Jacksonville Gracie Jiu-Jitsu standard for BJJ & Self Defense since 2008
 Call us to schedule your 1st of two free introductory classes

 (615) 243-6233 / (904)487-9299

 Contact us :

 ## We are offering Classes in: Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , Gracie Self Defense

 Check our Schedule and Price List

 #### Jiu Jitsu Private Lessons - Private lessons can put you one step ahead of your competition, and give you that edge you need. When you are learning BJJ you need to have an answer for every situation, and taking a private with an instructor can help you find those answers more quickly !!!!

 Schedule a private Class Today

 ## Testimonials Best Jiu Jitsu school I have ever been to. Great coaches and everyone there is nice and welcoming.
 ( Grant Pawelski ) bjj gracie jiu jitsu

 Proffesor Pedro Palhares has a gr8 kids program and competition team.. I highly recommend if your in the San jose area take advantage of their quality instructors...Osu!👊
 ( Kip Allen )

 Best school I have ever trained at in my Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey. Luiz Palhares is a great teacher and true friend to all his students. I miss training here daily and can hardly wait for my next visit.
 ( Saad Al-Aziz )

 Great place to learn Jiu-Jitsu. Master Luiz is very knowledgeable and experienced as well as great to learn from. Professor Pedro is also highly knowledgeable. The entire team is very welcoming and great to train with. You can't beat this school.
 (Kyle LaLaValley)

 Checked out the No Gi class: loved it. Mr. Palhares's son is an excellent and knowledgeable instructor. Friendly and welcoming atmosphere for newbies as well as advanced practitioners. In my opinion, this is as good as it gets in north Florida when it comes to learning Gracie jiu-jitsu.
 (Eric Gibson)

 This is my bjj home. Love the instruction, as well as the instructors and team..We were instantly family and that is something you don't find very often..
 (CJ)

 TESTIMONIALS

 Dear Master Luiz,
 I wanted to personally wish you a happy birthday.
 I also wanted to thank you from the bottom of my heart for what you have done for my son Corbit.
 The first few months of the shutdown were very unkind to Corbit. Not being able to be around his friends and other kids in general, lead him down a dark depressive road. He was miserable, and had terrible thoughts, (I found this out from what he told the doctors after his physical for middle school).
 Immediately after that doctors visit, I called your school. I spoke to Pedro on the phone briefly and he told me that yes you guys were indeed open, and to bring Corbit in to check it out.
 That was one of the best decisions I have ever made as a father. I noticed a change in Corbits demeanor after the first class. He stopped playing video games as much, and after a few more classes, he wanted to roll more and more with me at the house (I have mats and I also practice Bjj).
 He started playing outside more, and his grades and general disposition had massively improved. Even my ex-wife, Corbits mom noticed, and agrees, and is on board.
 I apologize for the long message but I really wanted you to know how positively you have impacted my son. You are doing amazing things for these kids and you can see it on their faces when they come out of class.
 A million Thank yous Sir.
 Also as soon as my current knee injury subsides you will be seeing me in attendance as well!
 Happy Birthday!

 Schedule a private Class Today

 Schedule a private Class Today

 ## Reviews

 ## Reviews

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Contact Us

 #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person! We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.

 #### Jacksonville Gracie Jiu Jitsu , Luiz Palhares 9759 San Jose Blvd,Suite # 3, Jacksonville, Florida 32257, United States
 (615) 243-6233 / (904)487-9299

 #### Hours Open today | 10:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. |

 Get directions

 #### Cookie Policy This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies.

 Accept & Close

 ### Announcement Welcome to Jacksonville Gracie Jiu-Jitsu
 Call us to schedule your 1st of two free introductory classes

 Learn more
