---
source_url: http://www.144academy.com
final_url: https://144academy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:45.653Z
---

# 144 Academy ## Train Hard & Good Vibes
 Get Started

 ##### Start Your Journey! ×

 #### Welcome To ### 144 Academy
 ##### Welcome to 144 Academy, our welcoming, veteran-owned martial arts academy in Dallas, Texas! Understanding how scary starting martial arts classes can be, we provide a warm, non-judgmental environment for you to walk into. Once you enter our doors, you become a part of our family. As a member of our family, we push you to be your best while not overdoing it. Through Jiu-Jitsu, self-defense, and fitness training, students improve physically with weight loss and strength. Even so, our benefits mentally are more important. We help provide a break from the stressors of life as students grow more fearless, confident, and happy. Join us and become your best self at 144 Academy!

 ### Step on the Mat No matter your experience, find the right program for you to start at 144 Academy!

 Beginners ##### Beginner’s Start Free! ×

 Experienced ##### Members Sign-Up ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 #### Learn More About ### 144 Academy

 #### About Us Our veteran-owned Dallas martial arts academy offers students a wholesome experience in fitness, self-defense, and Jiu-Jitsu classes. Led by owner Jairo Bautista, the atmosphere is welcoming and energetic, but also calming. Jairo stays patient with each student, understanding everyone has their own skills, situations, etc.
 We prioritize helping students escape the world for an hour or two, work hard, and have fun. On the mat, our instruction is used to dominate situationally. Our No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu focuses on a Submission Grappling/Wrestling style, applying pressure while our self-defense classes focus on realistic situations, teaching the physical tools necessary, as well as situational awareness.
 We pride ourselves on providing an all-around training experience for fitness, combat skills, and camaraderie at 144 Academy!
 #### History The journey for owner Jairo Bautista to bring Dallas Jiu-Jitsu at 144 Academy began at an early age. Jairo started martial arts at 5 years old, training in Taekwondo before jumping into Boxing at 13. After high school, Jairo joined the military and began Jiu-Jitsu and Kickboxing/MMA in Hawaii, competing twice in amateur MMA and in BJJ tournaments. He continued to expand his skills and started teaching in 2019. Jairo saw some of his part-time students use martial arts to accomplish goals outside the mats – that changed everything. Jairo knew he wanted to make this his life. In 2020, Jairo opened our doors, and the rest is history. Jairo has fine-tuned the curriculum to build up beginners, priding himself on changing lives through martial arts.

 ### Take a look at our schedule! Find the time that best fits your schedule to train at 144 Academy!

 Learn More

 #### Meet the Team At ### 144 Academy ##### 144 Academy owner Jairo Bautista leads our Dallas martial arts academy community in all our classes. Jairo leads the way with an upbeat attitude, providing high-energy but a calmness to classes. Take a look at his experience that led to opening our Dallas martial arts academy that changes lives!

 ##### Jairo Bautista ###### Owner & Instructor
 Jairo Bautista has led the way for 144 Academy since its 2020 opening. He has trained in martial arts all his life, including influence from his years serving in the military. All of his experience has cultivated in the creation and growth of 144 Academy. Every day, Jairo greets students walking into his doors with a smile, welcoming them into his martial arts family where you grow on and off the mat.
 - Began Taekwondo at 5 years old - Began Boxing at 13 years old - Served in the military after high school - Began BJJ and MMA in 2010 - Competed in two amateur MMA bouts - Worked with former Spec-Ops, US Marshalls, and Swat members to improve self-defense skills in 2015 - Began teaching in 2019 - Opened 144 Academy in 2020

 ### Step on the Mat No matter your experience, find the right program for you to start at 144 Academy!

 Beginners ##### Beginner’s Start Free! ×

 Experienced ##### Members Sign-Up ×

 #### Learn More About Our ### Programs
 ##### 144 Academy has everything you need for an all-around martial arts training experience. Our programs start with No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes for beginners, advanced members, toddlers and kids Jiu-Jitsu, incorporating self-defense techniques. But it doesn’t stop there! We are an extensive martial arts academy, with other programs including Striking classes that teach Boxing, Kickboxing, MMA and our Strength and Conditioning program. Find the right program for you to become your best self at 144 Academy!

 #### Beginners No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu We know the hardest step is walking in.
 That’s why our beginner classes start with patience, clarity, and encouragement. We welcome you in with a warm smile and a supportive attitude. Once you get started, beginner BJJ classes go through the basics, teaching you your “ABCs” before teaching words.

 Start Now
 ##### Start Your Journey! ×

 #### Advanced No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Our advanced BJJ classes build off the work from beginner BJJ classes.
 Students are taught more skills that will continue to help them on and off the mat. We also open the door to competitive Jiu-Jitsu that focuses on a dominant style of Submission Grappling.

 Start Now
 ##### Members Sign-Up ×

 #### Striking #### (Boxing, Kickboxing, MMA) Our Striking program brings in a focus of precision and power.
 Students are taught a variety of skills and lessons, with techniques coming from Boxing, Kickboxing, and MMA. You can come in and refine your combative skills for development off and on the mat.

 #### Strength & Conditioning All types of athletes can come in and improve their fitness in our Strength and Conditioning program.
 Students come in and improve their strength as well as conditioning, agility, and overall health and fitness. Everyone is welcomed to become a healthier person at 144 Academy’s Strength and Conditioning classes.

 #### Kids No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu & Striking Kids Jiu-Jitsu and Striking is built to build up the future generations. No matter the struggles kids may have, they can come in and take a break from the stressors of life. They are introduced to our dominant grappling style while growing as people as well.
 #### Toddlers Jiu-Jitsu We have Jiu-Jitsu classes to get toddlers started early on. Our classes provide an active, energetic experience that provides the bare fundamentals. It’s the perfect time to develop motor and social skills.

 Start Now
 ##### Start Your Journey! ×

 ### Take a look at our schedule! Find the time that best fits your schedule to train at 144 Academy!

 Learn More

 #### 144 Academy ### Testimonials
 144 Academy has created a family culture in Dallas Jiu-Jitsu and martial arts. Our focus on building students up extends to off-the-mat benefits, changing people’s lives. And don’t just take our word for it. Check out what others have to say about what makes 144 Academy a special Dallas Jiu-Jitsu academy!

 ##### ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ ##### Kimberly Vollmer “ For 3 years I have trained with Jairo in jiu jitsu. He’s always timely, attentive and dedicated to helping me grow and improve in the sport. The gym is clean and fully equipped and a very comfortable place to train. Jairo has helped me grow in confidence in self defense and takes to heart my concerns making sure to focus on the areas of concern. I can’t express enough how much I look forward to training with him. “
 ##### Google

 ##### ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ ##### Jason Salmani “ Came to Dallas for a conference and wanted to find somewhere to train. Jairo let me join a class, and was an amazing instructor! Really personalized the lesson, adapting for different skill levels and strengths. Plus a well rounded curriculum and structure to the class. Good clean mats, and wonderful students. Will definitely come next time I am in town, thanks Jairo! “

 Google

 ##### ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ ##### Valerie Truong “ Been working with Jairo for functional fitness now for 4 years. Safe to say, I’ve gotten much stronger with ZERO injuries due to working out. I feel less inclined to be injured in my real life as well due to our progress. He has introduced me to mobility exercises and I feel this will contribute to my health and longevity. Works with you in your long and short term goals, and my mindset has improved inside and outside of the gym. “
 Google

 ### Contact Us! 144 Academy welcomes everyone to contact us in Dallas who are interested in joining. We also welcome everyone else nearby, including: Highland Park, Irving, Bishop Arts District, Victory Park, and Cedars Springs. We are located down the street from Love Field Airport, Parkland Hospital, and UT Southwestern campus!

 (214) 551-0276

 3406 Easy St, Dallas, TX 75247
