---
source_url: http://uptownhive.org/schedule
final_url: https://uptownhive.org/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:12.626Z
---

# Schedule #### Upcoming Events MAY 9 - Grappling Industries Brooklyn
 MAY 17 - IJC Four Seasons Queens
 MAY 23 - WJJT Queens

 JUL 18 - New Breed Connecticut *Sponsor*
 AUG 8 - Grappling Industries Brooklyn

 #### Reserve your spot! Some classes require a reservation - if you're a visiting drop-in, please confirm with our instructors. Thanks!

 Reserve

 ## Class Descriptions #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) A martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting, BJJ is known for its practical self-defense applications and is a core component of mixed martial arts (MMA) training. We also offer specialized BJJ classes for Kids (3-15y), Ladies Self Defense , No Gi , and Competition .

 A martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting. Developed in Brazil in the early 20th century, BJJ emphasizes techniques that allow a smaller, weaker person to successfully defend against and overcome a larger, stronger opponent. This is achieved through the use of leverage, joint locks, and chokeholds. BJJ is known for its practical self-defense applications and is a core component of mixed martial arts (MMA) training. It promotes physical fitness, flexibility, and mental discipline, making it a holistic approach to personal development and self-improvement.

 #### Kung Fu (PAK MEI 白眉拳) & Self-Defense Perfect for students of all levels who want to learn practical self-defense skills. Pak Mei Kung Fu is a close-quarters combat system that incorporates grappling with the intent to strike (aka "Dirty Boxing" ). Classes also include training in mobility , breath work , weapons , and self defense .

 The system was popularized in the early 1900s China by 張禮泉 Chueng Lai Chuen, after defeating nearly all of the famed masters of the era and earning his place as the head instructor at 黄埔区 Whampoa Military Academy (1924), the birthplace of SAN DA kickboxing. To this day, PAK MEI is still considered the deadliest of Chinese martial arts.

 PAK MEI emphasizes aggressive close quarters combat (blitzing), grip fighting/trapping, body mechanics, and breath work. Contemporary PAK MEI as passed down from Grandmaster Chueng include elements of Wanderers, Southern Dragon, and Lee family styles.

 #### Wrestling Our wrestling classes focus on grappling fundamentals - takedowns, strength and conditioning, takedowns, escapes - led by our team of collegiate wrestlers.

 #### Kickboxing Our kickboxing classes focus on the fundamentals - cardio, footwork, precision striking.

 #### Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) MMA is where we bring it all together , this class ties in all the fundamentals from striking arts like Boxing, Kickboxing, Karate, Kung Fu as well as grappling skills from BJJ, Judo, and Wrestling.

 A full-contact combat sport that combines techniques from various martial arts disciplines, including striking, grappling, and submissions. Originating in the late 20th century, MMA has rapidly gained popularity for its comprehensive and dynamic approach to fighting. Competitors use techniques from boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), wrestling, Muay Thai, and other martial arts to create a versatile and effective fighting style.

 MMA promotes physical fitness, agility, and mental toughness, providing practitioners with a well-rounded skill set for both competition and self-defense. Its emphasis on adaptability and strategy makes it a unique and challenging sport.

 ## Message Us

 #### Message us to claim your FREE Trial! Name*

 Email*

 Phone*

 Sign up for our email list for updates, promotions, and more.

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Uptown Hive Martial Arts 534 W 178th Street, Washington Heights, New York, New York, United States
 uptownhivema@gmail.com

 #### Hours Open today | 06:00 am – 08:00 pm |

 Some classes are by appointment only.

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
