---
source_url: http://uptownhive.org
final_url: https://uptownhive.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:12.774Z
---

# Transform Yourself with Martial Arts Transform Yourself with Martial Arts Transform Yourself with Martial Arts Transform Yourself with Martial Arts

 Experience the physical and mental benefits of traditional and modern martial arts offered at Uptown Hive.

 Free Trial Class

 # Transform Yourself with Martial Arts Transform Yourself with Martial Arts Transform Yourself with Martial Arts Transform Yourself with Martial Arts

 Experience the physical and mental benefits of traditional and modern martial arts offered at Uptown Hive.

 Free Trial Class

 ## Uptown Hive Martial Arts #### Our Programs Welcome to the Uptown Hive, where martial arts come alive!

 We offer a variety of martial arts and combat sports programs to suit the needs of students of all ages and skill levels, including children and adult group classes, and private lessons.

 Our programs are designed to help students develop physical fitness, mental toughness, and self-defense skills.

 View Class Schedule

 #### Our Team Our instructors are dedicated and experienced martial artists committed to helping you achieve your goals. With a wealth of knowledge in various disciplines, we bring passion, skill, and a personalized approach to every class.

 We inspire students to push their limits, build confidence, and embody the core values of discipline and respect. Join us and train with the best as you embark on your martial arts journey!

 Meet Our Instructors

 #### Our History Our school was founded with a vision to create a community of passion, learning, discipline, and respect.

 Inspired by legendary martial artists, our goal is to provide a place where students of all ages can learn self-defense, build confidence, and become the best versions of themselves.

 More than just a school we are a family where kids become heroes and adults find strength. Our school buzzes with the sounds of laughter, determination, and our relentless pursuit of excellence.

 Start Your Journey

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Please reach us at uptownhivema@gmail.com if you cannot find an answer to your question.

 What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ)? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting, BJJ is known for its practical applications and is a core component of modern mixed martial arts (MMA) training. We also offer specialized BJJ classes for Kids, Ladies, No Gi , and competition .

 What is Pak Mei Kung Fu 白眉拳? Kung Fu is where many martial arts, including Karate and Taekwondo originate from. Perfect for students of all levels who want to learn practical self-defense skills.

 PAK MEI Kung Fu is a close-quarters combat system that incorporates grappling with the intent to strike aka "Dirty Boxing" and has been popularized by Cheung Lai Chuen (China), Shaw Brothers' films, Kill Bill, Street Fighter, and Sifu. Classes also include training in mobility , breath work , weapons , and self defense .

 Do you offer a Children's program? Yes , martial arts can be safe and beneficial for kids when taught by experienced and qualified instructors. We prioritize morality, respect, discipline, safety, and proper technique in our classes. Recommended for ages 3-12 years old.

 Do you have a Women's program? Yes , we offer a female led ladies' program for both the comfort of our students and for those preparing for competition. On rare occasions, a male instructor may assist with teaching. Please contact us if you wish to setup an appointment.

 Do you offer Private Lessons? Yes , please contact us below with your training goals and schedule so that we may best assist you on your martial arts journey.

 ## Message Us

 #### Message us to claim your FREE Trial! Name*

 Email*

 Phone*

 Sign up for our email list for updates, promotions, and more.

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Uptown Hive Martial Arts 534 W 178th Street, Washington Heights, New York, New York, United States
 uptownhivema@gmail.com

 #### Hours Open today | 06:00 am – 08:00 pm |

 Some classes are by appointment only.
 View Class Schedule

 Get directions

 ## Social

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
