---
source_url: http://www.imac-nyc.com/program/private-training/
final_url: https://imac-nyc.com/program/private-training/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:08.038Z
---

# Get the One-on-One Or Small Group Guidance You Need to Succeed It’s Time to Pursue Your Goals With Customized Training this Season We only have a few spots left for Private Training!
 Whether you’ve got a specific goal in mind or you’re hoping to take on individualized instruction and learn directly from a professional, we’ve got you covered this Summer at the International Martial Arts Center

 # Get the One-on-One Or Small Group Guidance You Need to Succeed It’s Time to Pursue Your Goals With Customized Training this Season We only have a few spots left for Private Training!
 Whether you’ve got a specific goal in mind or you’re hoping to take on individualized instruction and learn directly from a professional, we’ve got you covered this Summer at the International Martial Arts Center

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 Only A few Spots left for
 Private Training
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for International Martial Arts Center to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 Elevate Your Training with
 ## Personalized Martial Arts Lessons Ready to take your Taekwondo or Hapkido journey to the next level? At the International Martial Arts Center, our Private Martial Arts Training and semi-private sessions are designed for students of all ages. Whether you’re an adult looking to sharpen your skills with adult martial arts classes in Manhattan, or a parent seeking a focused learning environment for your child, we’ve got you covered.
 With tailored lessons, you’ll receive personalized attention from our expert instructors, allowing you to target your unique goals, strengths, and areas for improvement. Flexible scheduling ensures that sessions fit seamlessly into your routine, whether you train solo, with your family, or alongside a friend for added motivation. These sessions focus on mastering every detail, from refining techniques to building confidence, helping you achieve your martial arts aspirations at your own pace.
 Start your private training journey today and unlock your full potential!

 Personalized Martial Arts
 ## Training for Every Age and Skill Level Discover the ultimate way to accelerate your progress with Private Martial Arts Training at the International Martial Arts Center. Perfect for students of all ages and experience levels, our private lessons allow our skilled instructors to customize each session to your unique needs. Whether you’re starting fresh or working toward a specific goal, this program delivers unparalleled focus and results.
 Private training is ideal for young children who need extra support with focus or behavioral challenges, students who may feel overwhelmed in a larger class environment, or anyone driven to achieve their goals quickly and efficiently. For parents, we also offer martial arts classes for kids in Manhattan to help your child thrive.
 With individualized attention and a supportive atmosphere, we’ll help you or your child gain confidence, develop skills, and succeed in every aspect of Taekwondo or Hapkido.

 Unlock Your Full Potential with
 ## Private Martial Arts Training Private Martial Arts Training at the International Martial Arts Center is the fastest way to achieve your goals, whether you’re looking to master new techniques, build confidence, or enjoy a more focused learning experience. For adults, it’s an opportunity to work directly with a skilled instructor who tailors each session to your personal ambitions, helping you advance faster than in a group setting. For kids, martial arts classes in Manhattan offer a supportive environment where they can overcome challenges, stay engaged, and develop self-discipline and confidence at their own pace.
 With one-on-one attention, you’ll receive expert guidance that’s fully customized to your needs. Whether you’re preparing for belt testing, mastering self-defense, or simply seeking a more personalized approach to training, private lessons offer a path to success. Take control of your martial arts journey today and see the difference personalized training can make!

 ## PRIVATE LESSONS PROVIDE INDIVIDUATED INSTRUCTION TO FIT EACH UNIQUE LEARNER. Let's Get Started!

 Reviews and Testimonials
 ## WHAT OUR MEMBERS SAY Discover the real impact of training at the International Martial Arts Center through the inspiring stories of our students and their families. The International Martial Arts Center has helped students of all ages unlock their potential and thrive in a supportive, empowering community.

 Francisco Carrillo
 I started going to this school since last year October and I have no regrets. I’ve truly learned a lot about myself, how I learn and the best part is, the community. I can definitely promise, anyone that comes to this school, there is zero judgment and everyone is truly supportive, teachers and students alike. It really is a great joy to come to class and see how you as an individual progresses along with the your classmates.

 Dino Selita
 Grand Master Hahn is the best. He is a wonderful person and has a intimate knowledge of Taekwondo and Hapkido, anyone that has ever had a interest in learning these styles will not be disappointed. More importantly its a great place to learn self disciple.

 Aubrey Lawton
 Martial Art is a journey and a way of life that provides a lifelong reward. My experience training and learning from Grand Master Hahn has been one of best times of my many years in martial arts. And I can say with confidence that training at IMAC will give you an experience you will never regret.

 Isobel Obrecht
 Great instructors, interesting and engaging blend of Taekwondo/Hapkido. I love the way classes are built around respect for classic forms, self defense skills, and building flexibility/endurance. There is plenty of space and time to go at your own pace and the instructors and fellow students are patient, welcoming, and supportive. As a woman who has been practicing various martial arts for a long time before attending this school, I have often encountered people being condescending or overprotective, especially in schools dominated by men. This school does not have that problem and there is a real understanding that everyone is capable of fighting well, and everyone is deserving of respect.

 Jonella Wong
 I've been taking classes here for about 6 months now, and I can definitely say that my physicality has improved drastically! I feel more in tune with my body, and my stamina levels have heightened. Such a great community too! Coming to IMAC is definitely the highlight of my week!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 Only A few Spots left for
 Private Training
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for International Martial Arts Center to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
