---
source_url: http://www.imac-nyc.com
final_url: https://imac-nyc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:11.494Z
---

- - - - -

 5.0 Rating

 # International Martial Arts Center Manhattan’s Path to Confidence, Focus, and Growth Serving Manhattan for over 30 years building confidence through programs for children, teens, and adults.

 View April Monthly Special

 - - - - -

 5.0 Rating

 # International Martial Arts Center Manhattan’s Path to Confidence, Focus, and Growth Serving Manhattan for over 30 years building confidence through programs for children, teens, and adults.

 Start Your Training Journey

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 View Monthly Special &
 Class Information
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5 – 10) Teen Martial Arts (Ages 10-15) Adult Martial Arts (16+) Private Training -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for International Martial Arts Center to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 WHY CHOOSE
 ## INTERNATIONAL MARTIAL ARTS CENTER Welcome to the International Martial Arts Center (IMAC), proudly delivering top-tier Taekwondo and Hapkido training in Manhattan since 1995. Rooted in a legacy of five Grand Masters and generations of dedicated students, IMAC offers a complete martial arts system that strengthens the body, sharpens the mind, and uplifts the soul.
 Our classes cater to all ages and skill levels, combining the richness of traditional techniques with the innovation of modern forms. At IMAC, our mission is to empower every student to thrive.
 LEARN MORE

 WHY CHOOSE
 ## INTERNATIONAL MARTIAL ARTS CENTER Welcome to the International Martial Arts Center (IMAC), proudly delivering top-tier Taekwondo and Hapkido training in Manhattan since 1995. Rooted in a legacy of five Grand Masters and generations of dedicated students, IMAC offers a complete martial arts system that strengthens the body, sharpens the mind, and uplifts the soul.
 Our classes cater to all ages and skill levels, combining the richness of traditional techniques with the innovation of modern forms. At IMAC, our mission is to empower every student to thrive.
 Learn More

 ## Select a program

 Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5 – 10)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen Martial Arts (Ages 10-15)
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Adult Martial Arts (16+)
 Martial arts classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 Private Training
 Enjoy One-On-One Instruction In Our Private Training
 View Program

 Reviews and Testimonials
 ## WHAT OUR MEMBERS SAY Discover the real impact of training at the International Martial Arts Center through the inspiring stories of our students and their families. The International Martial Arts Center has helped students of all ages unlock their potential and thrive in a supportive, empowering community.

 Aubrey Lawton
 Martial Art is a journey and a way of life that provides a lifelong reward. My experience training and learning from Grand Master Hahn has been one of best times of my many years in martial arts. And I can say with confidence that training at IMAC will give you an experience you will never regret.

 Dino Selita
 Grand Master Hahn is the best. He is a wonderful person and has a intimate knowledge of Taekwondo and Hapkido, anyone that has ever had a interest in learning these styles will not be disappointed. More importantly its a great place to learn self disciple.

 Isobel Obrecht
 Great instructors, interesting and engaging blend of Taekwondo/Hapkido. I love the way classes are built around respect for classic forms, self defense skills, and building flexibility/endurance. There is plenty of space and time to go at your own pace and the instructors and fellow students are patient, welcoming, and supportive. As a woman who has been practicing various martial arts for a long time before attending this school, I have often encountered people being condescending or overprotective, especially in schools dominated by men. This school does not have that problem and there is a real understanding that everyone is capable of fighting well, and everyone is deserving of respect.

 I B
 My daughter loves her classes. Feels very welcoming, positive and inclusive. Every kid seems thrilled to be there.

 Jonella Wong
 I've been taking classes here for about 6 months now, and I can definitely say that my physicality has improved drastically! I feel more in tune with my body, and my stamina levels have heightened. Such a great community too! Coming to IMAC is definitely the highlight of my week!

 Josh Banyasz
 I have been attending classes at IMAC for about two years and I cannot recommend this school highly enough. Grandmaster Hahn lives up to the name and is eager to pass along his knowledge to his students. The other instructors are all very supportive and skilled as well. In the time I've been studying here I've seen a dramatic increase in my own strength, stamina, and flexibility. The days that I attend class are the highlights of my week and I look forward to training here for years to come.

 Kay Castro
 I am a past student of IMAC with Grandmaster Hahn. I had a wonderful experience learning taekwondo and hapkido. The teachers are knowledgeable, supportive, and skillful. I also enjoyed learning with and from my classmates. Sadly, I had to leave the dojang because of the pandemic which led to moving out of state. I often think about IMAC and the awesome experience I had — it’s also influenced me to learn taekwondo in my new state. I wish Grandmaster Hahn the best as well as the awesome students and other masters!

 Natalie Krueger
 Starting Taekwondo at IMAC has been the highlight of my year! The environment has been incredibly encouraging and supportive from both instructors and fellow students. Master Hahn is exceptionally knowledgeable and knows exactly how to help & push each student. The class is adaptable for all skill levels. I would absolutely recommend IMAC to anyone interested in Taekwondo!

 River Albo
 I joined IMAC as an adult beginner, and I'm so glad I did. This school is made up of a community of supportive instructors and students, and I look forward to each class I attend. The adult classes instructed by Grandmaster Hahn helped me develop physical fitness, technique, self defense, and discipline. I highly recommend IMAC to anyone interested in taekwondo and self defense training.

 WHY CHOOSE US?
 ## BENEFITS OF International Martial Arts Center
 Boosts Confidence & Self-Esteem
 As students advance through belts in our Manhattan Taekwondo classes, they build confidence, self-reliance, and life skills. Our programs empower both kids and adults with personal growth and a lasting sense of accomplishment.

 Physical Fitness & Self-Discipline
 Our Taekwondo classes build strength, flexibility, and endurance while promoting focus, self-discipline, and perseverance for both kids and adults. Enjoy better fitness and mental well-being through structured, empowering training.

 Community & Lifelong Friendships
 Children and adults come together to form lasting friendships in a positive, inclusive environment. We foster a supportive community where everyone encourages and inspires each other’s growth.

 ## check out our latest Blogs!
 There’s Always a Way
 There’s Always a Way: A Lesson from John Morgan. Over the years, I’ve met many students from all walks of life. Some come in with excitement. Some come in with fear. And some come in with what we call a “heavy head.” A heavy head means carrying the weight of life—stress, responsibility, work, family—everything at […]
 READ MORE »

 Martial Arts Ultimate Self Control
 🥋 Why Martial Arts Is the Ultimate Self-Control Training International Martial Arts Center – New York City In today’s fast-paced world, stress, distraction, and emotional overwhelm are becoming part of daily life—for both children and adults. The ability to stay calm, focused, and in control is no longer optional. It is essential. At International Martial […]
 READ MORE »

 Role of Martial Arts School in Community
 The Role of a Martial Arts School in the Community By Master Hahn, International Martial Arts Center – New York City In a city like New York, where people come from all over the world, a martial arts school becomes much more than a place to train. At the International Martial Arts Center, we have […]
 READ MORE »
