---
source_url: http://padillabjj.com
final_url: https://padillabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:11.225Z
---

-
 - - Home - CLASS SCHEDULE - GALLERY - Contact

 ## PADILLA BRAZILLIAN JIU JITSU

 ## THE #1 JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN ALLENTOWN, PA

 Surround Yourself with People Who Push You Higher.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## How Does The Free Trial Class Work?

 - STEP 1: Click The "Book Your Free Class" Button And Fill Out The Form on This Page - STEP 2: Choose The Class Calendar & Pick a Date & Time on Our Calendar - STEP 3: You’ll Get an Email and SMS Confirmation With All the Details.

 ## PROGRAMS FOR EVERYONE

 - Classes For Adults and Children Ages 6+

 - Gi and NoGi Classes

 - Beginner and Advanced Classes

 - Evening Classes and Open Mats

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## GALLERY

 ## OUR LOCATION

 2125 28th St SW #150th, Allentown, PA 18103

 ## REVIEWS

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 My entire family attends Padilla Gym, and I cannot speak highly enough of our experience. This is my children's first year in wrestling, and during the off-season, we decided to try Coach Mike's classes to learn some fundamentals. Coach Mike is incredibly patient and graceful with each child, taking his time to show them moves. My four children absolutely love his classes. He effectively caters to every age group, and his staff is also highly knowledgeable. I also take his BJJ class, which is a fantastic workout\! We are excited to continue with his classes for years to come and highly recommend Padilla Gym.
 Read more
 Martin Jimenez

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Both of my kids are attending classes here and for 3 years now and they learned so much and physically got so much stronger! Coach Mike is super great with kids and has a lot of patience. Its very friendly atmosphere for the children to learn and get better at the bjj!
 Read more
 Alina Baluta

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 This is a fantastic place to learn and train Jiujitsu! Mike, the owner, is super knowledgeable and explains the techniques well. Everyone there is helpful and always respectful. As a woman that is important to me and I feel very safe and confident in the skills I am learning. I highly recommend this gym to everyone and especially all the ladies.
 Read more
 Wanda Alderfer

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Our two daughters have been practicing jiujitsu in Padilla BJJ since 2022 and still are going strong to the same place. We like that coach Mike has a special connection to all of his students, he has a healthy balance of being strict and fun. We appreciate his positive attitude, encouragement and helping each kid learn jiujitsu and be better overall. Both of our kids got stronger and they are in a better physical shape thanks to the warms up and extra exercises at the end of each class. I think we could not find any better place for our children to learn Brazilian jiujitsu, they both progressed and learned a lot. My personal favorite moment that the gym is always very clean.
 Read more
 Inna Lanie

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Mike Is one of the most amazing coaches I have ever met. He is phenomenal with kids and the love and passion he has for wrestling and jiu-jitsu is unbelievable. We at the Lions Den wrestling club have Mike Coach our advanced class one night a week and he is phenomenal with the kids teaching them. If you wanna become the best, this is the coach and club you want to go to
 Read more
 brandon g

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Great place to train! I have been training here for a little over 6 years now. Everyone helps each other to improve and better themselves in a familial environment, would always recommend to anyone looking to first start BJJ or looking for a great place to train in general!
 Read more
 Matt Pasqualone

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## COMPANY

 HOME
 SCHEDULE
 GALLERY

 ## SUPPORT

 CONTACT US
 SUPPORT

 ## LEGAL

 TERMS & CONDITIONS
 PRIVACY POLICY

 © Copyright 2026. Padilla Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. All Rights Reserved | Powered by MMA Marketing Pro .
