---
source_url: https://forumbjj.com/
final_url: https://www.forumbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:35.271Z
---

About The Academy

 # A place for those who believe in something bigger than themselves. This is where ideas, techniques, and hard-earned wisdom are shared freely.
 ## Welcome to Forum Jiu-Jitsu Our space is clean, focused, and streamlined. We adapt, we refine, and we embrace change as part of the journey. Our principles? Efficiency. Effectiveness. Mindfulness. Balance. These aren’t just words; they’re the lifeblood of our academy. Every roll on the mat, every class we teach, and every moment is a testament to these values.

 # Jeremiah Wells & Varats Dzmitry UFC Fighter
 (5) Wins By KO
 (4) Wins By Submission
 (5) First-Round Finishes
 All Belt Levels Welcome
 Register & Pay Online
 Space is Limited
 ## Attendance: $60
 Register Now

 Current Schedule

 Pricing & Programs

 Unlimited Access$90/mo, No ContractAdult Classes: Gi/No-Gi, Open Mat, Yoga, MMAJoin Unlimited
 Kids/TeensJiu-Jitsu + MMA$60/mo, No ContractKids Classes (Ages 6-15): Gi/No-Gi, Open Mat, MMASign Up Now
 1X/DayDrop-In$15/day, No ContractAttend a class as a drop-in: Gi/No-Gi, Open Mat, Yoga, MMADrop-In Today

 *Memberships, pricing, and programs are subject to change. We aim to evolve and add to our offerings over time, creating the premier boutique training culture in Central PA and beyond. For more information, please speak to an instructor or contact us.

 Map & Contact

 First Name
 Last Name

 Email
 Phone

 Message

 Or email us:
 info@forumbjj.com

 Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 Stay Connected

 3401 Hartzdale Dr, Camp Hill, PA 17011
 info@forumbjj.com 717-219-4109
