---
source_url: http://www.soulcraftbjj.com/about-soulcraft-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.soulcraftbjj.com/about-soulcraft-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:31.685Z
---

SOULCRAFT MARTIAL ARTS
 martial arts FOR ALL LEVELS!

 CALL US TODAY!

 SOULCRAFT martial arts
 PREMIER martial arts IN hAMDEN, CT

 CALL US TODAY!

 # SOULCRAFT BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAM

 # DISCOVER SOULCRAFT MARTIAL ARTS
 Whether you’re looking to simply get in great shape, want to learn practical realistic self defense, or have the desire to compete in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or fight MMA (mixed martial arts)…we can help!

 We offer the ability to learn in a safe ego-free family environment! With more than 50 years of combined experience, Soulcraft Brazilian Jiu Jitsu/Macarra BJJ in Hamden, CT is New Haven County’s premier academy for learning the “gentle art!”

 TRY A CLASS FREE

 ## WHY CHOOSE SOULCRAFT BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU?

 Under the tutelage of 7th degree red and black belt Master Marcio “Macarrao” Stambowsky and BJJ Black Belt Brad Wolfson, a 20 year veteran teacher and student of Jiu Jitsu in Connecticut, we offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu/MMA instruction for men, women, children and law enforcement RIGHT FROM THE SOURCE, right here in the New Haven area.

 We know a lot of schools in the New Haven area offer MMA/BJJ classes these days, so why choose Soulcraft as a place to start or further your training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu when looking for a place to BJJ/MMA in New Haven?

 It’s our unique friendly training environment is what truly sets us apart. We have already helped scores of people just like you get in awesome shape, gain increased confidence, learn self-defense techniques that work and most importantly; have the time of their life learning Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, or Krav Maga!

 We are more than a great martial arts program… we’re a great community!

 On our mats you’ll find people from all walks of life. Whether you’re a parent looking to reinforce positive core values for your child, an aspiring UFC fighter, or a career-driven professional with minimal free time here in the New Haven area, we’re here for you!

 # SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS NOW!
 GET STARTED!

 ## FAQs
 What is Jiu Jitsu at Soulcraft Martial Arts in Hamden, CT all about?

 Am I’m too old or out of shape to learn at Soulcraft Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?

 No way! At our Hamden, CT studio Brad Wolfson and Master Marcio Stambowsky work with students ranging in age from 4 to 64; and we teach people with varying levels of physical fitness. All of our exercises, drills, and sparring can be tailored to fit your individual fitness goals and everyone in New Haven County can get in great shape while having fun and making new friends!

 I’ve never practiced a martial art before, is Soulcraft BJJ the right environment for me to learn?

 Yes! Our Hamden, CT classes are packed with students from a wide array of martial arts backgrounds. Some hold high rank in other martial arts, while for others, BJJ is the first art they have studied. Soulcraft Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a welcoming family environment. Regardless of your martial arts background, you are welcome to train, learn and grow with us. After all, a black belt is just a white belt who never quits… so come on in!

 What are your training facilities like?

 Soulcraft Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes are conveniently located at 1125 Dixwell Avenue in Hamden, CT. As one of New Haven County’s premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academies, we are easily accessible to the Merritt Parkway, Whitney Ave, Dixwell Ave and I- 91.

 We feature the guidance of a red and black belt master instructor with over 35 years experience and a chief instructor with more than 25 years of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu experience. Soulcraft offers a spacious mat area with plenty of extra room, access to showers and changing rooms and a lounge area for relaxing before or after class. Everything needed to learn some great BJJ techniques and get in the best shape of your life is right here!

 Do I need a special uniform to train at Soulcraft Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?

 Comfortable clothing like shorts, t-shirt, tracksuit bottoms, etc. will be fine for your first day of training with us. Once you decide Jiu Jitsu is right for you, you will want to purchase a gi (training uniform.) We have gi’s for sale at our Hamden, CT academy, or if you prefer, we can recommend places online or in New Haven County to purchase one.

 # Request Information

 ### Get started today!

 ## ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE ## & EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL

 Call Us
 EMAIL US
 1125 Dixwell Ave, Hamden, CT 06514

 Marketing Websites by Ground Standard Agency

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Brava Holdings Inc.

 Privacy Policy | Terms of Service

 Share by:
