---
source_url: https://www.a2jiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.a2jiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:19.314Z
---

# A2 Jiu-Jitsu Martial Arts School
 Schedule

 ## ABOUT OUR SCHOOL
 We are a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school, located just west of Ann Arbor. Our classes accommodate all skill levels, from beginner to advanced. At A2 Jiu-Jitsu, our purpose is to help cultivate your Jiu-Jitsu practice as a way of life.
 Our practice can help you attain self discipline, boost your confidence, and improve both your physical and mental health.
 Whether you are looking for self defense, improving your grappling game, or a fun way to stay in shape, A2 Jiu-Jitsu is the place to find all of those things.

 About

 ## OUR PRINCIPLES

 Humility
 Self Awareness

 Perseverance
 Equanimity

 meet the staff
 ## MEET OUR STAFF

 Andrew Stewart (Coach Stew), a Marine Corps Veteran, first began practicing Jiu-Jitsu in 2006. He earned his black belt from his long time friend and teacher, Ryan Fiorenzi in 2022. For the past several years Andrew has been teaching under the mentorship of Andy DeJesus at Ann Arbor MMA.

 ### Andrew Stewart
 Instructor

 Andy DeJesus (Professor Andy) started training in martial arts at the age of 6. He is a first degree blackbelt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, also earning his blackbelt from Ryan Fiorenzi. He is also a 5th degree blackbelt in Tae Kwan Do, a black belt in kickboxing under Duke Roufus, and a black belt in modern Arnis.

 Instructor

 ### Andy DeJesus

 ## CONTACT US
 734-660-1225 | info@a2jiujitsu.com
 4359 Jackson Rd. Ann Arbor, Michigan. 48103

 Contact
 SUBMIT
 Thanks for submitting!
