---
source_url: https://www.esjjprescott.com
final_url: https://www.esjjprescott.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:43.446Z
---

#### ESA VENDOR APPROVED

 EXCELLENCE SCHOOL OF JIU JITSU

 ### Get in shape, learn self-defense, gain confidence, relieve stress, be challenged.

 Send an email or call us to schedule your class

 JOIN OUR SCHOOL
 JOIN OUR SCHOOL

 ## WELCOME TO EXCELLENCE SCHOOL OF JIU JITSU

 At EXCELLENCE SCHOOL OF JIU JITSU, we make it our priority to help you accomplish all of your fitness goals. In our new, top-of-the-line facility, our world renowned instructors personalize every class to meet the needs of each individual. We believe that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is much more than just a martial art or self-defense system. Our classes will help you build confidence, develop a positive attitude, and instill lessons that are applicable in every aspect of your life. Men, women, and children as young as 4 years old can all benefit greatly from beginning their journey at our academy.

 ## DISCOVER YOUR INNER CHAMPION AT EXCELLENCE SCHOOL OF JIU JITSU Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) has been proven, when used properly, to be an effective method for dealing with bigger and stronger opponents and has become increasingly popular due in part to its great success and popularity in Mixed Martial Arts (MMA). A student can train in BJJ for self-defense, sport jiu-jitsu (and submission grappling) and mixed martial arts competition. It has found its way into the training regimen of nearly every successful martial artist worldwide. At our academy, you will find:

 A fundamental program personalized specifically for you
 •
 A safe and friendly training environment
 •
 A variety of classes available all day for all levels
 •
 The opportunity to learn from a world famous martial artist
 •
 World Class Instruction and supervision in our kid’s program

 # “ ### I can tell you that Eduardo Santoro is a dedicated and very knowledgeable teacher. I've trained with him for the past 18 years, and i guarantee that. He's on the higher level of BJJ, besides he is teaching in an excellent gym with a great team! Debora Quintas - ESJJ Student

 ### SCHEDULE A TRIAL CLASS Take a free class to see if ESJJ Prescott is the right place for you. You’ll have the opportunity to talk with coaches, observe class, and get direct answers to all of your questions.
