---
source_url: http://www.7n7bjj.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.7n7bjj.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:58.213Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art, combat sport, and self-defense system that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. Brazilian jiu-jitsu was formed from Kodokan Judo ground fighting (Ne-Waza) fundamentals that were taught to Carlos Gracie by master Mitsuyo Maeda.
 Brazilian jiu-jitsu eventually came to be its own art through the experimentations, practices, and adaptation from the Judo knowledge of Carlos and Hélio Gracie, who then passed their knowledge on to their family.

 Grandmasters Helio & Carlos Gracie practicing.

 ## The History of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ##### The Birth of a Movement Also known as BJJ, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu originates from the early 20th century in Brazil. The roots of BJJ trace back to Japanese Judo and traditional Japanese Jujutsu, arts that encompass grappling and ground fighting.
 The story of BJJ begins with Mitsuyo Maeda, a prominent Japanese Judoka, who immigrated to Brazil in the 1910s. Maeda was a student of Jigoro Kano, the founder of Judo, and he was instrumental in Kano’s vision of spreading Judo across the world. Settling in Brazil, Maeda befriended the Gracie family, notably Carlos Gracie, who he taught the fundamental techniques of Judo.
 The Gracie family, and particularly Carlos Gracie’s younger brother, Helio Gracie, adapted the techniques to suit their more diminutive physiques, emphasizing leverage and technique over brute strength and speed. This adaptation allowed a smaller or weaker individual to defend themselves against a much larger and stronger opponent. Over time, these modifications gave birth to what is now recognized as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Contact Info 9926 Carmel Mountain Rd Ste BSan Diego, CA 92129

 Phone: 858-245-2107

 ## Office Hours Mon - Fri: 9:00AM - 9:00PM
 Sat: 8:00AM - 1:30PM
 Sun: Closed

 ©2026 Eidson Brazilian Ju Jitsu. Designed and Managed by ViziSites. Terms of Use. Website Accessibility.

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close ## Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT

 - - -
