---
source_url: http://www.7n7bjj.com/adults-program/
final_url: https://www.7n7bjj.com/adults-program/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:59.153Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Adults Program

 ## An extracurricular that pays dividends The Adults program at Eidson Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial arts class—it’s a lifestyle choice that promotes health, well-being, and community.
 As adults, finding a balance between work and personal life can be challenging. So we want to offer a “third place” outside of home and work where you can decompress, engage with a supportive community, and focus on self-improvement with like-minded people.
 The health benefits are extensive, including increased fitness, flexibility, and stress relief, not to mention the considerable contributions to mental health. Join us on the mat to experience how Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can enrich your life with strength, tranquility, and camaraderie!

 We cordially invite you to contact us about scheduling a free introductory class in our adults program.

 #### RESOLVE ISSUE FAST

 #### QUICK SUPPORT

 ### COME VISIT US OR CALL TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT FOR OUR ADULTS PROGRAM New location opening soon
 9926 Carmel Mountain Rd B
San Diego Ca 92129
 858-245-2107
 4sbjj.info@gmail.com
 Conveniently located near Rancho Bernardo, Del Sur, Escondido, Poway, and Rancho Penasquitos

 Class Schedule Contact Us

 ## Contact Info 9926 Carmel Mountain Rd Ste BSan Diego, CA 92129

 Phone: 858-245-2107

 ## Office Hours Mon - Fri: 9:00AM - 9:00PM
 Sat: 8:00AM - 1:30PM
 Sun: Closed

 ©2026 Eidson Brazilian Ju Jitsu. Designed and Managed by ViziSites. Terms of Use. Website Accessibility.

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close ## Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT

 - - -
