---
source_url: http://www.7n7bjj.com/kids-program/
final_url: https://www.7n7bjj.com/kids-program/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:00.113Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Kids Program

 ## Building the champions of tomorrow today

 At the EIDSON BJJ Academy we believe that the training your child receives will last a life time! JUDO & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, will increase their self-esteem and confidence as they are presented with new challenges in a fun safe atmosphere. Your child will have a head start in life because they will be ready to deal with tough situations such as peer pressure and bullying. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instructors will teach your child how to use technique over strength and most importantly your child will have FUN AND LOTS OF IT!
 Kids who enroll in martial arts kids classes tend to have better grades, higher self esteem, learn to develop personal discipline, learn the importance of goal setting, all the while having fun! The class is divided by age and ability to ensure that everyone develop.

 ## Why is it important?

 At Eidson Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we are focused on strengthening our kids through kids classes to enrich their growth and development, and we want to do the same for you and your family as well. We cultivate an environment where young learners build confidence and self-assurance, in an environment that encourages children to step out of their comfort zones, enhancing their sociability and resilience to stress.
 In addition to the physical benefits, an unexpected bonus is an emphasis on emotional intelligence, teaching kids to understand and manage their emotions, which is a crucial aspect of their holistic development, and a cornerstone in martial arts. The skills acquired on the mat—such as discipline, respect, and focus—translate into everyday life, supporting children in becoming well-rounded individuals.

 We cordially invite you to contact us about scheduling a free introductory class.

 #### RESOLVE ISSUE FAST

 #### QUICK SUPPORT

 ### COME VISIT US OR CALL TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT New location opening soon
 9926 Carmel Mountain Rd B
San Diego Ca 92129
 858-245-2107
 4sbjj.info@gmail.com
 Conveniently located near Rancho Bernardo, Del Sur, Escondido, Poway, and Rancho Penasquitos

 Class Schedule Contact Us

 ## Contact Info 9926 Carmel Mountain Rd Ste BSan Diego, CA 92129

 Phone: 858-245-2107

 ## Office Hours Mon - Fri: 9:00AM - 9:00PM
 Sat: 8:00AM - 1:30PM
 Sun: Closed

 ©2026 Eidson Brazilian Ju Jitsu. Designed and Managed by ViziSites. Terms of Use. Website Accessibility.

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close ## Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT

 - - -
