---
source_url: http://www.7n7bjj.com/teens-program/
final_url: https://www.7n7bjj.com/teens-program/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:01.040Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Teens Program

 ## Nurturing independence one roll at a time For teens, the teens program at Eidson Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu offers a dynamic platform where the competitive spirit meets personal development. Whether they are focused on honing their skills for competitions or are looking for a way to stay active after school, we ensure that our teens learn the value of hard work, strategy, and sportsmanship.
 As they train their minds and bodies in our teens program, they simultaneously develop leadership qualities and the ability to defend themselves, both of which are essential during these formative years. We want to empower teens to be assertive and offer a place where parents and youth can grow together. This way, we foster a nurturing community to help teens articulate their needs while learning the discipline that Jiu-Jitsu instills, along with a sense of responsibility and pursuit of excellence, shaping teens to become leaders both on and off the mats.

 We cordially invite you to contact us about scheduling a free introductory class.

 #### RESOLVE ISSUE FAST

 #### QUICK SUPPORT

 ### COME VISIT US OR CALL TO MAKE AN APPOINTMENT FOR OUR TEENS PROGRAM New location opening soon
 9926 Carmel Mountain Rd B
San Diego Ca 92129
 858-245-2107
 4sbjj.info@gmail.com
 Conveniently located near Rancho Bernardo, Del Sur, Escondido, Poway, and Rancho Penasquitos

 Class Schedule Contact Us

 ## Contact Info 9926 Carmel Mountain Rd Ste BSan Diego, CA 92129

 Phone: 858-245-2107

 ## Office Hours Mon - Fri: 9:00AM - 9:00PM
 Sat: 8:00AM - 1:30PM
 Sun: Closed

 ©2026 Eidson Brazilian Ju Jitsu. Designed and Managed by ViziSites. Terms of Use. Website Accessibility.

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close ## Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT

 - - -
