---
source_url: http://www.jiujitsukeller.com
final_url: https://jiujitsukeller.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:20.271Z
---

- - - - -

 5.0 Rating

 # Six Blades Keller Keller’s Premier Martial Arts Facility For All Ages At Six Blades Keller, we believe that embracing the discipline of martial arts is a gateway to living your most empowered life. Dive deeper and discover how our school can be your first step towards transformative growth and self-discovery.

 Select a Program

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 LEARN ABOUT OUR SCHEDULE & TRIAL OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and trial on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids BJJ (5 – 11) Teen / Adult BJJ (12+) Women’s BJJ (12+) -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Six Blades Keller to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 MARTIAL ARTS IN Keller
 ## WELCOME TO Six Blades Keller We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Six Blades Keller, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 OUR PROGRAMS
 ## MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN Keller Looking for the right martial arts class? Check out Six Blades Keller's variety of programs, designed for all ages and skills. Pick one to get more details and kickstart your journey.

 Kids BJJ (5 – 11)
 Give your kids the cool perks of confidence, discipline, winning at life, and knowing how to stand up for themselves!
 View Program

 Teen / Adult BJJ (12+)
 Are you ready to elevate your life and well-being? Explore the numerous physical, mental, and social benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Six Blades Keller.
 View Program

 Women’s BJJ (12+)
 Are you ready to elevate your life and well-being? Explore the numerous physical, mental, and social benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Six Blades Keller.
 View Program

 Six Blades Keller REVIEWS
 ## See what our members say See what our members are saying! Browse through the reviews to get a glimpse of the Six Blades Keller experience straight from our community.

 Jay Bae
 Coach Thiago is a World Class black belt with excellent teaching skills. If you want to learn from the best or you're just looking for some good porrada, Six Blades is the way.

 Aline Magalhães Pereira
 great jiu jitsu school for the whole family

 Akim Kerimov
 An 11-year-old girl has been attending jiu-jitsu classes, and she only started this year, but she is already incredibly happy. Her progress has been very fast, and the coaches are so supportive, creating a very friendly atmosphere that makes learning easy. She goes to training with great joy and fully engages in every lesson.
 The coaches are simply the best you could imagine. It’s clear that they truly love both what they do and the kids they teach. They create a real sense of family and support. That’s why we highly recommend coming to these classes. Whether you are an adult or bringing your kids, you will not regret the time spent here.
 It’s worth it. This is not just a sport, it’s so much more. It’s a real, strong family and a foundation you can rely on. These classes build discipline, motivation, physical endurance, and a healthy body. This is one of the best clubs we’ve ever seen in our lives. Come and you will strengthen both your body and your spirit.

 G Ayala (DFW23)
 Six Blades Keller is a martial art schools with knowledge instructors that teach every aspect of JiuJitsu. They have a curriculum rather than just random positions.

 Solomon White
 Six Blades Keller is your go-to family martial arts destination in Keller. Professor Tiago Pereira has 25 years experience and many IBJJF and ADCC titles. He is great with kids and young adults. So if it's to compete or just to learn self-defense tactics, you'll find a home here.

 Jwoods8808
 I can’t speak highly enough of Professor Tiago and Six Blades Keller. The quality of instruction here is absolutely stellar! Professor Tiago is a wealth of knowledge and goes out of his way to ensure that each student, truly understands each of the techniques. The instructor shows patience and the upmost professionalism with all of his students. Classes are structured, using a curriculum that builds off of each of the previously taught techniques. The students here are extremely kind and welcoming but train hard and push each other to be absolute killers on the mats. Whether it’s for you, or your kids, if you’re looking for a no nonsense academy with top-tier instruction, this is your school.

 Pedro Gonzalez
 Dropped in for an Open Mat. Everyone was great and welcoming. They clearly have great culture. A few of my buddies from this gym come here and their kids and can't speak highly enough about their experience.

 Angel Lira
 Fantastic jiu-jitsu academy! The instructor is highly skilled and supportive, creating a welcoming environment for all levels. The facilities are clean and well-maintained, and the community is friendly and motivating. Highly recommend!

 George Araujo
 Love it… it’s a family atmosphere with great coaches…

 Kim Christner
 Choosing 6 blades Jiu Jitsu keller was one of the very best decisions I could have made in selecting the perfect school for my family to learn a martial art! Excellent professors with extensive knowledge, experience and competition wins in the arts, incredibly professional, knowledgeable and an amazingly helpful staff, they have advanced students who are always willing to help others so regardless if you are a newbie or a experienced student. Everyone supports your growth and development in reaching the next level! Besides the knowledge you gain for the sport you also get a family feel environment! Thank you for all that you do 6 BLADES KELLER!!

 Brian Barker
 Six Blades Keller is by far the best jiu-jitsu academy I've trained at. Awesome atmosphere and welcoming vibe from everybody. They have the best prices too which helps. Thank you Tiago, Dallas, Raven and everyone else at Six Blades Keller.

 Shane Waldrop
 This place is phenomenal if you're serious about sport/competition BJJ and the professors here are nothing short of world class, truly some great folks. They do a fantastic job of breaking down technical moves in a way that makes it very understandable, not smashmouth at all.

 johnathon rodriguez
 This place has been a home away from home. Professer Tiago is like none other, he provides inspiration, accountability, and passion to all that he does. His direction/passion overflows to all his students driving six blades to a place not many see. Excited to see this place grow and prosper with all who train and visit!

 Bernardo Pitel
 Professor Tiago Pereira is a Multiple times world champion, with great knowledge and passion for his students.

 SixBladesBJJ Brasília
 Excellent school, 3 huge mats for training with the whole family.

 Marina Suarez
 Could not be any happier choosing Six Blades! We did our diligence and researched any jiu jitsu school in the area for our son. Six Blades immediately stood out from the rest of them. It sounded reassuring and seemed like all the boxes were checked off for us as parents. We agreed Six Blades was going to be our number one choice and we looked no further. Great atmosphere, friendly environment for kids of any ages, they teach exactly what you need to know in such unique and efficient way. Every time they treat you like a valued family member, and I personally love this. It amazes me how much our son learned in such short period of time! We cannot recommend Six Blades enough!

 Danny Ledesma
 If you’re looking for a Brazilian jiu-jitsu gym this Is hands down the best place to learn and train.
 From the moment you step through the doors, you’re greeted with a sense of purpose and respect. Tiago is not only the master of the art, but he’s also dedicated to pushing you beyond your limits both physically and mentally. Every class demands your full attention, and in return, you gain unparalleled skill, confidence, and a deep understanding of the sport.
 What truly sets this place apart is its commitment to self development. It’s not just about learning techniques it’s about building mental toughness, discipline, and building respect for yourself and for your training partners. Tiago truly cares about your progress.
 In short, this place isn’t just a place to train it’s a transformative experience that leaves you feeling empowered, disciplined, and ready to take on any challenge, both on and off the mats. If you’re serious about jiu-jitsu, this is the place to elevate your game.

 Steven Christner
 The best BJJ group i have been a part of. Tiago is a great teacher to say the least. They are amazing with the kids and adults. If you are looking for a place to learn proper technique and have some one really help you master this art this is the place to go.

 Jenn
 My three kiddos have been going to Six Blades for over 2 years! Great vibes, accomplished Professors that are truly passionate about this sport.

 COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
 ## Providing high-quality martial arts Our martial arts school welcomes students from Keller and surrounding communities. Click on any pinned location to get instant directions via Google Maps, making it easy to see your travel time to our school. Train with us and experience top-quality martial arts instruction, no matter where you're coming from.

 Keller, TX

 Roanoke, TX

 Watauga, TX

 Trophy Club, TX

 Colleyville, TX

 Southlake, TX

 North Richland Hills, TX

 Hurst, TX

 Bedford, TX

 OUR BLOG
 ## HELPFUL TIPS FROM Six Blades Keller Whether you’re a beginner eager to learn, a parent seeking to empower your child, or just curious about the art, our blog is your go-to source for valuable guidance and inspiration. Dive into our posts and embark on a journey to enhance your skills and well-being!

 The Positive Effects of Martial Arts for a Child in School
 Grade school can be quite the experience for any child. It is a place where a child not only learns academically but one where a child must learn to socialize and function in the world. Unfortunately, there are a lot of negative experiences that a child may have when going through school. Whatever those experiences […]
 READ MORE »

 Finding Harmony: Martial Arts as a Path to Balance and Well-Being
 In today’s fast-paced and hectic world, finding a sense of balance and well-being is crucial for leading a fulfilling life. While many turn to meditation, yoga, or other wellness practices, martial arts offers a unique and holistic approach to achieving harmony within ourselves. In this article, we will explore how martial arts can be a […]
 READ MORE »

 Protect Your Heart with Martial Arts
 Every year, the American Heart Association celebrates Heart Month to raise awareness about heart disease and heart health. What you may not know is that martial arts are great for the heart. In fact, the cardiac benefits of martial arts give a whole new meaning to the idea of cardiovascular fitness. With that in mind, […]
 READ MORE »
