---
source_url: http://www.florencebjj.com
final_url: https://www.florencebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:25.732Z
---

# FLORENCE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ACADEMY
 #### CARLSON GRACIE TEAM

 Art of Jiu-Jitsu
 ## The Art of Jiu-Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a grappling-based martial art that centers on the skill of controlling a resistant opponent and rendering him or her harmless. A tough but gentle art, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu allows students of any size to subdue or overcome greater size, strength, and aggression using superior leverage, grip, and position.
 An art with roots in Japanese judo, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was developed into its current form and promoted in the early 20th century primarily by the Gracie family of Brazil. The Gracies introduced the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to the United States in the 1970s.
 ​
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is an art, a sport, and an excellent form of self-defense for men, women, and children. Although Jiu-Jitsu is performed on the ground, it is an incredibly physical workout that requires mental acumen and problem-solving skills. Students learn the art gradually, along with proper breathing techniques and methods of relaxing during practice. Additionally, and perhaps most importantly, students develop persistence, grit, respect, and character when regularly practicing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most worthwhile endeavors that you could ever embark on. We welcome you to join the Florence Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu family!

 ## ABOUT US
 Florence Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy was founded in 2007 by Michael Mann, a Carlson Gracie black belt, Air Force veteran, and career firefighter with the City of Florence Fire Rescue.
 ​
 Our academy, located in historic downtown Florence, Alabama, is part of the Carlson Gracie team, national champions who have won worldwide recognition.
 ​
 Many of our instructors and students regularly compete in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) contests and tournaments -- and win. We welcome students who want to compete at elite levels as well as students who are here to learn self-defense, gain physical endurance, or just meet new people.

 Meet Our Instructors

 ### Ready To Check Us Out? ### Stop By Today.
 ## YOUR FIRST CLASS IS FREE.
 Classes & Schedule

 About Us

 The experienced, knowledgeable, and accomplished instructors will help you learn, grow and accomplish your goals.
 First class is free! After that you can decide what is the best fit for you. There's either a daily mat fee, month to month payment, or 1 year contract. I've really enjoyed my time at this gym. Great training and great people.
 Mike Albretson,
 Florence, Alabama

 I've really enjoyed my time here at this gym. The atmosphere is awesome. It's a great place to Learn about jujitsu, MMA and self defense. All the instructors are awesome people and are all very knowledgeable and experienced. I've met a lot of great friends here and I've gotten to experience things I never would have otherwise. I would most definitely recommend this gym to anyone.
 Dustin O'Kelley,
 MMA and Jiu-Jitsu Fighter

 ## TESTIMONIALS
 Contact Us
