---
source_url: https://www.bjjstamfordct.com
final_url: https://www.bjjstamfordct.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:11.097Z
---

## Carlson Gracie TEAM - CT/Cesar Pereira BJJ
 We are proud to be part of Carlson Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu direct from the source.
 ​
 The coaches at Carlson Gracie Team - CT/Cesar Pereira BJJ have competed at the professional level in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. The coaches are in house every day and can help you reach your goals! We specialize in martial arts for competition, fitness, or just for fun!

 BOOK TODAY

 ### ABOUT

 ABOUT
 Brazilan Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art, combat sport, and a self defense system that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. BJJ was formed from Kodokan Judo ground fighting (newaza) fundamentals that were taught by a number of individuals including Takeo Yano, Mitsuyo Maeda and Soshihiro Satake. BJJ eventually came to be its own art through the experiments, practices, and adaptation of the judo knowledge of Carlos and Hélio Gracie, who then passed their knowledge on to their extended family.

 PROGRAMS

 ### PROGRAMS

 KIDS CLASSES

 We are happy to offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for kids. They will learn the most effective self defense while also learning respect and discipline, all while having fun! Our kids classes are broken down by age groups and run by our black belt instructors. The program is designed to flow seamlessly into the adult program when the child gets old enough, keeping them from getting bored or outgrowing the art.

 ADULT CLASSES

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is our life blood and a majority of our classes are dedicated to it. We offer a wide range of group classes that cater to different skill levels. From easy access Beginner /Self-Defense classes to being able to practice against others in our Intermediate classes. We also offer Advanced classes for those ready to fight competitively.

 ONE ON ONE INSTRUCTION

 Would you like to improve your skills? If you want to accelerate your brazilian jiu-jitsu and get competitive, contact us to schedule your one-on-one with us. We will work with you during a session on a separate schedule that focuses solely on you and getting you to be the better version of yourself.

 ### SCHEDULE

 Monday
 TUESDAY
 WEDNESDAY
 THURSDAY
 FRIDAY
 SATURDAY

 ## Tuesday Class Schedule
 ## 5:15PM
 Competition/Drills Class
 1 Hour

 ## 6:15PM
 Fundamentals BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## Wednesday Class Schedule
 ## 6:00AM
 Fundamentals BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## 11:30AM
 Adult BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## 4:30PM
 Little Kids BJJ (Ages 5-7)
 45 Minutes

 ## 5:15PM
 Big Kids BJJ (Ages 8-12)
 1 Hour

 ## 6:15PM
 Adult BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## Thursday Class Schedule
 ## 5:15PM
 Competition/Drills Class
 1 Hour

 ## 6:15PM
 Fundamentals No Gi BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## Friday Class Schedule
 ## 6:00AM
 Fundamentals No Gi BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## 11:30AM
 Adult No Gi BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## 4:30PM
 Little Kids No Gi BJJ (Ages 5-7)
 45 Minutes

 ## 5:15PM
 Big Kids No Gi BJJ (Ages 8-12)
 1 Hour

 ## 6:15PM
 Adult No Gi BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## Saturday Class Schedule
 ## 11:00AM
 Kids BJJ (All Ages)
 1 Hour

 ## 12:00PM
 Adult BJJ (All Levels)
 1 Hour

 ## Monday Class Schedule
 ## 6:00AM
 Fundamentals BJJ
 1 Hour
 *New class as of February 2nd 2026

 ## 11:30AM
 Adult BJJ
 1 Hour

 ## 4:30PM
 Little Kids BJJ (Ages 5-7)
 45 Minutes

 ## 5:15PM
 Big Kids BJJ (Ages 8-12)
 1 Hour

 ## 6:15PM
 Adult BJJ
 1 Hour

 Instructors
 ## Cesar Pereira Head Instructor
 Professor Cesar is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Black Belt 6th degree under Master Cassio Cardoso / Carlson Gracie Club Jiu-Jitsu. He brings over 30 years of experience, starting his career in February 1992, and earning his black belt in 2001 and has been teaching the Stamford community since Feburary 2011. He also is a certified IBJJF (International Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation) referee, the most important organization of BJJ in the world.

 ### INSTRUCTORS
 Kenny

 Black Belt First Degree
 Adult BJJ Coach

 William

 Black Belt First Degree
 Adult BJJ Coach

 Rafael

 Black Belt
 Adult & Kids BJJ Coach

 Zachariah

 Black Belt
 Adult BJJ Coach

 TESTIMONIALS
 ### TESTIMONIALS

 I've been to many BJJ schools, and Cesar is by far the best teacher I've ever had. He really gets to know each of his students, and pushes us to be our best.

 Ramon Cadeaux
 Adult BJJ

 Contact Us
 ### CONTACT US

 ## Contact Us to Set Up Your FREE Trial!
 First name
 Last name
 Email
 Phone
 I am interested in: * Required
 Adult Classes
 Kids Classes
 One-on-One Instruction

 Additional Information
 After hitting submit, you will be taken to a page to complete our personal information form and waiver. Thank you!

 Submit
