---
source_url: https://gracielakenorman.com/classes/gracie-lake-norman-training-programs/
final_url: https://gracielakenorman.com/classes/gracie-lake-norman-training-programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:45.999Z
---

## Elite Training Starts @ Gracie Lake Norman

 # Gracie Lake Norman Training Programs

 ## Integrated martial arts training at Gracie Lake Norman - Gracie Lake Norman Training Programs Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Our BJJ training emphasizes leverage, technique, & submissions, improving fitness, mobility, & coordination. - Judo Judo classes focus on throws, takedowns, and grappling techniques, enhancing balance, strength, and agility. - Wrestling Our glkn wrestling program develops power, speed, and endurance, teaching effective takedowns and control techniques. - Mindset Training We build mental resilience, positive thinking, and goal-setting to help students overcome challenges and stay motivated. - Assertiveness Training We teach proactive communication, conflict handling, and self-advocacy for personal and professional success. - Resilience Training Our resilience training helps students cope with stress, recover from setbacks, and maintain a positive outlook.

 ### 4-7 Yr old (BJJ Training) "Develop coordination, focus, and confidence through fun Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) activities. Our program introduces basics of BJJ, judo, and wrestling, building a strong martial arts foundation. Kids learn life skills like discipline, teamwork, and respect in a positive environment. Sign up today to set your child on the path to success!"

 Read More

 ### 8-11 Yr old (BJJ Training) "Enhance strength, strategy, and teamwork in a supportive environment. Our program combines BJJ, judo, and wrestling, focusing on physical fitness and mental resilience. Kids develop critical thinking, assertiveness, and effective communication. Join us now to help your child thrive and grow into a well-rounded individual!"

 Read More

 ### 12-15 Yrs Old (bjj training) "Build resilience, leadership, and advanced BJJ skills. Our classes integrate BJJ, judo, and wrestling, pushing teens to overcome obstacles and develop a disciplined mindset. Emphasizing assertiveness and peer mentorship, we prepare teens for life's challenges. Enroll today to empower your teen’s journey!"

 Read More

 ### 16+ Adults (BJJ Training) "Achieve peak fitness, mental clarity, and self-defense mastery. Our adult program blends BJJ, judo, and wrestling for all experience levels. Improve conditioning, strategic thinking, and mental toughness. Classes include mindset training to foster resilience and assertiveness. Start your transformation with us now and unlock your potential!"

 Read More

 ### 35+Yrs old (BJJ Training) "Enjoy low-intensity BJJ for improved mobility, fitness, and stress relief. Our program offers a slower-paced, comprehensive martial arts experience with BJJ, judo, and wrestling. Perfect for staying active and maintaining health. Sign up now to rejuvenate your lifestyle in a supportive environment!"

 Read More

 ### Women Only training "Empower yourself with BJJ in a supportive, women-only environment. Our classes combine BJJ, judo, and wrestling tailored to women, focusing on strength, confidence, and self-defense. Includes mindset training to foster resilience and assertiveness. Join our sisterhood today to thrive together in a motivating atmosphere!"

 Read More

 AMAZING Instructors & Staff. Gracie LKN is an extension of our home. Ranard has been a huge blessing to my 11 yr old boy. He has helped him immensely in boosting his confidence & fostering healthy relationships. This place is on a mission to raise warriors & for that I am extremely thankful. Watching your child blossom & desire to improve their skill is so rewarding for a parent. Thank you Ranard & Leigh Ann.

 MG C. GLKN Parent

 Coach Ranard is a great role model for Sullivan and I both. He has taught Sullivan Jiu Jitsu, life skills, confidence, leadership and many other positive lessons that will serve Sullivan well as he moves through childhood and onto adulthood. I would recommend this organization to all parents. GLNJJ is the perfect balance of JJ and life skills. Also as a bonus GLNJJ offers a balance of martial arts classes.... judo & wrestling. The parents and kids at GLNJJ are like family.

 Mike GLKN Parent

 If you are seeking high quality, legit self defense instruction, this is the place. Ranard breaks down everything to the most minute of details. I've been training Jiu-Jitsu since 2003 and I learn something from Ranard every time I visit him. One of my favorite instructors.

 Robert T. 3rd Degree Black Belt

 My kids have been training for almost 6 months now at Gracie Lake Norman and their progress has been a sight to see. The instruction has not only included jiujitsu techniques but also important life skills including how to project strength, confidence and discipline. Many thanks to the staff for making this such a great learning experience for all students.

 Richard B. GLKN Parent

 I've been training with Ranard at Gracie LKN on and off for the last year and I absolutely love it. He breaks each block of instruction down into specific, memorable movements to build muscle memory and is always willing to repeat and rep it out to drive the point home. The facility is clean, Ranard and Leigh Ann are super nice, and the other students are welcoming and willing to jump in and help with the lessons. Highly recommended regardless of skill level.

 Dan B. GLKN Parent

 This is a great place for kids to learn self confidence and discipline! My daughter has blossomed since she's been training at Gracie Lake Norman Jujitsu! I'm so proud of her progress. Ranard is fantastic with the kids!

 Nikki K. GLKN Parent

 ## Join the Gracie Lake Norman Family Today!Register Now for Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 It’s very easy to sign up for a class by filling in the form below.
 Don’t worry if you’re new to classes. Let the instructor know when you arrive. Your instructor will help you to get started so you can start at your own pace.

 7-Day FREE Trial
