---
source_url: https://gracielakenorman.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-teens/
final_url: https://gracielakenorman.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-teens/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:47.961Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Bjj Teens (12-15 Yrs old)

 Brazilian jiu-jitsu Teen is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It was developed in Brazil in the early 20th century by the Gracie family, who modified traditional Japanese jiu-jitsu techniques to create a more effective self-defense system for smaller individuals.

 Sign up for this class

 ## Set Your Bjj teens up for successHighly engaged Classes

 Welcome to Gracie Lake Norman Jiu-Jitsu’s specialized Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program tailored for bjj teens (12-15 yrs old). We understand the challenges parents face in nurturing their children’s physical and mental growth, which is why our martial arts classes are designed to foster agility, coordination, and confidence while instilling the core values of respect, discipline, and resilience.
 Our curriculum blends the rich traditions of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu with the dynamic techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, providing a comprehensive foundation for young learners. Through engaging games and interactive drills, our dedicated instructors ensure that your child not only learns essential BJJ movements but also enjoys the process.

 ## What We OfferOur Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Teens Program (12-15 Yrs Old)

 - Build a strong foundation in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Mooresville, NC, to achieve long-term success. - Improve coordination, agility, stamina, and flexibility with our BJJ classes for teens. - Cover all fundamental Jiu-Jitsu positions and techniques in our comprehensive curriculum. - Introduce advanced Jiu-Jitsu techniques for students ready to progress in Lake Norman. - Gain detailed insights into core Jiu-Jitsu principles with our in-depth learning. - Balance Gi and NoGi training to create well-rounded Jiu-Jitsu practitioners.

 ## Developers of thriving TeensWhy Parents choose GLKN:

 - Specialized curriculum for youth (12-15 yrs old), focusing on fundamental BJJ techniques. - Encouragement of both Gi and NoGi training for a well-rounded skill set. - Safe and fun environment where teens learn while having a great time. - Emphasis on building resilience, critical thinking, and strategic decision-making skills. - Cultivation of respect for instructors, peers, and parents. - Opportunities for assistant teaching to enhance communication skills & leadership qualities. - Daily interaction with peers to promote social skills development.

 ## Our Program GoalsWe have a mission:

 - Teach & apply Gracie Jiu-Jitsu and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques during live situations. - Foster critical and strategic thinking while building resilience. - Introduce the JAG Self-Offense and Gracie Self-Defense system for bjj teens. - Instill basic self-discipline and confidence in a peer-based setting. - Improve coordination and agility skills through tailored drills and exercises.

 ## Partnership with ParentsIt Really Takes a community

 - Reinforce teachings at home to develop positive habits and routines. - Encourage positive behavior and mindset shifts. - Replace unproductive behaviors with constructive alternatives.

 ## What to ExpectWhat are classes like?

 - Clear instructions, standards, and consistent follow-through from our instructors. - Engaging warm-up exercises to prepare young bodies and minds. - Controlled sparring sessions to reinforce newly acquired skills. - Dedicated assistant instructors providing guidance whenever needed. - Recognition and celebrations to acknowledge your child’s progress and achievements.

 AMAZING Instructors & Staff. Gracie LKN is an extension of our home. Ranard has been a huge blessing to my 11 yr old boy. He has helped him immensely in boosting his confidence & fostering healthy relationships. This place is on a mission to raise warriors & for that I am extremely thankful. Watching your child blossom & desire to improve their skill is so rewarding for a parent. Thank you Ranard & Leigh Ann.

 MG C. GLKN Parent

 Coach Ranard is a great role model for Sullivan and I both. He has taught Sullivan Jiu Jitsu, life skills, confidence, leadership and many other positive lessons that will serve Sullivan well as he moves through childhood and onto adulthood. I would recommend this organization to all parents. GLNJJ is the perfect balance of JJ and life skills. Also as a bonus GLNJJ offers a balance of martial arts classes.... judo & wrestling. The parents and kids at GLNJJ are like family.

 Mike GLKN Parent

 If you are seeking high quality, legit self defense instruction, this is the place. Ranard breaks down everything to the most minute of details. I've been training Jiu-Jitsu since 2003 and I learn something from Ranard every time I visit him. One of my favorite instructors.

 Robert T. 3rd Degree Black Belt

 My kids have been training for almost 6 months now at Gracie Lake Norman and their progress has been a sight to see. The instruction has not only included jiujitsu techniques but also important life skills including how to project strength, confidence and discipline. Many thanks to the staff for making this such a great learning experience for all students.

 Richard B. GLKN Parent

 I've been training with Ranard at Gracie LKN on and off for the last year and I absolutely love it. He breaks each block of instruction down into specific, memorable movements to build muscle memory and is always willing to repeat and rep it out to drive the point home. The facility is clean, Ranard and Leigh Ann are super nice, and the other students are welcoming and willing to jump in and help with the lessons. Highly recommended regardless of skill level.

 Dan B. GLKN Parent

 This is a great place for kids to learn self confidence and discipline! My daughter has blossomed since she's been training at Gracie Lake Norman Jujitsu! I'm so proud of her progress. Ranard is fantastic with the kids!

 Nikki K. GLKN Parent

 ## free 7-day trial experience gracie lake norman for bjj teens

 It’s very easy to sign up for a bjj teens class by filling in the form below.
 Don’t worry if you’re new to classes. Let the instructor know when you arrive. Your instructor will help you to get started so you can start at your own pace.

 7-Day FREE Trial

 #### Join us in empowering your little one with the skills and confidence they need to succeed on and off the mats!
