---
source_url: https://gracielakenorman.com/classes/youth-bjj-8-11-yrs/
final_url: https://gracielakenorman.com/classes/youth-bjj-8-11-yrs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:50.975Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-JitsuFor youth 8-11 Yrs old

 Brazilian jiu-jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It was developed in Brazil in the early 20th century by the Gracie family, who modified traditional Japanese jiu-jitsu techniques to create a more effective self-defense system for smaller individuals.

 Sign up for this class

 ## Set Your children up for successHighly engaged Classes For Youth 8-11 yrs

 Gracie Lake Norman’s BJJ program for Youth 8-11 yrs blends tradition with dynamic techniques, focusing on concepts, principles, and performance. Our world-class instructors offer both Gi and NoGi training, ensuring versatile skill development. Engaging activities build resilience, critical thinking, and confidence while emphasizing respect, discipline, and leadership. Children also benefit from performance and life coaching, enhancing their physical, emotional, and mental growth. Join our supportive community and watch your child thrive.

 ## Developers of thriving childrenWhy Parents choose GLKN:

 - High-Level Instruction: Classes are taught by multiple-time IBJJF Champion. - Specialized Curriculum: Focuses on fundamental BJJ techniques for Youth 8-11 yrs Age. - Balanced Training: Gi and NoGi sessions for a well-rounded skill set. - Safe and Fun: Engaging activities that make learning enjoyable and safe. - Skill Development: Emphasis on resilience, strategic thinking, and critical decision-making. - Respect and Discipline: Cultivates respect for instructors, peers, and parents. - Leadership: Opportunities assistant teaching to enhance communication & leadership skills. - Social Skills: Promotes social interaction and development through daily peer interactions. - Partnership: Assists parents in their child’s physical, emotional, and mental growth. - Holistic Training: Encourages better thinking, strategic skills, and public speaking opportunities.

 ## Our Bjj Program For Youth 8-11 Yrs GoalsWe have a mission:

 - Teach & apply Gracie Jiu-Jitsu and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques during live situations. - Foster critical and strategic thinking while building resilience. - Introduce the JAG Self-Offense and Gracie Self-Defense system. - Instill basic self-discipline and confidence in a peer-based setting. - Improve coordination and agility skills through tailored drills and exercises.

 ## Partnership with ParentsIt Really Takes a community

 - Reinforce teachings at home to develop positive habits and routines. - Encourage positive behavior and mindset shifts. - Replace unproductive behaviors with constructive alternatives.

 ## What to ExpectWhat are classes like?

 - Clear instructions, standards, and consistent follow-through from our instructors. - Engaging warm-up exercises to prepare youth 8-11 yrs bodies and minds. - Controlled sparring sessions to reinforce newly acquired skills. - Dedicated assistant instructors providing guidance whenever needed. - Recognition and celebrations to acknowledge your child’s progress and achievements.

 AMAZING Instructors & Staff. Gracie LKN is an extension of our home. Ranard has been a huge blessing to my 11 yr old boy. He has helped him immensely in boosting his confidence & fostering healthy relationships. This place is on a mission to raise warriors & for that I am extremely thankful. Watching your child blossom & desire to improve their skill is so rewarding for a parent. Thank you Ranard & Leigh Ann.

 MG C. GLKN Parent

 Coach Ranard is a great role model for Sullivan and I both. He has taught Sullivan Jiu Jitsu, life skills, confidence, leadership and many other positive lessons that will serve Sullivan well as he moves through childhood and onto adulthood. I would recommend this organization to all parents. GLNJJ is the perfect balance of JJ and life skills. Also as a bonus GLNJJ offers a balance of martial arts classes.... judo & wrestling. The parents and kids at GLNJJ are like family.

 Mike GLKN Parent

 If you are seeking high quality, legit self defense instruction, this is the place. Ranard breaks down everything to the most minute of details. I've been training Jiu-Jitsu since 2003 and I learn something from Ranard every time I visit him. One of my favorite instructors.

 Robert T. 3rd Degree Black Belt

 My kids have been training for almost 6 months now at Gracie Lake Norman and their progress has been a sight to see. The instruction has not only included jiujitsu techniques but also important life skills including how to project strength, confidence and discipline. Many thanks to the staff for making this such a great learning experience for all students.

 Richard B. GLKN Parent

 I've been training with Ranard at Gracie LKN on and off for the last year and I absolutely love it. He breaks each block of instruction down into specific, memorable movements to build muscle memory and is always willing to repeat and rep it out to drive the point home. The facility is clean, Ranard and Leigh Ann are super nice, and the other students are welcoming and willing to jump in and help with the lessons. Highly recommended regardless of skill level.

 Dan B. GLKN Parent

 This is a great place for kids to learn self confidence and discipline! My daughter has blossomed since she's been training at Gracie Lake Norman Jujitsu! I'm so proud of her progress. Ranard is fantastic with the kids!

 Nikki K. GLKN Parent

 ## free 7-day trial experience gracie lake norman

 It’s very easy to sign up for a Bjj Program For Youth class by filling in the form below.
 Don’t worry if you’re new to classes. Let the instructor know when you arrive. Your instructor will help you to get started so you can start at your own pace.

 7-Day FREE Trial
