---
source_url: http://northsidebjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
final_url: https://northsidebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:15.817Z
---

# North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chicago – Fitness, Self-Defense, Fun
 Get Started Today

 ##### Book a FREE Class! ×

 #### Welcome To Our ### BJJ Academy
 Welcome to North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, a well-established, highly successful, and family-oriented BJJ academy located in the North Side of Chicago! Through world-class professors and rigorous training, we provide unrivaled martial arts classes for students of all ages, backgrounds, careers, capabilities, and goals. We are passionate about getting to know each individual student at our academy and helping them discover the role Jiu Jitsu can play in their life. Whether you’re ready to prepare for the World Jiu Jitsu Championship or just want to get moving after your nine-to-five, we will help you get there. No matter the objective, North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is dedicated to creating champions not just on the mat, but in life!

 ### Summer Camp Registration 2026 ##### Early registration discount until March 31! Who can attend: Ages 5-13 | When: June 15th-19th | What time: 8:00am- 4:00pm

 Join Now ##### Join Our Summer Camp 2026 ×

 ### Programs

 ### Memberships

 ### Schedule

 #### Who We Are at ### North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ### #### Our School North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a great Chicago Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy for everyone looking to thrive. Students are met each day by our supportive, friendly staff who are here to bring the best out of them. Our training will give you noticeable changes within a few months. The structure our BJJ classes offer sets you up to improve physically and mentally with healthy exercise and high-quality techniques. Alongside those developmental improvements, students also gain teamwork, self-discipline, self-control, and resilience. This is supported by having specialized instructors for kids who know how to deal with a room of energetic kids while keeping classes fun and safe. All our students can receive tailored training for their journey that will set them on the path to success at North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu!

 Learn More

 ### #### History We have been providing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chicago and the area for over a decade now. Our journey took us to many places and helped us form a community in Chicago. This all culminated in our move to a new location in December 2024. With our own facility, we have been able to create the best spot for Jiu Jitsu with a clean, bright, and up-to-scale training space. This has included extra mat space, kickboxing bags, and workout equipment, alongside an area for parents to watch class and more! All of this has been done to help maximize the training experience and change lives through Jiu Jitsu. Under the leadership of owner and head instructor Branko Milosevic, we’ve continuously improved everything we do for students. With 20 years of experience, he leads our efforts to create the next generations of BJJ fighters while continuing to support our adult students. Throughout our years, we’ve always made sure to serve all our students and will continue to do so.

 ### What Sets Us Apart
 North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a special academy for training BJJ in Chicago. The culture that has grown here allows anyone to come in and get started. With years of high-end experience and a passion for helping students grow, we have created the best home for your Jiu Jitsu journey. You can take a look below to learn more about what we pride ourselves on.

 ##### Expert-Led Coaching Staff We pride ourselves on having one of the best coaching staffs around. They are experienced martial artists who bring a strong passion for BJJ to every class. The work ethic, development-focused instruction, and personalized attention they provide make every day great.

 ##### High-Quality Facility When we moved to our new location, we were happy to now have a space that is truly OUR home. It is an inviting environment that is spacious, is bright due to big windows, and is always kept clean. There’s tons of space with BJJ mats, Kickboxing bags, and other workout equipment!

 ##### Building the Next Generation Our goal at North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is to build the next generation of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu fighters. Our younger students are provided with the necessary skills to become high-end BJJ athletes for years to come.

 ##### Structured Classes We make sure to keep our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes structured and disciplined. Students have fun while training in the best environment to learn and grow. Everything we do follows our curriculum to build the best grapplers.

 ##### Special Events We have more than Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and MMA classes at North Side. Students can enjoy our summer camps, seminars, adult gatherings, Parent’s Nights Out, and more with us. This is more than an academy – this is a community!

 ##### Judgment-Free Environment No one is judged for where they are in our academy. Whether you are a beginner, hobbyist, or a competitor, you’ll be treated the same as your fellow student. No one is propped up or pushed down at North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu!

 ## Our Academy Schedule! Go check out the schedule at North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. There are plenty of weekly BJJ classes students can sign up for!

 View Schedule

 #### See the fun in our North Side BJJ Classes!

 ### Words from Our Community North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a place for all. We cater training to the individual and help students make the most out of their training. Everything we do is designed to make your experience in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chicago the best possible! But don’t just listen to us. Take a look at our student testimonials to see what makes us a great place for anyone to train!

 Previous “I can’t say enough about Northside BJJ. Branko is an amazing professor. We are lucky to have found him and his wonderful team.”

 Phil Sant
 Google

 “I love training here and would highly recommend to anyone interested in trying out Brazilian Jiu Jitsu!”

 Conor O’Neill
 Google

 “High school aged daughter decided to try. She’s fallen in love from day one! Very inviting and comfortable. Well worth it.”

 Jimmy Rodriguez
 Google

 “The last few years North Side has been an amazing experience for my son. I’m grateful for his professors for inviting him in and helping him develop. It’s truly made a difference.”

 Michelle Lucero
 Google

 “If you’re looking to train whether a newbie or seasoned athlete look no further Northside is the place to be. Great culture and friendly vibes”

 Sung Choe
 Google

 Next

 ### Sign up for a FREE Jiu-Jitsu Class! Join us today at North Side Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with our trial. You can sign up for a BJJ on us to see what we’re all about!

 Join Now ##### Book a FREE Class! ×

 ### Contact Us! We are proud to bring the North Side of Chicago Brazilian Jiu Jitsu! If you are looking for our BJJ academy, you can find us on North Central Ave. between Irving Park and Addison Street!

 773-654-3161

 mataleonbjjchicago@gmail.com

 3649 N Central Ave, Chicago, IL 60634
