---
source_url: http://fenixbjj.com/program/kids-classes
final_url: https://www.fenixbjj.com/program/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:05.328Z
---

BOOK A FREE INTRO

 BOOK A FREE INTRO

 ## teach unshakable resilience
 # brazilian jiu jitsu training for kids and pre-teens in tewksbury and woburn, ma
 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS Year-round enrollment (limited spots available)

 ## pREPARE YOUR KIDS TO FACE THE WORLD with Brazilian Jiu jitsu. Set them up for success from the get-go.
 Life is made of a series of challenges and obstacles. The only way to overcome them is to be prepared, strong and resilient.

 Brazilian Jiu jitsu teaches children to face life head-on and gives them the right tools to deal with their own problems. Our sport is not only about physical strength, it is a mental puzzle-solving game.

 It teaches physical and athletic skills like balance, strength, endurance and coordination, and improves mental fortitude, problem-solving ability and discipline . It instills values like patience, impulse-control and teaches many other skills transferable to life.

 Nothing but positives! Since starting out at Fenix a couple years ago we watched my daughter grow mentally and physically. They motivated her and boosted her confidence immensely!

 The staff and coaches are amazing at what they do!"

 - Lisa Murphy, Fenix parent

 Instill discipline, confidence and self-control

 Teach them to win (and how to deal with losses)

 Improve focus, attention and concentration

 Strengthen the physical and the mental

 ## 18 Years oF 5-star Teaching ## Why Fenix Brazilian Jiu jitsu?
 Our first location opened in 2007 and, over the past 18 years, thousands of members have spent time on our mats. Today our Woburn and Tewksbury facilities are home to hundreds of active members .

 At Fenix Brazilian Jiu jitsu you will find:

 - 2 Central Locations: Easily-accessible facilities in Woburn and Tewksbury, MA. - Professional and Experienced Instructors: A staff of qualified and competent instructors and assistants. - Ample Mat Areas: Training rooms with matted floors and padded walls, providing a safe training environment for our students. - Dedicated Parents Room: A secluded lounge area where parents can relax and watch the sessions while their kids train.

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 YOUR MEMBERSHIP

 MONTH-TO-MONTH COMMITMENT, NO LONG-TERM BINDING : Recurring memberships can be terminated with a simple 30-day notice. Your monthly fee is also guaranteed to stay unchanged for a full year.

 YEAR-ROUND TRAINING AND INTAKE : New members can join the team throughout the year. Classes go on as usual during summer months and school-break periods .

 FAMILY DISCOUNTS AND MEMBERSHIP DEALS : Enjoy reduced membership prices for siblings and special bundles for families of 3+. Get in touch for more information today!

 ## A DAY AT FENIX
 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## WHAT PARENTS ARE SAYING
 “Very welcoming and the coaching is phenomenal"

 ##### Benjamin Thayer

 “I can’t say enough about the coaches at Fenix BBJ Tewksbury. They are all AMAZING!!!"

 ##### Kimberley Papa

 “Challenging, encouraging, supportive, and fun, Fenix is a gift."

 ##### Mark Mulvaney

 ## OUR Programs
 4 groups divided by age and skill level

 Click a program to learn more.

 ### LITTLE GRAPPLERS BJJ Classes For Ages 3-5

 ### Kids BJJ Classes For Ages 6-8

 ### Juniors Beginners Beginner BJJ Classes For Ages 9-12

 Button

 ### Juniors Intermediate Intermediate BJJ Classes For Ages 9-12

 Button

 ## LITTLE GRAPPLERS | Ages 3-5
 The best way to keep a student active and motivated is to keep them happy and interested. That is why the main goal of our Little Grapplers program is to instill love for our sport in our students.

 The classes are well structured, engaging and based on pedagogical concepts such as teaching games for understanding , implicit learning and positive reinforcement (while maintaining a heavy focus on safety).

 Students develop physical skills such as coordination, balance, endurance, flexibility and strength, while learning the basic concepts, techniques and strategies of Brazilian Jiu jitsu.

 Schedule :
 - Tewksbury: Tuesdays (Group A), Thursdays (Group B) and Fridays (Group C), all at 4pm - Woburn: Thursdays (Group A) and Fridays (Group B) at 3:45pm; Saturdays at 10am (Group C) and 11am (Group D)

 ## Kids | Ages 6-8
 The main goal of our Kids program is to motivate our students to learn, grow and develop more complex athletic and social skills through Brazilian Jiu jitsu. The classes are mentally challenging and physically demanding, while focusing on the student's safety and well-being .

 Our Kids program aims at increasing confidence, athletic capacity and ability to focus (while nurturing their interest for our sport). Each session is designed to keep the students physically active, happy and emotionally engaged .

 Schedule:

 - Tewksbury: Mondays and Wednesdays at 4pm - Woburn: Tuesdays and Thursdays at 3:45pm

 ## Juniors | Ages 9 - 12 ## Beginners
 The Juniors program for beginners aims at teaching our students the basic rules, strategies and techniques of our sport while preparing them for our intermediate level program.

 The classes are fun, well structured and focus on keeping the students active and interested , while developing more complex and diverse athletic skills.

 We have high expectations for our Juniors but respect every student's experience level and athletic abilities. Each session aims at motivating our students to be physically active and is structured with extra focus on safety .

 Schedule:
 - Tewksbury: Tuesdays and Thursdays at 4:40pm - Woburn: Tuesdays and Thursdays at 4:20pm

 ## juniorS | Ages 9-12 ## Intermediate
 The Juniors Intermediate program is an invitation-only group for students with a higher level of skill and experience, and an interest for competition and technical development.

 The sessions are demanding and engaging, and aim at teaching the students about more complex scenarios and techniques. The program also aims at preparing the students to join our adults program (from the age of 14).

 As with all of our programs, safety is a core pillar in our Juniors Intermediate sessions. Students are motivated to progress, encouraged to explore their athletic boundaries and develop their own techniques and strategies.

 Schedule:
 - Tewksbury: Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 4:40pm - Woburn: Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 4:20pm

 ## Ready to give Brazilian Jiu jitsu a try?
 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## Our Facilities

 ## Our COACHES
 Meet our team of expert, passionate coaches.

 ### Ron Campos Founder / Head Coach

 A 4th-degree BJJ black belt coach Ron started training Brazilian Jiu jitsu in the early 90's in his native country of Brazil.

 With more than 30 years of experience in Brazilian Jiu jitsu, Judo, Wrestling, and MMA Ron started competing in BJJ in 1994. He fought professionally in MMA holding the welterweight title belts for Cage Rage and ISF in the UK.

 Coach Ron teaches regularly at both Fenix Woburn and Tewksbury.

 ### Chris Sanders Coach

 Chris Sanders started training in BJJ in 2004 and got promoted to black belt in 2018.

 He has spent 26 years as an active-duty police office in New York and New Hampshire and is today a training specialist at the NH police standards and training council.

 Coach Sanders teaches regularly at both Fenix Woburn and Tewksbury.

 ### Chris White Coach

 Coach Chris is a Brazilian Jiu jitsu black belt and has been part of the Fenix coaching staff since 2017.

 He has been an active competitor and is a multi-time IBJJF open champion, NAGA champion and a 2-time Fight 2 Win Pro.

 Coach Chris teaches regularly at Fenix Woburn.

 ### Vinny Silva Coach

 Coach Vinny started his training in Judo at the age of 3 in his native country of Brazil. In 2008 he started his journey in Brazilian Jiu jitsu, being promoted to black belt in 2018.

 With a degree in Physical Education and Sports Pedagogy, and more than 10 years of experience as a trainer, he is the head coach for the kids program at Fenix Brazilian Jiu jitsu Tewksbury.

 Coach Vinny teaches children and adults multiple times a week at Fenix Tewksbury.

 ### Colleen Hennigan Owner / Coach

 Coach Colleen is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu brown belt and, together with coach Ron, one of the owners of Fenix Tewksbury.

 She is a IBJJF Worlds Master and Pan American champion and teaches regularly at Fenix Tewksbury.

 ### Ethan Jorgenson Coach

 Coach Ethan started training in 2014 and got promoted to brown belt in 2023.

 He has been an active competitor winning the Jiu jitsu World League lightweight title as a purple belt, the featherweight title as a brown belt and medaling multiple times at IBJJF, NAGA and Grappling Industries tournaments. In 2025 he became the IBJJF Boston Open Brown Belt Featherweight Champion.

 Coach Ethan teaches regularly at Fenix Woburn.

 ## Our Locations

 ### Woburn 911 Main St, Woburn, MA 01801, United States of America

 781-420-0390

 ### Tewksbury 1830 Main St, Tewksbury, MA 01876, United States of America

 339-221-2306

 ## Ready to give Brazilian Jiu jitsu a try?
 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
 - How do I know if Brazilian Jiu jitsu is right for my son / daughter?Students with all kinds of backgrounds, interests, athletic abilities and personalities train at Fenix. Some are shy, others are natural extroverts. Some are talented athletes while others are have a limited athletic background or little interested for conventional sports. In our opinion, the most important signs you should look for in your child are a willingness to try something new and an interest in having fun through sports. From there, the best way to find out if Brazilian Jiu jitsu is the right sport for them is to try it by booking a free intro class with us and making your decision based on their experience. - What if my son / daughter starts training and wants to quit after a few weeks?While we do our best to motivate and encourage our students not to give up (even when they go through a phase where they lack motivation) we understand kids can sometimes lose interest for sports or other activities. For that reason our month-to-month contracts do not bind students for long periods of time, and we will comply to membership termination with a simple written 30-day notice. - My son / daughter is uncordinated, not athletic and does not like to play sports. How do I convince them to give Brazilian Jiu jitsu a try?Many of our current students have come to our facilities after dropping out of other sports due to lack of interest. Sometimes parents will even tell us they “have tried every sports there is”.Brazilian Jiu jitsu is a non-conventional sport, very different from main-stream options like baseball, soccer, football or swimming. For that reason, many kids who “hate sports” end up finding out they love Brazilian Jiu jitsu, since our sport very different then everything else they have tried.At Fenix we offer new students a free introductory class. We think that is the best way to introduce our sport to children and their parents. - My son / daughter has been diagnosed with ADHD, ADD, autism or other psychological condition. Is Brazilian Jiu jitsu for him/her?While children struggling with behavioral and psychological conditions should, first and foremost, get the medical attention / treatment they need, spending time involved in a sport like Brazilian Jiu jitsu can a have a positive effect on kids who struggle with focus, motivation, hyper-activity, etc. Here are a few reason as to why we think Brazilian Jiu jitsu can be benefitial: • BJJ is an individual sport, but plays out in a social environment • Classes are well structured, based on games, technique training and problem-solving • Students are continuously in motion, encouraged to ask questions and use their creativity to solve the problems they encounter during a training session - Are you open during summer or school breaks?Yes, our facilities are open year-round with regular training during summer and school breaks. - Will I find the place? What about parking?Please scroll up the page for information about our Tewksbury and Woburn locations. Both our facilities offer parking on site. - How much does a membership cost?Membership prices vary depending on age group and level. Please get in touch for more information.

 ### "I WISH I HAD STARTED SOONER"
 That is probably the number one feedback we hear from our students. Well, you can't rewind the clock but you can give Brazilian Jiu jitsu a try today and avoid future regrets - book your free intro now!

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## ABOUT US
 Fenix Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was founded in 2007 in Woburn, MA by Coach Ron Campos, a martial artist with 25+ years of experience, including BJJ, Judo, Wrestling, and MMA. With over 50 classes per week (early mornings, noon and afternoons/evenings) Fenix teaches Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to children from 3 years old and up, teenagers and adults of all ages and experience levels.

 Fenix Woburn is located at 911, Main Street in Woburn, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Woburn, Burlington, Reading, Bedford, Andover, Lexington, Stoneham, Lynnfield, Billerica, Wakefield, Winchester, Wilmington, Lowell, Lawrence & North Andover.

 Fenix Tewksbury is located at 1830, Main Street, Tewksbury, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Tewksbury, Andover, Wilmington, Lowell, Middleton, Tyngsborough, Lawrence, Reading, Lowell, Pelham, Dracut, Burlington, Lynnfield, Billerica & North Andover.

 Get in touch today for a FREE 1-on-1 introductory class!

 ## QUICK LINKS

 ## CONTACT
 Tewksbury, MA

 1830 Main St, Tewksbury, MA 01876, United States of America

 339-221-2306

 fenixbjjtewksbury@gmail.com

 Woburn, MA

 911 Main St, Woburn, MA 01801, United States of America

 781-420-0390

 bjjfenix@gmail.com

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
