---
source_url: http://www.elementbjj.com
final_url: https://www.elementbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:30.830Z
---

Skip to main content
 Skip to navigation

 ### ELEMENT ACADEMY ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu • Muay Thai Kickboxing ### Virginia Beach, Virginia

 Element Academy of Jiu-Jitsu is a Martial Arts Academy located in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Our team is led by former UFC Fighter and 3rd Degree Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt, Mackens Semerzier. We are proud members of the 'Luiz Palhares Jiu-Jitsu Association' lead by 8th Degree White and Red Belt, Master Luiz Palhares. Master Luiz was promoted to Black Belt in 1984 by Master Rickson Gracie and Grand Master Helio Gracie.

 We have a professional and experienced staff with over 30 years of Martial Arts competition and instructor experience.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai are not only amazingly effective Martial Arts, which gives the smaller and sometimes weaker person a fighting chance against a larger, stronger, and possibly more athletic opponent, it is great for stress relief, fitness, and socialization. Many new students have never tried a physical activity like this and are keen on trying something new. Some are missing the team sports atmosphere of group training and the camaraderie that it builds. Others would like to learn how to defend themselves better against a dangerous attacker situation. We have all of those needs covered at our Martial Arts Academy.

 From beginner enthusiast wanting to get into better physical conditioning and learn self-defense all the way to the experienced Martial Artist on their path to Black Belt; our team has you covered.

 ELEMENT ACADEMY OF JIU-JITSU

 ## INSTRUCTOR

 Mackens Semerzier
 UFC Veteran | BJJ Black Belt

 Martial Arts Instructor

 Element Academy of Jiu-Jitsu is lead by UFC Veteran Mackens Semerzier.
 Professor Mackens is originally from Miami, Florida and is a lifelong Martial Artist. He has taught, competed, and coached at the highest levels of Martial Arts. He has extensive experience in wrestling, boxing, muay thai kickboxing, mixed martial arts, military defensive tactics, and personal self-defense to complement his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu knowledge. Mackens has been teaching formal classes since 2002, starting with security courses while enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. Mackens served for 8 years and reached the rank of Sergeant. While on active duty he spent time as a FAST Company Squad Leader, Forward Observer during Operation Iraqi Freedom, and taught Security Courses to young Marines before being Honorably Discharged. After completion of his military service he continued to pursue his Martial Arts passion which allowed him to train, teach, and compete across the world.
 Notable Achievements:
 - WEC / UFC - 2 Time Fight Bonus Award Winner (Submission of the Night & Fight of the Night) - 2009 MMA WORLD RANKED at #10 in the Featherweight Division - Multiple time regional BJJ Gi and No-Gi Champion - Multiple time WKA MMA Featherweight Champion - Military Combatives Instructor
 Professor Mackens was awarded his Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 2013 after only 7 years of dedicated training. In 20 22 8th Degree Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu White and Red Belt, Master Luiz Palhares promoted Mackens to 3rd Degree Brazilian Jiu-Ji tsu Black Belt.
 Mackens is known for his light hearted personality, sharp technique, and passionate commitment to teaching students of all skill levels.

 IT ONLY TAKES A FEW CLICKS TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE FOREVER
 WELCOME TO ELEMENT ACADEMY IN VIRGINIA BEACH

 ## MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAMS

 ## Youth ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## Adult ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## Thai Boxing ## (Muay Thai Kickboxing)

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 Youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 - Ages 5-13 - All youth students start in our Youth Fundamental Jiu-Jitsu Program which is specifically designed to help instill the most important techniques and tactics of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. - Youth Self-Defense taught in a fun and energetic way by certified expert instructors in a clean, safe, and friendly environment. - Students learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu concepts and techniques that are adapted to young students for maximum effectiveness. - Our Youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program builds confidence, discipline, teamwork, and physical fitness. - We use an online rank tracking system for easy progression tracking and belt promotion updates. - No experience is necessary and those with experience are always welcome; the first week is FREE and no gear is needed, just come in and have some fun. - Students are always paired and separated by age, size, and experience level to maintain a fun and safe training environment.

 FREE TRIAL

 Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 - Ages 14 and older - Beginner to Advanced level training; no previous experience needed - Covers all major positions of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, designed to build upon the techniques of the week. - Gi and No-Gi training every week filled with new and interesting concepts and techniques. - A great class to keep up with the latest functional innovations of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. - Situational training at the end of every session. - This is a great opportunities to practice the techniques you've learned that day with a resisting training partner. - Optional open rolling sessions at the conclusion of every class to hone in on positions and techniques that you may be focusing on as you build your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu knowledge.

 FREE TRIAL

 Thai Boxing
 (Muay Thai Kickboxing)

 - Ages 14 and older - Beginner to Advanced Muay Thai Kickboxing training - Covers all aspects of Thai Kickboxing - Great for stress relief of day-to-day life - Excellent fitness training with variety in a group setting to keep you accountable - Amazing form of self-defense against uncomfortable situation outside the Academy - Supreme Confidence builder and overall wellness booster - Learn from experienced instructors in a friendly and clean environment - Situational sparring and conditioning training at the end of every session - Great as an addition to your BJJ training as well as a great program to train soley; both membership options available

 FREE TRIAL

 ## OUR COMMUNITY

 ## LOCATION

 ### ELEMENT ACADEMY ### 434 Newtown Rd. Virginia Beach, VA 23462

 YOU DON'T NEED TO BE GREAT TO START BUT YOU DO NEED TO START TO BE GREAT
 WELCOME TO ELEMENT ACADEMY IN VIRGINIA BEACH

 Request More Info

 Shop Online

 Social Media

 ## CONTACT US

 ## Hours

 Monday - Friday
 5:00PM - 9:00PM
 Saturday
 12:00PM - 1:00PM
 Sunday
 Closed

 ## Address

 Element Academy
 434 Newtown Road
 Virginia Beach, VA 23462

 ## Reach Us

 Email
 info@elementbjj.com
 Phone
 757-515-0231

 Google Sites

 Report abuse

 Google Sites

 Report abuse
