---
source_url: http://www.silvafusion.com/programs
final_url: https://silvafusion.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:10.330Z
---

# Achieve Your Goals with Silva Fusion MMA & BJJ #### Little Ninja BJJ #### Kids Mixed Martial Arts #### Kids Mixed Martial Arts
 A fun-filled, coordination enhancing class that revolves around listening and response drills. Bully Prevention and Stranger Awareness aligned with the life values of focus, confidence, and self discipline. The building blocks of our martial arts programs. Ages 4,5,6

 #### Kids Mixed Martial Arts #### Kids Mixed Martial Arts #### Kids Mixed Martial Arts
 A life-skill infused program which is motivated by respect, determination and perseverance. A complete blend of the best modern Mixed Martial Arts and self-defense training that also keeps the values of traditional Martial Arts. Junior MMA focuses on stand-up self defense striking using the arts of Boxing, Kickboxing, and Muay Thai. The classes also focus on No-Gi grappling offenses and defenses to help the student protect themselves from one of the most common self defense scenarios: getting knocked to the ground.
 Bags & Pads Class consists of fundamental striking techniques and capabilities. Students will work with freestanding bags as well as partners to gain skill and MMA strategy. Any student looking to participate in Kids MMA Sparring will be required to have headgear, gloves, shinguards, mouth piece and chest guard.
 (Ages 7 - 12)

 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids & Adult) #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids & Adult) #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids & Adult)
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling but especially ground fighting. BJJ is a martial art that focuses on the ground, where leverage and physics are used with knowledge of the anatomy to gain control of certain situations and defeat opponents without use of excessive strength, allowing even smaller people to submit larger and stronger people through pressure, joint locks, and chokes. BJJ is split into two styles: Gi and No-Gi.

 Little Ninja BJJ - Ages 4-6
 Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Ages 7-15
 Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Ages 16 to Adult
 No Experience Required.

 -Kids BJJ Competition Team-
 -Adult BJJ Competition Team-

 #### Muay Thai #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids & Adult) #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids & Adult)
 The Art of Eight Limbs. Muay Thai boxing is a combat sport of Thailand that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. This discipline is known as the "art of eight limbs" as it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees, and shins. An explosive workout with heart pounding music that can burn up to 1,000 calories per hour that uses todays training methods and movements.
 CERTIFIED THAI BOXING ASSOCIATION of the USA.
 ​(Ages Teen to Adult)
 No Experience Required.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
