---
source_url: http://www.catalystbjj.com
final_url: https://catalystbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.483Z
---

# Catalyst Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 ​Catalyst Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy brings Northern Colorado a new set of expectations. The high-ranked instructors, strong team focus and incredible facilities makes Catalyst unlike any other in the region.

 Loveland Schedule

 Windsor Schedule

 # UNLEASH

 # Your Inner SELF

 Students will enjoy not only access to both of the two-story academies, but no one can deny the element of individual support that the team provides. Learning from some of the most decorated competitors in Colorado, Catalyst students will benefit from curriculums specializing in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, Boxing, Wrestling, Judo and Strength & Fitness. Centrally located in both Loveland and Windsor, CO, students have quick and easy access from neighboring towns such as Berthoud, Fort Collins, Timnath, Johnstown, Milliken, and Greeley.

 Sign Up For A Free Trial

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Youth Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Kickboxing

 #### "Jiu-jitsu and kickboxing classes are both excellent. All of the instructors are good at teaching, they have impressive records, and you get a lot of individual coaching and feedback. It's just an all-around great group."

 ## Boost your confidence and self-esteem - without the monotony of a traditional gym.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu stands out as an exceptional self-defense method, empowering smaller individuals to leverage technique and grappling to overcome larger, stronger opponents. Our curriculum covers a spectrum of skills from fundamental to advanced, including takedowns, chokeholds, grappling, and joint locks. Each session is designed to prepare you for real-world self-defense scenarios while improving your fitness.

 Learn More

 Truly an amazing place. Coaches and professors are highly technical and knowledgeable with a friendly and accepting atmosphere.
 A perfect gym for competitive individuals.
 -Andre C.

 After a long break, I am rediscovering my love of Jiu Jitsu thanks to the coaches and other students at Catalyst. The coaches are not only extremely knowledgeable and supportive, but also so welcoming. The atmosphere in this academy full of highly skilled athletes has been cultivated to encourage growth in a challenging and safe manner. There is a place for everyone, and I am so thankful to have landed here.
 -Ingrid L.

 Catalyst is an awesome environment whether you are new to Jiu Jitsu or have a lot of time in the sport. They have great coaches, a welcoming atmosphere, and friendly members. Everyone I have met here is passionate about learning and helping others learn. Couldn't ask for more.
 -Josh D.

 ## Catalyst Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy sets a new standard for Northern Colorado.

 Regardless of your current skill level, our experienced instructors customize each lesson to help you reach and surpass your personal goals. Join us at Catalyst BJJ and start your journey towards a fitter, more confident you!

 Our Instructors

 #### "Clean space, knowledgeable instructors, and the friendliest community I've ever encountered in a gym!"

 # CONTACT US

 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
 Name * First
 Last

 Phone Number *
 Email *

 Submit
