---
source_url: https://www.alamoheightscombatclub.com
final_url: https://www.alamoheightscombatclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:25.852Z
---

Adults Our classes teach fitness, mobility,
 and effective self-defense techniques.

 Women Focusing on fitness, self-defense, and the confidence to take on larger opponents.

 Kids Focuses on key social skills like good manners,
 respect, empathy and teamwork.

 Now Offering Wrestling Classes

 ## Get to know Alamo Heights Combat Club

 Our Mission

 What is BJJ?

 About Us

 What To Expect

 World class Jiu-jitsu instruction

 Alamo Heights Combat Club provides world class Jiu-jitsu instruction in a family oriented , supportive environment. Health, fitness, and better performance in our everyday lives are side effects of our practice and methodology.

 Learn More

 What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art focused on grappling and submission techniques, emphasizing leverage, technique, and strategy over strength. Rooted in the principle that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a larger, stronger attacker, BJJ emphasizes ground fighting and the intelligent use of body mechanics over brute strength. It’s both a self-defense system and a lifelong discipline that cultivates physical fitness, mental resilience, and problem-solving under pressure.

 Get Started

 Meet Nuno Martins: A Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt

 Discover the inspiring journey of Nuno Martins, a Portuguese jiu-jitsu black belt under Arnaldo Alves. Follow his path from airline pilot to grappling athlete, as he becomes one of the top European competitors and earns numerous titles in the IBJJF circuit.

 Read More

 How We'll Help You Reach Your Goals in Jiu-Jitsu

 Our expert instructors will guide you through the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, teaching you practical self-defense skills, and instilling in our students confidence, discipline, respect, and teamwork. In our safe and supportive environment, you’ll develop strength, agility, flexibility, and cardiovascular endurance while making new friends and having fun!

 Get Started

 Summer camp 2023
 Limited Space!

 - Ages 3 - 12 - 8AM - 3PM - June and / or July

 - Ages 3 - 12 - 8AM - 3PM - June and / or July

 Learn More

 ### Hear from our AHCC family

 - Patience - Dedication - Discipline - Fun

 ### Not sure where to start? We can help.

 37468 20488
