---
source_url: http://selfreliantjiujitsu.com/youth-program
final_url: https://www.selfreliantjiujitsu.com/youth-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:44.299Z
---

#
 - Home - Who We Are - Youth Program - Schedule - Join SRJJ - Free Trial - Code of Conduct - Connect With Us

 - Youth Program - Youth ProgramJiu jitsu teaches children to discipline their minds and bodies by challenging them on the mat. The goal is to not only provide the student with a place to work hard and pursue goals but also set forth a clear path toward improvement while having fun. SRJJ's youth program helps students build confidence in themselves and respect for their peers. Classes include one hour of instruction tailored to the child's age group, taught by our experienced youth instructors. Each session includes learning a technique, drilling for mastery and games related to the day's lesson. As skills improve, children will be promoted to new belt levels. In jiu jitsu, children begin as white belts and are promoted to gray, yellow, orange, then green belts.Youth Instructors Advanced Jiu Jitsu Program Director - J. Andrew Thomas A father of two jiu jiteros, world champion and crafter of more, teaches advanced kids jiu jitsu. His Philosophy:"You don't underestimate your kids and neither do I. Disciplining the mind is the goal. WIth our minds on point, our bodies can begin to learn what they are capable of. Once we understand that, we are satisfied in who we are." Beginners Jiu Jitsu Program Director - Marie Thomas Our kids played at jiu jitsu as soon as they could walk. It was a natural tendency. Our jiu jitsu beginners course follows their same progression. Her Philosophy:"Integrating concepts, techniques, and developing strength of mind alongside the body lays the fundamental groundwork for a study of jiu jitsu. We build productive pracitioners through play and graduate them to our advanced program at their pace." -

 Cookie Use
 We use cookies to ensure a smooth browsing experience. By continuing we assume you accept the use of cookies. Accept
 Learn More
