---
source_url: http://www.nebjj.com/programs
final_url: https://www.nebjj.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:39.229Z
---

Menu
 # Programs ### At NEBJJ you will find a friendly, laid back environment that welcomes everyone with a desire to learn, work hard and be part of a unique team. Our instruction focuses on the practical implementation of Martial Arts and self-defense techniques.

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ### BJJ revolves around the fundamental concept that a smaller, weaker individual can successfully defend him or herself against a larger, stronger, and heavier opponent by effectively utilizing leverage and strategic weight distribution. This martial art takes the fight to the ground, where practitioners can employ a variety of holds, techniques, and submissions to gain the upper hand and ultimately defeat their adversary. The training offered in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can be applied to both competitive sport grappling and real-world self-defense situations. Our diverse student body includes office workers, technical professionals, law enforcement officers, teachers, and many others. We genuinely have something valuable for everyone, whether you are seeking to build confidence, develop effective self-defense skills, improve your overall fitness levels, or simply want to try something new that has the potential to enhance your quality of life.

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ### New England BJJ also offers a variety of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes specifically designed for children. First, we have our Lightning Sprites, a group for kids aged 5 to 8 years old. In this engaging and supportive class, they will discover the fundamental positions of jiu-jitsu, while also learning essential self-defense techniques and how to effectively use and move their bodies in a coordinated manner. Second, we have our Lightning Bolts, which caters to kids between the ages of 9 and 15 years old. In this advanced class, they will not only continue to learn the fundamental skills, but will also delve deeper into survival positions, sweeps, submissions, and takedowns. Regardless of whether they are in the Sprites or Bolts program, all participants will experience growth in their confidence and strength, all while training in a fun, positive, and safe environment.

 ### It is NEVER too late to change your life. We hope to be part of your extended family and welcome you into ours.

 Sign a Waiver
