---
source_url: https://10thplanetboca.com/classes
final_url: https://10thplanetboca.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:01.370Z
---

- - -
 -

 # Classes

 ### Kid's 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu

 From 6 to 12yo
 Designed for children aged 6-12, our kids' classes follow a comprehensive curriculum based on adult fundamentals. The grappling-based self-defense program promotes confidence, discipline, respect, and teaches essential skills to stand up against bullying. No gi / uniforms are required, but kids receive gi belts for promotions.

 ### Women's Only Jiu-Jitsu

 A safe and supportive environment for women
 Our women's only Jiu-Jitsu classes offer a safe and supportive environment for learning the art. With a focus on ground fighting and self-defense, women gain valuable skills to handle physical altercations effectively. These classes also promote confidence, strength, and foster a sense of community among strong women.

 ### Fundamentals of 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu:

 Ideal for beginners and beneficial for all ranks
 Focus on the basic positions and techniques of no-gi Jiu Jitsu.
 With no sparring, it offers a safe environment to understand different techniques and positions, laying a strong foundation before transitioning to all levels classes. Each class consists of a light warm-up followed by 45 minutes of drilling technique.

 ### All Levels 10th Planet:

 Detailed exploration + Live positional sparring
 In these classes, we delve deeper into the techniques covered in fundamentals, offering a detailed exploration and the opportunity for live positional sparring. Students can apply the techniques against resisting opponents, facilitating progress and refining their skills.

 ### 10th Planet Warm-ups:

 The essential building blocks of the 10th Planet System
 The 10th Planet Warm-ups form the backbone of the entire 10th Planet System. Developed by Eddie Bravo, these warm-ups encompass essential techniques synced with headquarters in Los Angeles. From Granby's to Quarter Guard, the warm-ups provide a comprehensive foundation for mastering the system.

 ### Kickboxing

 Comprehensive striking style for MMA and self-defense
 Our Kickboxing classes blend Western Boxing, Kickboxing, Tae Kwon Do, Karate, Capoera, and Muay Thai, creating a comprehensive style for modern Mixed Martial Arts and self-defense. Led by Coach Justin Houghton of Pound 4 Pound Muay Thai, these classes include shadow boxing, partner drills, pad work, and a challenging workout.

 Required equipment: shin guards, knee pads, 16oz boxing gloves, and mouthpiece.

 ### Combat Jiu-Jitsu:

 Experience the realistic application of Jiu Jitsu
 Created by Eddie Bravo, Combat Jiu-Jitsu combines ground fighting with open palm strikes, providing a more practical and realistic approach to self-defense.
 This class is open to everyone and teaches striking from advantageous positions as well as defending strikes on the ground.

 ### Takedowns:

 Whether for self-defense or sport Jiu Jitsu
 These classes focus on teaching the skills needed to safely take the fight to the ground, securing dominant positions. Suitable for both self-defense and sport Jiu Jitsu , the curriculum emphasizes pummeling, hand fighting, and using grip tie-ups to execute effective takedowns. Strikers looking to improve their takedown defense will also benefit from these classes .

 # Get Your Free Trial

 Your cart is empty Continue
 Shopping Cart Subtotal:
 Discount
 Discount
 View Cart Checkout

 Visitor Information Reporting Allow this website to collect visitor and device info for statistical purposes. Save Changes

 View Details Quantity - +

 Sold Out
