---
source_url: https://10thplanetboca.com
final_url: https://10thplanetboca.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:01.530Z
---

- - -
 -

 ## Welcome to10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu

 BOCA RATON FLORIDA

 FREE TRIAL

 ## ENTER YOUR INFO FOR MORE DETAILS

 ## Featured Classes

 #### JIU-JITSU

 Discover the world of 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu!

 From fundamentals to advanced techniques, kids' classes to women's-only sessions, and the practicality of Combat Jiu-Jitsu, we offer a comprehensive range of programs.

 Join us for a transformative journey, building skills, confidence, and connections within our supportive community. Explore our classes and experience the art of Jiu-Jitsu at 10th Planet Boca Raton.

 #### KICKBOXING
 Combining diverse martial arts styles, our partnership with Coach Justin Houghton brings you the best in striking techniques.

 Experience the ultimate fusion of Western Boxing, Kickboxing, Tae Kwon Do, Karate, Capoeira, and Muay Thai, meticulously crafted for modern Mixed Martial Arts and self-defense.

 From defending against real strikes to building power and precision, our classes offer an intense workout and skill progression.
 Join us, equip yourself, and embark on a transformative journey.

 VIEW ALL CLASSES

 ## Our Founder

 Heather Jo Clark
 Head Coach and Owner of 10th Planet Boca Raton

 A renowned professional fighter with unparalleled expertise.f rom the esteemed Chute Boxe and 10th Planet lineage, Heather's training under some of the best instructors worldwide that helped lay the foundation for her exceptional skills and teaching capabilities. Alongside top trainers she cemented her status as a respected figure in the industry and a top instructor.

 As an instructor and mentor at 10th Planet Boca Raton, Heather shares her wealth of knowledge with martial artists of all levels. Whether you're a beginner seeking guidance or an experienced practitioner aiming to elevate your skills, Heather's dedication and expertise empower you to reach new heights. Join our supportive team and embark on a transformative journey through martial arts.

 Learn More

 ## WHAT PEOPLE SAY

 EDDIE BRAVO

 "The opening of 10th planet Boca is special for me because it's the only 10th planet women owned and Heather is helping make history in our association.

 She is a very good teacher and always eager to learn and do better which is a truthful black belt trait. She is passionate about the women’s and kids programs but never loosing that toughness and knowledge of someone that has already fought MMA and is a complete athlete and coach!"

 ROSE GRACIE

 "We always talk about the samurais in our community but rarely do we talk about our onna-bugeishas, which are the women that fight alongside these samurais…

 Heather has had a beautiful career in and out of the mats and time and time again has shown her heart as a teacher, professor, mentor as well as a student and just overall human being!"

 ## Eddie Bravo & The 10th Planet System

 Founder And Creator Of The 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu System

 A Jean Jacques Machado black belt is one of the most innovative Jiu-Jitsu players of all times. His unique and extremely efficient innovations led to the development of the 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu System which is a non-traditional system of Jiu-Jitsu focused on developing a clinch based system without the gi. This was done to better improve its application in mixed martial arts competition. Eddie also is a pioneer on the Submission-only movement where the roots style of competition have been brought back to life respecting the origins of the art.

 Eddie's style and larger then life persona have helped the explosion of the 10th planet system across the globe with organizations such as EBI, Metamoris, Polaris, and Kasai Pro, pushing no-gi submission grappling to the next level and using this system as a backbone to this style of Jiu-Jitsu. Eddie currently heads over 120 affiliated schools worldwide as well as the Combat Jiu-Jitsu events and the Eddie Bravo Invitationals which have quickly become one of the most prestigious events of this generation.

 Learn More

 Your cart is empty Continue
 Shopping Cart Subtotal:
 Discount
 Discount
 View Cart Checkout

 Visitor Information Reporting Allow this website to collect visitor and device info for statistical purposes. Save Changes

 View Details Quantity - +

 Sold Out
