---
source_url: http://baemjiujitsu.com/schedule
final_url: https://www.fremontbjj.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:45.223Z
---

Menu
 # Try A Free Class! Come try a free class on us. Whether you’re completely new to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or an experienced practitioner, we highly recommend giving a class a try. You can conveniently reserve your free class by clicking the button below and getting all the logistics completed beforehand so when you come to class, you’ll be ready to jump right in

 Schedule your free trial here

 # Classes There are a few classes available at Baem Jiu Jitsu. See below for the breakdown:
 - Kids - BJJ - Children will gain life-long benefits by learning the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. From confidence, coordination, and discipline. A grappling focused art, it empowers children to use leverage, technique, and an understanding of the ground to overcome size and strength all without ever throwing a strike to defend themselves. - Adult - Foundations - Intended for newer practitioners of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. We’ll focus on the foundational movements and techniques needed to reach the next level of your training. Classes will include technique, drilling, and sparring. - Adult - All Levels - An open skill class designed to focus on any breadth of techniques needed to improve all levels of experience. - Open Mat - A class open to all adult students where there is no formal instruction. Students are encouraged to use the time and space in any fashion that builds their BJJ skills. - Judo - Martial art focusing on the art of the throw. An Olympic sport with origins in deep tradition in Japan. Great for all ages. - Private Lesson (30 min & 60 min) - Private instruction with the blackbelt instructor. This session is perfect for those that want to supplement their training by getting direct guidance on areas that need work or need review.

 # Calendar - Click any class below to transfer to the reservation portalPrivate lessons are available in 30 min and 60 min sessions (Can be split with other students)For visitors, you can conveniently pay the drop-in fee and take care of any documentation ahead of classIf you’ve decided to sign-up for a membership, you can click a class and get the process startedFeel free to reach out to us on our Contact page if you have any questions

 Baem Jiu Jitsu - Fremont
 47900 Warm Springs Blvd
 Fremont, Ca 94539
