---
source_url: http://baemjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.fremontbjj.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:45.353Z
---

Menu
 # The Baem Promise At Baem Jiu Jitsu, the number one priority is the wellness of our students. We strive to create an environment that is happy, healthy, productive, and clean. There is a lot that Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can teach us and having a place dedicated to making sure the students are set up for success is of the utmost importance.
 Along that underlying principle, Baem Jiu Jitsu is open to all walks of life. Anyone from any school, from any team, at any level will be welcomed to the gym with open arms. We want an enjoyable experience for all students so they can feel comfortable pursuing Jiu Jitsu as best as they can.
 It will be a collaborative effort and Baem Jiu Jitsu will rely on both instructors and students to maintain a positive and healthy atmosphere. Please join us and become a part of this community! For any questions please check out our Contact page for ways to reach out to us.
 ## Unique Benefits - Free Trial - Every Jiu Jitsu school is different and we want everyone to get a fair shot at seeing what we’re about. Try a class or even a week on us and let us show you what we can do for you. If you like our school, then we’d love to have you join our team! [Click Here for Your Free Trial Class] - No Start-up or Sign-up Fees - There will be no fees of this sort. If you’d like to join, it’s as simple as signing up and coming to class - No Contracts - Although fairly common in many schools to require 6 to 12 month contracts, we don’t like the idea of forcing such a large commitment. We will provide these agreements for those looking for better pricing, but the option of running no contract is something we’d like to provide to our students - No Belt Fees or Promotion Fees - Along your BJJ jouney, promotions to the next rank is crucial in progressing through our art. At Baem, we won’t ever charge for the belt or promotion process. Rank is a representation of our time, effort, performance, and knowledge. We believe this is a right and not something we’d charge extra for
 ## Join Our School

 Membership Options / PricinG

 *30-Day Notice For All Cancellations And Membership Holds
 Auto-Renewal Applies For All Membership
 To Cancel Or Pause, Please Email Us @ Denney@baemjiujitsu.com

 # Instructors ### Denney Choi - Adult Program Instructor

 First American blackbelt under multiple time World Champion and co-founder of Ares Association, Milton Bastos. Denney is originally from the Southern California area where he competed in wrestling in high school (2nd in League and CIF qualifier) while earning rank of Sankyu in Judo before discovering Jiu Jitsu.
 Since then, Denney has gained over 15 years of grappling experience with an emphasis on teaching and improving student's through the art of Jiu Jitsu. He also holds a degree from UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business where he founded Cal's first BJJ Club.
 He’s now the head instructor at Baem Jiu Jitsu in Fremont, Ca where he leads all group and private classes.
 ### Lineage Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie > Helio Gracie > Rolls Gracie > Romero “Jacare” Cavalcanti > Ricardo “Franjinha“ Miller > Milton Bastos > Denney Choi
 ### Titles 2022 IBJJF Santa Cruz Open Gi - Silver
 2019 IBJJF San Jose Open No-Gi - Gold
 2019 IBJJF San Jose Open No-Gi Absolute - Bronze
 2019 BJJ Tour All-Star Gi - Silver
 2019 BJJ Tour All-Star Gi Absolute - Bronze
 2019 BJJ Tour All-Star No-Gi - Gold
 2019 BJJ Tour All-Star No-Gi Absolute - Gold
 2017 IBJJF Long Beach Open Gi - Bronze
 2015 BJJ Tour All-Star Gi - Silver
 2015 BJJ Tour All Star NoGi - Bronze
 2015 BJJ Tour Jiu-Jitsu By The Sea Gi - Bronze
 2015 BJJ Tour Jiu-Jitsu By The Sea NoGi - Silver
 2014 Jiu Jitsu By The Sea Gi - Gold
 2014 Jiu Jitsu By The Sea Gi Absolute - Bronze
 ### Taylor Salimpour - Kids Program Instructor ### Thomas DeGuzman - Kids Program Instructor ### Mimi Maier - Kids Program Instructor ### Edsel Elizalde - Adult Program Instructor ### Michael Owens - Judo Program Instructor

 Baem Jiu Jitsu - Fremont
 47900 Warm Springs Blvd
 Fremont, Ca 94539
