---
source_url: http://www.corazonmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.corazonmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:10.713Z
---

Home
 ## THE ONLY PLACE TO GET THE HIGHEST PROFESSIONAL LEVEL MARTIAL ARTS EXPERIENCE IN ITHACA, NY
 CLICK HERE TO JOIN US/MEMBERSHIPS
 - -

 ## ​
 ​

 Load More

 ## ABOUT ME
 Firstly, welcome to Corazón Martial Arts and thank you for visiting. Corazón is the name of my mother- which means "heart". The energy of love which she embodies and instilled in me, is what I would like to share with you all. May all of our thoughts and actions be led by the heart, and carried on with the spirit of love.
 A little about me...
 I've had a life long journey of martial arts and it continues till' this very moment. I've wrestled since I was 4 years old and began training MMA when I was just 18 years old- this is also the age I joined the Air Force, most don't know I served in the United States military.. though these day my spirit doesn't burn for our country, yet rather, for the planet we live on and all the beings involved.
 I competed on the local MMA circuit in the upper eastern regions of USA before finally moving out to Asia to fight in premier promotions such as Brave FC and ONE CHAMPIONSHIP.
 If it weren't for COVID then, perhaps I would still be fighting but, when I arrived back in the USA from Indonesia to visit COVID happened.. So I was "stuck" here in NY, travel banned, and unable to go back to my motorcycle riding, beach bum surfing, martial arts lifestyle and continue my professional career in fighting... Take the cards life deals you and play them right I suppose. I decided since I couldn't travel then, sharing my experience of 30+ years in martial arts with others is what I can do in the moment. Though I still aspire to pursue my dreams of becoming a UFC or ONE CHAMPIONSHIP title holder I am blessed to be able to connect, share my passion, and experience with you all:
 300+ wrestling matches
 15+ MMA fights
 ​
 FLINT ISLAND WARRIORS
 TEAM VISION QUEST MUAY THAI
 TEAM BOMBSQUAD MMA
 BALI MMA
 CORAZÓN MARTIAL ARTS
 ​
 KIDS TEACHING EXPERIENCE
 20+ years teaching kids wrestling
 NW little league coach
 Former assistant kids wrestling coach / Team Bomsquad / Finger Lakes Wrestling Club
 ​
 ADULT TEACHING EXPERIENCE
 amateur MMA instructor Jalisco, Mexico
 former Muay Thai instructor Barcelona MT Spain
 former Boxing instructor at Bali MMA, Indonesia
 former no-gi jiu jitsu coach at Bali MMA
 former Muay Thai instructor at Ultimate Athletics / Team Bombsqsuad
 My vision is to use martial arts as a conduit to help cultivate and bring into resonance our truest and highest selves, individually and collectively. Allow my school to provide for you a space to learn about yourself, achieve your goals and follow your dreams.
 ​
 ​ ​ Please feel free to call, text and/or email.
 ​
 I look forward to you joining our family here in the heart center of Ithaca, NY.
 ​
 Peace, love and respect.
 ​
 CORAZÓN MARTIAL ARTS
 ​
 Zechariah Lange ​
 ​

 About
 Schedule
 CLICK HERE TO JOIN US/MEMBERSHIPS

 Contact
 ## CONTACT
 ###### CORAZÓN MARTIAL ARTS Tel: +1 (607) 697-4230 Email: CORAZONMARTIALARTS@GMAIL.COM 624 W GREEN ST ITHACA, NY 14850
 - -
