---
source_url: http://vortexmartialarts.net/programs-and-classes/
final_url: http://vortexmartialarts.net/programs-and-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:58.803Z
---

# Programs and Classes
 # What we Teach: ## Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was developed over many, many years as a fighting and self-defense system that will allow a smaller, weaker person to control a much bigger, stronger opponent using technique. These techniques were proven effective in combat years ago and still today, the world’s top mixed martial arts (MMA) fighters are ALL learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. And just because the world’s best fighters are using THIS particular martial art on the ground, doesn’t mean you have to be a “fighter” or some kind of world class athlete to learn it. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is for EVERYONE!
 Classes are designed to develop strong fundamentals on which the rest of your Jiu-Jitsu is built. Our students learn the basics of takedowns, escapes, sweeps and dominant positioning in order to submit an opponent with arm-locks, leg-locks or chokes. These are the essential techniques one needs to defend themselves or do well in a competition. Each class contains technical drilling as well as live sparring.
 ## MMA Striking: This class lets students focus on their striking for MMA. It combines Muay Thai, JKD, Boxing, and Greco-Roman Clinching to train students for the MMA ring or the street! We use the most effective training methods possible using a combination of partner drills, Thai pad drills, focus mitt drills, and heavy bags!
 ## Thai Boxing: Muay Thai is known as “King of the Ring” in kickboxing circles. These fights feature punches, kicks, elbows, knees, standing grappling and head-butts to wear down and knock out their opponent. Thai training methods develop devastating power, speed and superb cardio-vascular endurance as well as fighting spirit. Muay Thai training is also quite safe thanks to sophisticated pad training that evolved to keep fighters healthy between fights. Muay Thai has also proven very effective outside the ring and has been embraced enthusiastically by practitioners of a variety of self-defense, sporting, military and law enforcement activities. Our Muay Thai class is ran by experienced instructors and is focused on safely developing everyone to their full potential.
 ##
