---
source_url: http://mmathewoodlands.com/
final_url: https://mmathewoodlands.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:57.823Z
---

Woodlands MMA - NEW 7,000 sqft. Gym ## TOTALLY FREE 7 DAY TRIAL AT HOUSTON'S LARGEST MMA GYM Come visit our NEW SEVEN THOUSAND sqft. gym located just a quarter mile north of our old location! We are now located at the corner of Hanna Rd. and Richards Rd. If you have questions, please call our new number (832) 888-4810.
 TOTALLY FREE TRIAL

 ### New Gym Videos

 THE LARGEST MMA GYM IN NORTH HOUSTON ### Welcome to Gracie Barra The Woodlands
 We have been operating in The Woodlands for 13 years and have changed and impacted many lives. We truly feel that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and our comprehensive martial arts training programs are the best in the business. We strive to provide training in a safe and clean environment that promotes a lifestyle of balance, friendship and commitment to personal growth through martial arts.
 Our programs have a structure and a purpose to supply you with the foundation and a plan for you to reach your personal goals, obtain a black belt or reach the level of a professional fighter.
 While we do have members that focus on competition in BJJ and MMA the majority of our students train for all the great benefits that our programs create such as fitness, weight loss, self defense, new friends and belonging to a respected martial arts team.
 LEARN MORE NOW

 A Complete MMA Gym ### MMA, Fitness and Self-Defense Programs

 ##### Brazilian Jiu-jitsu Students experience results that go beyond gains in strength, flexibility, fitness and self-defense skills.
 View All Programs

 ##### Muay Thai Kickboxing Kickboxing has always been one of the most popular forms of combat sports. Learn more about our kickboxing program.
 View All Programs

 ##### MMA Training Our head striking instructor and UFC fighter Alex Morono breaks down the importance of defense.
 View All Programs

 Organized like a team, fighting like a family ### PHOTO GALLERY Have you told yourself that you want to be in the best shape of your life? Have you ever thought about learning some awesome MMA moves? The Woodlands MMA is your place!

 VIEW GALLERY

 REAL STUDENTS. REAL RESULTS. REAL SUCCESS. ### THE BEST RATED GYM IN HOUSTON

 “Great place for all to train. My family has been training here for over seven years. Great family atmosphere and great for kids.”
 ###### Google Review - Todd E.

 “An exceptional place with wonderful coaches. My kids have been working at this Gym for over a year now. No doubt that Janice and Alex (owners) know what they're doing.”
 ###### Google Review - Mark D.

 “I joined here 2 weeks ago to change my life and my habits. I'm happy I walked in the front doors of this place and signed up. I'm proud to be here!”
 ###### Google Review - Charles R.

 “They have built a culture you want to be apart of, a community that you’ll quickly feel attachment too and a sport that will never bring boredom or lack of excitement.”
 ###### Google Review - Dalin K.

 “I highly recommend Gracie Barra the Woodlands because of coach Alex Morono. No other coach there comes close to being as effective at teaching the kid class.”
 ###### Google Review - Halle L.

 No-Cost and No-Obligation 7 Day Trial ### Totally Free 7-Day Trial

 FIRST NAME

 LAST NAME

 PHONE *

 How did you hear about us / Who referred you?

 EMAIL *

 ADULTS PROGRAMS OF INTEREST
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu MUAY THAI MMA TRAINING KICKBOXING

 KIDS PROGRAMS OF INTEREST
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu MUAY THAI MMA TRAINING KICKBOXING

 MESSAGE

 SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
 Yes no

 # Questions? We Can Help!

 CONTACT US

 ×

 ×
