---
source_url: http://islajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://islajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:52.455Z
---

# Isla Jiu Jitsu #### Get in shape, build confidence, change your life… Contact Us Today
 Pause Video

 #### Welcome to ## Isla Jiu Jitsu
 Isla Jiu Jitsu is a home away from home. We provide a safe space for everyone who wants to experience Jiu Jitsu in Federal Way and Bonney Lake. Anyone who enters our academy is immediately taught and encouraged to establish bonds based on mutual respect. This reinforces our close community and how we come together. Ready to explore the numerous benefits of training in this martial art? Come join our island at Isla Jiu Jitsu!
 #### New Bonney Lake Location Coming Soon!

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Isla Jiu Jitsu, we provide high-quality Jiu Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## About Us At Isla Jiu Jitsu, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students, and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Here at Isla Jiu Jitsu, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 ## FREE 3 Day Trial! Not sure if Jiu Jitsu is for you? Don’t worry.
 Sign up today and try your first 3 day absolutely FREE!

 Special Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Isla means island in Filipino and Chamorro, and at Isla Jiu Jitsu we welcome you into our tight-knit family (aka our island!). Isla gives our students the opportunity to exercise mentally as well as physically, giving them the chance to personalize taught concepts. Allowing Jiu Jitsu lessons to be original and adaptive towards a student’s particular style of movement improves the student’s independence, empowerment, and feeling of accomplishment. On a physical level, martial arts benefit those of all ages with overall improved strength, stamina, agility, and defense.
 #### Our History: When he first moved to Washington with his family, Jeff Macatangay was motivated by money. Unfortunately, he realized that this financial drive meant he was putting his loved ones second, missing important family moments for work. Jeff wanted to be able to find work-life balance and be present with family. Training Jiu Jitsu allowed Jeff to find that balance by showing him how to respect his family more. The changes brought about by training Jiu Jitsu exceeded his expectations and he wanted to bring that change to others by establishing Isla.
 Learn More!

 ## Our Philosophy

 ##### Family Isla is rooted in looking out for each other and growing together to become well-rounded individuals.

 ##### Culture We value every one of our students and prioritize familiarizing ourselves with their character to ensure a healthy community.

 ##### Respect We instill humbleness within our school so mutual respect is established.

 ##### Empathy We understand each other at Isla Jiu Jitsu and challenge each other to help be the best version of ourselves.

 ##### Independent Isla’s lessons allow our students to develop their sense of self and independence through freedom.

 #####

 ## See What We've Been Up To!

 ### Contact Us Today! Isla Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your Jiu Jitsu journey!

 Please select a location: Federal Way Bonney Lake (253) 282-2906
 info@islajiujitsu.com
 2016 S 320th St, Suite C, Federal Way, WA 98003
 Get Directions
 (253) 282-2906
 bonneylake@islajiujitsu.com
 20616 WA-410, Bonney Lake, WA 98391
 Get Directions

 ### Federal Way 2016 S 320th St, Suite C, Federal Way, WA 98003
 Get Directions

 ### Bonney Lake 20616 WA-410, Bonney Lake, WA 98391
 Get Directions
