---
source_url: https://www.johnsgymatx.com/class/boxing-class-austin-cedar-park/
final_url: https://www.johnsgymatx.com/class/boxing-class-austin-cedar-park/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:38.099Z
---

#### New To Boxing? We have GREAT news! Try our Level 1 – Beginner Fundamentals Boxing Class
 Enrolling Now
 Enter Your Info Below to Try a Boxing Class

 First Name * Email phone[home]* FirstName
 Email * name Email* Email*
 Best Phone * FName website* Email
 Claim My Free Boxing Class

 Welcome to NW Austin / Cedar Park’s ONLY Boxing Gym that offers Professional B oxing Technique , Private Boxing Lessons , as well as Sparring , in a full size boxing ring. Whether you simply want to learn the sweat science of boxing for a fun workout our you’d like to compete, we can help you at John’s Gym. We are a family friendly boxing gym with a strict no meat head policy. Our boxing classes and sparring nights are fun and safe , and allow you to grow at your own pace. Technical Boxing on Mondays and Wednesdays at 6 p.m. and Saturday 10:30 a.m. Conditioning Boxing Tuesday, Thursday and Friday at 9 a.m.

 ### What Will You ## Learn In Boxing Class? First off we have a very non-intimidating atmosphere and boxing classes are for all levels. Whether you’re a total newbie or an experienced boxer, you’ll have fun and learn something new every class. Unlike other boxing gyms in Austin or Cedar Park, we have a systematized curriculum for you to learn and see yourself grow within. Everyone that starts new, starts at our Level 1 where you learn the fundamentals of using your hands and the different types of efficient punches you can throw; in addition, you’ll learn about footwork and balance while throwing your punches, as well as some boxing conditioning to prepare you for the next levels. We have different levels that you progress through during your time in the John’s Gym Boxing Classes each level brings new challenges and opportunities to learn proper technique and form to eventually, and only if you’d like, step into the ring and spar or compete.

 ### Differences Between John's Gym Boxing Classes Classes and Others ## In the Austin and Cedar Park Texas area ### John's Gym Boxing Program - We offer Pro Boxing Technique lessons with sparring night and cardio boxing for conditioning. - ​New to Boxing? We have Level 1 Pro Boxing Fundamentals for you to feel comfortable and safe learning the “sweet science”. We also have Level 2 and Sparring nights for when you want to continue your Boxing advancement. - Our boxing lessons have a curriculum and levels of advancement so that you can stay safe and aren’t put into situations that your level may not be ready for yet. - Dedicated sparring nights as well as open ring for you to use whenever you’d like, as long as a class isn’t using the ring. - We are a USA Boxing Certified program which means if you want to compete you are eligible under the USA boxing rules. - We have 6 boxing classes weekly including sparring night to choose from so we are very dedicated to your success - Full time instructors and assistants that are here to assist you in your advancement through our boxing levels. Our instructors have participated in boxing matches and so they are speaking from real world experience, not theory or YouTube. - Local friendly gym where you’ll see the owners working out right next to you or at the gym daily. We have over 200 5 star reviews online. - Beginner friendly gym that offers a systematized curriculum to keep you safe an efficiently teach you how to box so that you can start defending yourself right away.

 ### Testimonials I have been a member at John’s Gym for a year now. In that time it has become a second home to me. The knowledge and experience of the trainers is excellent. The gym is clean, functional, and well equipped. But more important to me is the promotion of constructive growth and acceptance. Individuals who want to learn and develop in their chosen discipline thrive here; while show boaters, and more abusive people that might thrive at other gyms are quickly excluded. This gym and its trainers changed me from an unskilled and inexperienced boxer and helped me to become skilled and confident within the ring. I love this gym and I am grateful to John and Jasmine for the culture of family that they have created here.
 Dillon Garrity
 ,

 This place is great - enough said. Classes are amazing, staff is friendly and encouraging, clean facility. The trainers, as well as your other students, are welcoming to all ages and support you in your fitness goals. You gotta do what works for you. You are the biggest factor in whether a workout or a gym will get you the results. I can honestly say I love a variety of sports, but there's never been a workout like the boxing & kickboxing that I absolutely crave. Plus, every student has their own heavy bag in class. No black eyes at work, very little risk of injury...just buckets of sweat each night. You'll love it - do yourself a favor and get into John's for a free class. They'll do the rest.
 Joshua Cuttright
 ,

 ### Here's What You Can Expect from ## Boxing Program - We are a BEGINNER FRIENDLY Boxing Gym that does not allow any craziness, just a good group of quality people enjoying boxing for fitness and/or competition - We are here for people that simply want to use boxing classes to get in shape and learn some technique, to those that want to take it to the next level and compete in boxing matches. - We have an active sparring night if that is what you’d like to try. It’s always safe with the head boxing instructor running the sparring and paring people people up properly. - Curriculum so that you can follow through the different levels and feel safe that you are learning at a proper and accurate pace. - Stress Relief. Ever wanted to punch something or someone and not get intro trouble? Here you can, and we encourage it - Learn how to properly throw a punch, keep your balance, dodge punches, and counter punches in our boxing classes. - Age is not a factor. From teens all the way up we have athletes of all levels training and enjoying our boxing classes at their pace. - Living a healthier lifestyle as well as mentally, psychically, and emotionally. - Meet new like-minded friends who will last a lifetime. One of the major things you’ll notice is our friendly vibe from the moment you walk in. No intimidation here, we are a group of people that just enjoy this different way of getting into shape and having fun. - We supply the motivation….The #1 reason people get derailed from the “gym” is due to boredom. It can get boring trying to be the best at working out, so try a martial art that will give you the results you’re looking for far more rapidly. Our training sessions are never boring. Heck, you may not want to go home. - And Many More…

 ### Frequently Asked Questions ## Don't see your question answered? Contact us

 #### Do you have classes for beginners?
 Yes we do. It’s important when you’re first starting out to focus on the fundamentals of self defense and Boxing. Our Level 1 classes are Monday 6-7pm and 7pm-8pm, Wednesday 6-7pm, and Saturday at 10:30am.

 #### Do I need to be in shape before joining?
 Boxing will get in you in the best shape of your life. All shapes and sizes have come into our Boxing program and seen success. If this is your first time, then rest assured that our Level 1 program will safely guide you to success.

 #### Will I learn how to defend myself?
 Yes, absolutely. Boxing is the best way to learn how to throw your hands properly, controlled, and with good footwork and balance. As well as, defense – being able to dodge punches, slip and jab, counter punch and understand which angles punches are coming from.

 #### Can I try a class first to see if I'll like it?
 Yes. You can try a class by calling/TXTing us at 512-621-8136. If you like the class and want to learn more about our programs and pricing we can talk afterwards, too.

 #### Will people try and hurt me?
 We have a safe environment for all levels and ages, that’s why we split our groups up by levels so you can feel safe that you’re training with people that are at your level who are looking for a safe, fun, and beginner friendly training environment, too. We have a strict “no-meathead” policy here, so you won’t be training along side meatheads who have no self control.

 #### How many people are in class?
 This really depends on who shows up to class. Our class sizes can ranch from just a few people to 20+ people. There will always be someone for you to train with and learn from.

 #### Do we spar during class?
 If you’re in our Level 1 Beginner Class you won’t be doing any sparring starting out. We spar in our Level 1.5: Intro to Sparring Class; as well as, our Level 2 Advanced Class.

 #### Will I be able to train with the professor?
 Yes. Each one of our teachers trains/spars with everyone in class ensuring you’re getting the best possible instruction and training at every level.

 #### Will I be able to compete?
 Yes. We have had several members compete and win. Whether your goal is to just do 1 match or turn pro, we have training partners and instructors here to push you and help you reach your goal.

 #### Am I too old to start training?
 You’re never too old to better your health and improve your life. If there is a technical element you need a modification for because of physical limitations, we’ll have one ready for you.

 #### When can I start classes?
 Right now. Our classes are on a rolling curriculum and so you can jump in at anytime and not feel like you’ve missed anything. Simply click the blue Contact button or call/TXT 512-621-8136 and contact us about our Boxing program

 ### New To Boxing? We have GREAT news! ## Try our Level 1 - Beginner Fundamentals Boxing Class Schedule My Trial Boxing Class
