---
source_url: http://www.burlesonjiujitsu.com
final_url: http://burlesonjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:27.862Z
---

## Try us at NO COST! One week free trial Stop in and see us for details.
 Genesis Jiu Jitsu opened its doors in 2009 with the goal of providing the best training environment possible for athletes as well as hobbyists. Our Burleson location has been open since 2017. We pride ourselves on providing a fun, positive, and encouraging environment conducive to learning and achieving goals. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for kids and adults is our specialty.

 We are a family and that is the environment you can expect to train in. Respect is shown mutually between the coaches and students. Continued learning and improving in all aspects of life is the common goal that brings us together.

 In short, martial arts and fitness is our lifestyle. Its a healthy and happy one and we want to share it. If you have tried the big gyms and the exercise fads and it got boring… this is what you need. Get in touch today to set up a free class. This could be the best decision you ever make.
 ###### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport developed from traditional jiu jitsu by the Gracie family from Brazil. It focuses on grappling, takedowns, and ground fighting using a variety of joint locks, sweeps, and chokes.
 We offer classes for adults and children of all skill levels. The benefits of this class include improved self confidence, fitness levels, and mental toughness. For many people this is a life changing sport with endless benefits.
 Meet our Instructors

 Visit us on social media and leave us a review!

 - Facebook - Instagram

 Attention Ladies! Do you want to learn how to protect yourself and your family? Do you want to get in a great workout and build confidence? Well we are now offering a FEMALE ONLY BJJ CLASS STARTING July 11th!! This class is for women to come together and create new friendships, all while learning how …
 Continue reading “Female Only Jiu-Jitsu classes starting July 11”

 Come train with Coach P in the Gi! Monday – Thursday at 6:00 am.

 Kids wrestling classes have been added to the Monday / Wednesday schedule.

 We offer classes for all ages and skill levels throughout the week.
 ### Kids No-Gi For children of all ages and skill levels. Rashguards and athletic shorts without pockets recommended and available for purchase.

 ### Kids Gi For children of all ages and skill levels. Any BJJ Gi (uniform) allowed. Loaners available for trial members, also available for purchase.

 ### Adult No-Gi Classes available for fundamentals (movement, drills, no sparring) and all levels (includes sparring). Rashguard and athletic shorts without pockets recommended, available for purchase.

 ### Adult Gi Classes avaialble for fundamentals (movement, drills, no sparring) and all levels (includes sparring). Any BJJ Gi (uniform) allowed. Loaners available for trial members, also available for purchase.

 ### Kids Wrestling

 ###

 ## Schedule Sunday 11:00a – 12:30a: Adult Gi (All Levels)

 Monday 6:00a – 7:00a: Adult Gi (All Levels)
 9:00a – 10:00a: Females only No-Gi
 10:00a – 10:45a: Kids Homeschool BJJ
 11:30a – 12:30p: Adult No-Gi (All Levels)
 4:45p – 5:15p: Kids No-Gi (4-7 yr old)
 5:15p – 6:00p: Kids No-Gi (7+ yr old)
 6:00p – 7:00p: Kids Wrestling
 6:00p – 7:00p: Adult Gi (Fundamentals)
 7:00p – 8:30p: Adult No-Gi (All Levels/Rolling)

 Tuesday 6:00a – 6:45a: Adult Gi (All Levels)
 4:45p – 5:15p: Kids No-Gi (4-7 yr old)
 5:15p – 6:00p: Kids No-Gi (7+ yr old)
 6:00p – 7:00p: Kids No-Gi Advanced (Invite only)
 6:00p – 7:00p: Adult Gi (Fundamentals)
 7:00p – 8:30p: Adult No-Gi (All Levels/Rolling)

 Wednesday
 9:00a – 10:00a: Females only No-Gi (starting July 11)10:00a – 10:45a: Kids Homeschool Program
 11:30a – 12:30p: Adult No-Gi (All Levels)
 4:45p – 5:15p: Kids No-Gi (4-7 yr old)
 5:15p – 6:00p: Kids No-Gi (7+ yr old)
 6:00p – 7:00p: Kids Wrestling
 6:00p – 7:00p: Adult Gi (Fundamentals)
 7:00p – 8:30p: Adult No-Gi (All Levels/Rolling)

 Thursday 6:00a – 6:45a: Adult Gi (All Levels)
 4:45p – 5:15p: Kids Gi (4-7 yr old)
 5:15p – 6:00p: Kids Gi (7+ yr old)
 6:00p – 7:00p: Kids Gi Advanced (invite only)
 6:00p – 7:00p: Adult Wrestling
 6:00p – 7:00p: Adult Gi (Fundamentals)
 7:00p – 8:30p: Adult No-Gi (All Levels/Rolling)

 Friday 6:30p – 8:00p: Adult Gi (All Levels)

 Saturday 11:00a – 12:30p: Open Mat

 ##### NO contracts, no GIMMICKS, NO HARD SELLS ## Just honest instructors teaching real martial arts. And unlike most gyms, we’re happy to share our prices without making you endure a high pressure sales pitch.
 ## One week free trial Try us for free with no obligation.
 ## Choose which program works for you Training days per week | Cost 1 day | $69/mo 2 days | $99/mo 3 days | $115/mo 4 days | $129/mo Unlimited | $149/mo
 ## Available discounts - Prepay six months: save 10% - Prepay one year: save 20% - Police, Fireman, and Military: save 10% - Family Discounts: Second immediate family member 20% off. Each additional family member 50% off.

 # Build yourself into a better you — today ##### Address Genesis Jiu Jitsu – Burleson
 12848 South Fwy Suite 236
 Burleson, TX 76028

 ##### phone (682) 472-9124
 ##### Email genesisbjjburleson@gmail.com

 We value your feedback. Review us on Google .
