---
source_url: http://shaddockmma.com
final_url: https://shaddockmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:10.217Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes, Boxing Classes in Maryland for Everyone!

 Whether you are looking to get healthy, lose weight, general fitness, build stamina, build confidence or just try something new, Shaddock MMA Fitness in Eldersburg, MD can be the right choice for you or your child. We offer many levels of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes, Boxing Classes, Open Mat, DDP Yoga and more. Train at a LOCAL GYM - don't just be another dollar in a coporate chain's pocket!

 Which Martial Arts Class is Right for You?

 ## We have a Martial Arts Class for Every Fitness Level!

 Shaddock MMA Fitness offers martial arts classes for students as young as 4 years old. It is never too early or too late to start a Martial Art like Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or Boxing. Choose the best class for your fitness goals. If you are looking for a different discipline, please contact us.

 Adult Classes start at Age 13 and Up. Browse our selection of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Boxing and Wrestling Classes. Whatever you level of fitness is currently, we can help you improve your overall health.
 Adult Martial Arts Classes

 Children's Martial Arts Classes start at Age 4. We offer Lil' Ninjas classes, Jr. Warriors and more. Get your little one excited about exercise, discipline and build their confidence.
 Children's Martial Arts Classes

 John Shaddock offers personal training sessions with him one-on-one. Coach Shaddock comes with decades of experience training himself and others. Speak with him about your personal fitness goals.
 Personal Training

 ## Latest News from The Mats ### New Luta Livre Class forming at Shaddock MMA! A New Era of Grappling is Coming to Shaddock MMA Something exciting is on the horizon at Shaddock MMA-and if you’re serious about evolving your ground game, you’ll want to pay attention. A brand-new discipline is making its way into the academy: Luta Livre. Known for its fast-paced, no-gi submission…
 Continue reading “New Luta Livre Class forming at Shaddock MMA!”…

 ### Looking for Open Mat Time?

 We offer Open Mat & Open Sparring times to practice your existing skills or learn Jiujitsu in MD at Shaddock MMA Fitness in Eldersburg, Maryland. Come spar and spend some time on the mat to improve your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Schoolboy wrestling, Boxing, Catch Wrestling or Kickboxing skills.

 Open Mat & Open Sparring

 ## Coach John Shaddock, Sykesville Maryland Local Jiujitsu Coach

 Coach John Shaddock has been involved in combat sports since 1971. Throughout his life he has trained in multiple martial arts including Aikido, Gaijin Ryu jiujitsu, Brazilan Jiu Jitsu, Shorin Ryu karate, Jeet Kune Do and is now training under ISWA in catch wrestling. John has met and trained with UFC Ulumni Royce Gracie, Dan Severn, Ron Van Clief and Kamal Shalorus.

 Learn More About Our Coach John Shaddock

 ## Shaddock MMA Martial Arts Training Student Reviews

 - Amazing gym! Ross - I love this place. I've been a member for the last 15 years. Coach Shaddock is very courteous and professional. No matter your skill level or discipline, he will work with you. If you want a great workout or a sparring session, this is the place for you. S - My 2 sons are loving their Homeschool Jiu Jitsu class! Coach is great with the kids- very patient and they're learning so much! Kathryn - We signed my kindergartener up after they were threatened while riding the school bus home. This place is perfect for teaching your kid real-life self defense. Not only do they learn the moves, but they practice drills on what to do if someone starts bullying you. The classes are a great balance of learning the moves and fun games. 3 years later, I’m confident that my child has the skills to defend themselves if they need to. Megan - Great place for kids of all ages and skill level. Both my kids go there and love it. Very affordable and no set schedules, come at your convenience. Tim - Excellent class for all levels. The coach really cares about his students. My son struggles socially and the coach has gone above and beyond to make him feel comfortable and to encourage him to keep going. His classes are fun yet informative. He demands respect in an age appropriate manner and touches on a lot of anti bullying principles. Homeschool classes during the day are now offered! We also like the relaxed make up policy so we know if we are sick or on vacation that we can make up extra days to get the full amount of time we pay for! Highly Recommend! Lindsay - My daughter is having a fun time gaining confidence, friends and body contol! She always asks when her next Jui jitsu class is, this is a great addition to our homeschool journey! Coach Shaddock is great with kids and knows his stuff! April - This gym has been very good to me. Coach Shaddock has a great way of explaining and teaching things, in my case BJJ. The culture and community at this gym are also things I really enjoy. I highly recommend! Ron - I have stopped in here a few times for open mat. The atmosphere was great. Everyone is very focused on technique, very welcoming as well. Jared - Coach Shaddock is great with the kids both in guiding them through the moves and pushing them to be their best. The classes are a great balance between learning the moves and fun games that use the skills their taught. I appreciate that students from multiple skill levels all participate in a single class; this allows the higher lvl students to teach moves and the newer students to both be able to see them perform by their age group and be challenged in performing them with opponents. If you're considering doing some trial classes, you won't regret it. Johanna

 ## Need help choosing a Martial Arts Class?

 Choosing the best Martial Arts Class or fitness program to suit your needs or the needs of your child can be overwhelming. Contact us with any questions or concerns you may have partnering with Shaddock MMA Fitness.

 Contact Shaddock MMA Fitness

 Skip back to main navigation
