---
source_url: http://www.teamthundermma.net/programs-1.html
final_url: http://www.teamthundermma.net/programs-1.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:37.734Z
---

## Daniel "thunder" semeraro jr.

 Office Hours are 4:00PM - 8:30PM MON - THURS, 9AM - 12PM SAT & SUN

 Brandon is an Amateur fighter on the rise under Team Thunder MMA. He currently holds a blue belt in BJJ.

 ## ORKHAN ISMATZADE

 # in addition to the classes on schedule, we offer private lessons with our instructors.

 ## TERELL SAMUELS

 ## Trey kassim

 ## PROGRAMS & SCHEDULING

 ## Brandon Lagasse

 # INSTRUCTORS

 # Become a complete martial artists.

 Trey is another fighter on the rise for Team Thunder and is an instructor for our kids.

 Terrell has over 10 years training in martial arts. He currently holds a black belt in No Kai Oi, a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and has been kickboxing for 10 plus years.

 All the way from Azerbaijan, Orkhan adds a new dynamic and experience to the grappling at Team Thunder. As a world Combat Sambo champion and black belt, Orkhan traveled 5,000 plus miles to Thunder Martial Arts to continue his martial arts journey and share his own knowledge of over 15 years in Combat Sambo.

 - Home - Programs - Contact Us

 With 25 years of experience in the martial arts, Coach Dan has studied a wide variety of disciplines from stand up to ground fighting. Throughout the years he’s created an impressive track record.

 - Undefeated New England KickBoxing Association MiddleWeight Champion. - Undefeated in MMA with a record of 6-0. - Member of Chuck Norris's United Fighting Arts Federation. - Apart of the first class to participate in the Ultimate Black Belt Test, a 1-year test in which only 30 people nationwide were accepted.
 He also holds a black belt each discipline:

 - 5th degree No Ka Oi - 3rd degree Chun Kuk Do - 4th degree Uchin No Michi Ryu Jujitsu - 4th degree Kessllite Ochimai Chie do - 2nd Degree Kun Tao - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - 5th Degree Kajunkenbo
 Awards

 - United States Martial Arts Hall of Fame - 2003 - Instructor of the year - 2004 - Outstanding Martial Artist of the Year - 2005 - Full Contact Fighter of the Year - 2007 - MMA Instructor of the Year - 2008 - Master - 2009 - Excellence in Teaching and Leadership - World Karate Union Hall of Fame - 2009 - Coach of the Year (Team Thunder)

 View on Mobile
