---
source_url: http://www.halfshellbjj.com
final_url: https://www.halfshellbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:41.173Z
---

Join Now

 ## Half Shell BJJ

 Discover the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## About Us
 Our Mission

 At Half Shell BJJ, we are dedicated to providing top-quality Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training for all skill levels. Our experienced instructors focus on technique, discipline, and personal growth, creating a supportive environment for our students to thrive.

 We believe in the transformative power of martial arts, not just for physical fitness but also for mental well-being. Our programs are designed to build confidence, improve self-defense skills, and instill a sense of camaraderie among our members.

 ## Meet the Team
 Head Coach

 Roger Torres

 Assistant Coach

 Jubilee (Jubi) Torres

 I started jiu-jitsu in 2015 and immediately fell in love. I have been helping assist in the kid's class since 2017, and it is one of my favorite parts of the day! I love the opportunity to teach others, help them grow, and see their joy when they succeed.

 Black Belt & Coach

 John Papaioannou

 Founder

 Adam Gonzalez

 "I first started training in Jiu-jitsu because I wanted to learn how to fight; this was back when I was 15 years old. I stuck with it because it taught me much more about life than just how to fight.
 I started teaching it because I wanted others to be able to experience the amazing things jiu-jitsu has to offer, just like I did. This gym, this team, has created some of the best martial artists in the area and has introduced me to some of the best people I've ever known. Whenever you're ready, come see for yourself. "

 ## GALLERY

 ## FOLLOW US

 - -
