---
source_url: http://www.aimuaythaibjj.com/programs/muay-thai
final_url: https://www.aimuaythaibjj.com/programs/muay-thai
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:31.745Z
---

### Muay Thai Training Ignite your passion for combat sports and unlock your full potential with our Muay Thai Classes. Known as the "Art of Eight Limbs," Muay Thai is a dynamic and exhilarating martial art that originated in Thailand. With its emphasis on powerful strikes, devastating kicks, and relentless conditioning, Muay Thai offers a comprehensive and effective approach to both self-defense and fitness. Whether you're a beginner looking to learn the fundamentals or a seasoned fighter seeking to sharpen your skills, our Muay Thai program is designed to challenge and inspire you at every level.
 ### How it works? Muay Thai classes work by combining traditional techniques with modern training methods to develop strength, speed, and stamina. From pad work and heavy bag drills to clinch work and sparring sessions, our classes provide a full-body workout that will push you to your limits and beyond. As you progress in your training, you'll not only enhance your physical prowess but also cultivate mental toughness, discipline, and focus—qualities that are essential both inside and outside the gym.
 Ready to take your training to the next level with Muay Thai? Join our community of dedicated practitioners and experienced instructors who are committed to helping you achieve your goals. Whether you're aiming to compete in the ring or simply want to improve your fitness and self-confidence, our Muay Thai classes offer a supportive and motivating environment where you can unleash your inner warrior and become the best version of yourself.

 Start Your Free Trial
 CONTACT US FOR MORE INFO

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of Henderson, NV Residents

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Conveniently located west of the US 95 Highway on Stephanie Place and Patrick Lane. In the Whitney Ranch Business Center.
 ### 1000 Stephanie Pl unit 3, Henderson, NV 89014, USA

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Animal Instincts Academy is located and easily accessible from all of Henderson.

 Henderson

 ## Seize the opportunity to transform setbacks into triumphs on your martial arts path.
 Start your free trial
