---
source_url: http://www.aimuaythaibjj.com
final_url: https://www.aimuaythaibjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:32.352Z
---

## Increased confidence

 ## Increased confidence
 Mastering new skills and techniques can boost self-confidence both inside and outside the gym.

 ## Self-defense skills

 ## Self-defense skills
 Learning MMA techniques can provide valuable self-defense skills that can be used in real-life situations.

 ## Sense of community

 ## Sense of community
 Our gym foster a supportive community atmosphere where members encourage and motivate each other.

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Fitness Routine that Works for You

 Become a member

 Muay Thai TrainingMuay Thai offers a comprehensive and effective approach to both self-defense and fitness.Learn More About Muay Thai
 Brazilian Jiu JitsuBrazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial arts program that focuses on ground fighting and grappling techniques. It emphasizes leverage and technique over strength, making it accessible to people of all sizes and ages. Practitioners learn how to control opponents using joint locks and chokeholds. This program at the Martial Arts Gym offers classes that teach self-defense, physical fitness, and mental discipline through a structured curriculum of techniques and drills.Learn More About BJJ
 PrivateThe Private workout program at the martial arts gym provides personalized training sessions designed to enhance strength, flexibility, and self-defense skills. Combining martial arts techniques with traditional fitness routines, this program offers one-on-one coaching to tailor exercises based on individual goals and abilities. Through dynamic workouts and expert guidance, participants can achieve a comprehensive and empowering fitness experience aimed at improving both physical and mental well-being.Learn More About Private

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Fitness Routine that Works for You

 Start your Free Trial

 Muay Thai TrainingMuay Thai offers a comprehensive and effective approach to both self-defense and fitness.Learn More About Muay Thai
 Brazilian Jiu JitsuBrazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial arts program that focuses on ground fighting and grappling techniques. It emphasizes leverage and technique over strength, making it accessible to people of all sizes and ages. Practitioners learn how to control opponents using joint locks and chokeholds. This program at the Martial Arts Gym offers classes that teach self-defense, physical fitness, and mental discipline through a structured curriculum of techniques and drills.Learn More About BJJ
 PrivateThe Private workout program at the martial arts gym provides personalized training sessions designed to enhance strength, flexibility, and self-defense skills. Combining martial arts techniques with traditional fitness routines, this program offers one-on-one coaching to tailor exercises based on individual goals and abilities. Through dynamic workouts and expert guidance, participants can achieve a comprehensive and empowering fitness experience aimed at improving both physical and mental well-being.Learn More About Private

 ## Getting Started Is Easy
 1

 ### Schedule Your Free Visit
 To begin your journey with us, simply sign up for our introductory classes online or visit our gym to meet our friendly staff. No prior experience is required; we welcome all skill levels and ages.

 2

 ### Choose What You Want to Specialize in
 Once you've started, our expert instructors will work with you to establish personalized goals tailored to your aspirations and abilities. Whether it's mastering a specific technique, improving fitness levels, or competing, we'll create a roadmap to help you achieve success.

 3

 ### Master the Skill
 Picture yourself confidently executing techniques, achieving milestones, and surpassing your goals. With our supportive community and dedication to your progress, success in martial arts becomes not just a possibility, but a reality. Join us today and commit to becoming the best version of yourself both on and off the mats.

 ## A community that will keep you going
 Your success is our success. We're committed to providing a nurturing environment where you can develop your skills, build confidence, and achieve your MMA goals.

 With a team of experienced coaches and fighters, backed by years of competition and training, we offer the expertise and guidance necessary to navigate the complexities of MMA.

 More than just a gym, we're a community united by a shared passion for MMA and a commitment to personal growth, fostering an environment where every member can evolve into their best selves, both in and out of the cage.

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Conveniently located west of the US 95 Highway on Stephanie Place and Patrick Lane. In the Whitney Ranch Business Center.
 ### 1000 Stephanie Pl unit 3, Henderson, NV 89014, USA

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Animal Instincts Academy is located and easily accessible from all of Henderson.

 Henderson

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of Henderson, NV Residents

 ## Questions? We have the answers!
 Still curious? Talk to us!
 725-215-8593 Contact Us

 How do I sign up for a free trial?

 Schedule your free trial with us by filling out the contact form with all of your details, and we will contact you to schedule your free trial.

 What is the minimum age requirement to join your MMA gym?

 Our minimum age requirement is typically 16 years old, but we offer specialized programs for younger participants as well.

 Are your instructors certified and experienced in mixed martial arts?

 Yes, all our instructors are highly trained and certified in various disciplines of mixed martial arts. They have extensive experience both in training and competition.

 What safety measures do you have in place during training sessions?

 Safety is our top priority. We ensure all training sessions are supervised by experienced coaches, and we provide proper protective gear for sparring and drills.

 How often do you hold classes, and what is the class schedule like?

 We have classes available throughout the week, including mornings, evenings, and weekends. Our schedule is designed to accommodate different lifestyles and commitments.

 Do I need prior experience in martial arts to join your MMA gym?

 No prior experience is necessary. Our classes cater to all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners.

 What type of equipment do I need to bring for my first session?

 For your first session, comfortable workout attire and a water bottle are essential. We provide all necessary equipment like gloves and pads.

 What payment methods do you accept?

 We take all major credit cards and debit cards. We do not accept personal checks.

 Are there opportunities for students to participate in MMA competitions or tournaments?

 Yes, we regularly organize and participate in local, regional, and national MMA competitions and tournaments. We encourage our members to test their skills and gain valuable experience in a competitive setting.

 Is there a structured curriculum in place for progression and advancement?

 Yes, we have a structured curriculum that allows students to progress through different levels of proficiency, ensuring steady improvement and skill development.

 ## Seize the opportunity to transform setbacks into triumphs on your martial arts path. Start your free trial
