---
source_url: https://stormmmatc.com
final_url: https://stormmmatc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:07.065Z
---

# WHERE STRENGTH MEETS COMMUNITY IN Laguna Hills

 ## welcome to Storm MMA & Training Center

 Get Started

 ## ARE YOU TIRED OF:

 ### Boring Workouts Alone? Storm MMA & Training Center in Laguna Hills is a different kind of gym. We're a community united by a common goal: to become the best version of ourselves. We welcome all levels of fitness!

 ### Feeling Lost In The Gym? Storm MMA & Training Center is a fun place to train, and you don’t need to be an athlete to be able to participate! Our coaches will lead you, provide guidance, and modify your daily workouts so they’re suitable for you!

 ### Not Having A solid Game Plan? Finally make time for yourself and get more done in less time. Through experienced coaching, the right people, and a game plan for success, we focus on getting you the results you want.

 ## Then We Are Ready...

 ## To Guide You On Your Journey!

 GET STARTED

 ### Strength and Conditioning

 Join our dynamic strength and conditioning group classes led by expert trainers, tailored to enhance strength, endurance, and athleticism, fostering a supportive community to achieve your fitness goals and transform your body. Elevate your workout experience with motivating group sessions!

 ### BOXING

 Experience the thrill of our dynamic boxing group classes, where passionate coaches blend boxing fundamentals with cardio exercises to challenge and sharpen your skills. Join our inclusive community and discover the empowering benefits of boxing, as you sweat, spar, and punch your way to peak fitness and self-confidence!

 ### KICKBOXING

 Elevate your fitness with our high-energy kickboxing group classes, led by experienced instructors who blend martial arts techniques with intense cardio workouts to build strength, agility, and confidence. Join our supportive community to unleash your inner warrior and achieve a healthier, stronger you!

 ### MUAY THAI & BOXING TECHNIQUE CLASSES

 Experience exhilarating Muay Thai and boxing sparring and technique classes led by skilled instructors, combining traditional techniques with modern training methods to elevate your fighting prowess. Join our supportive community to refine your skills, spar with partners, and push your limits to new heights in a safe and inclusive environment!

 ### JIUJITSU

 Embark on a journey of grappling mastery in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) classes, led by a 5-stripe black belt, offering a comprehensive blend of traditional and modern techniques to elevate your ground game. Whether you prefer the structure of gi training or the fluidity of no-gi, our welcoming community caters to all levels of experience, empowering and transforming you on and off the mats!

 ### STORM KIDS PROGRAM

 Storm’s dynamic kids program, tailored for ages 5 and up, offers an exciting blend of speed, agility, Muay Thai, wrestling, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), led by certified coaches in a supportive and engaging environment. Join us to inspire young athletes to reach their full potential, instilling values of discipline, teamwork, and resilience along the way!

 ### PERSONALIZED COACHING

 Unlock your full potential with our personalized coaching program, where experienced coaches create a customized training plan based on your unique goals, abilities, and preferences. Whether you aim to lose weight, build muscle, or enhance overall well-being, our one-on-one sessions provide individualized attention and support, ensuring lasting results and empowering you to live your best life!

 ### OPEN GYM

 Elevate your fitness routine with our premier Open Gym experience, offering unrestricted access to state-of-the-art equipment in a sophisticated and inviting atmosphere. Whether you’re a seasoned athlete or just starting out, our exclusive environment provides the perfect setting to train at your own pace and achieve your fitness goals with confidence and convenience!

 ### RECOVERY ROOM

 Experience ultimate relaxation and rejuvenation at Avalanche Recovery and Wellness, our in-house spot featuring a luxurious recovery room offering cutting-edge therapies such as cryotherapy, red light therapy, and compression therapy in a serene environment. Let our expert staff tailor a personalized recovery plan to meet your needs, helping you optimize your recovery, enhance performance, and elevate your overall well-being!

 ## WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING

 ## REAL MEMBER REVIEWS

 Arya ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 Fantastic facility and staff! I've been to a handful of Boxing/MMA gyms and Storm has them all beat in terms of atmosphere, classes, and cleanliness. I've been training boxing with Peter and he's without a doubt the best coach I've ever had - would absolutely recommend Storm to anyone who is curious to learn more & explore martial arts to seasoned veterans looking for a place to train & spar.

 Sha Li Hsu ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 I started going to Storm over the summer and taken a variety of classes. I have enjoyed them all! All of the coaches are super friendly and didn’t mind pausing to help me learn new techniques or figure out proper form to prevent injury. They let me go at my own pace but still encouraged me to push as much as I could to get a great workout. Also…what I absolutely love is that this gym and the women’s bathroom are both SO CLEAN and organized. I haven’t seen the men’s bathroom, but I can’t imagine it be any different. There are multiple sanitizing wipe stations with expectations that everyone follows to wipe things down and the coaches I see sanitizing equipment throughout the day as well. I am super happy that I’ve found my gym.

 Ani Wenger ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 ignore the person above me review, he only give 1 star to everyone . what a happy person

 Amazing gym.100% worth the money. my son and his friends go here. in as few as 6 months they learn to defend them self . they actually they were in few situations( in Orange county) were they had to defend themselves and they were well equip to do so. In a crazy world of today is always good to be able to defend yourself or your loved ones . i HIGHLY recommend this gym and this self defense art .

 J SLY ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 I started going to Storm over the summer. I thought it would be a cool way to workout with my son. We only planned to do it for a month but ended up going strong up until September. Very good experience. We liked the trainers and got a really good workout.

 Amy Laguna ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 From day one, I knew this was it! All the staff and coaches are so welcoming, helpful, skilled and know how to motivate and push you! The hardest part about working out, is getting there, but once you are at Storm you are family and you are so glad you are there! They have so much offer for classes and a brand new recovery room you must check out.

 ## Join The Best gym near me in Laguna Hills!

 GET STARTED

 ## Are You Ready To Level Up?

 ## Getting Started Is Easy!

 STEP 1

 ### SCHEDULE YOUR FIRST VISIT Talk with a coach about your goals and meet our trainers, tour the gym, and learn more about our programs.

 STEP 2

 ### START YOUR TRAINING We will start you strong by taking you through the fundamentals of training and sound habits, putting you on the road to success!

 STEP 3

 ### HAVE FUN REACHING NEW LEVELS Book classes easily on our app, improve your fitness, and enjoy the workouts with awesome people and reach your goals in no time!

 ## this is your call to action...

 ## start Your Journey today!

 GET STARTED

 ## Got Questions? We've Got Answers Right Here!

 How Do I Join and Get Started?
 Super simple! Just click get started anywhere here on the page to book your free intro session where you’ll tour the gym & meet our coaches.
 We will chat about your current situation, your desired situation to see if we can help and if we are good fit for each other. Sign up today!

 Do You Provide Guidance on Nutrition & Recovery?
 Yes! We provide guidance on eating right or sleeping well which can help maximize energy levels – getting YOU maximum results from your efforts. Sign up today!

 Do I Need to Already Be Fit To Join?
 Nope! Most of our members start just like you. We assess each new members fitness level. Then our workouts are “universally scaled”, with a different version of each days workout designed for every level. As you level up you can take on more challenging variants of the workout if you desire. Sign up today!

 What Makes Storm MMA & Training Center Different From The Other Gyms Near Me?
 We are locally owned and purpose built to make an impact on the health and happiness in Laguna Hills and the surrounding area. You’re not just a number here, everyone knows your name. We’re a community of like-minded people that wants you to show up and supports each other on this journey to live better lives – with no judgement or criticism along the way. Sign up today!

 How Many Days Per Week Should I Attend To See Results?
 When you start at Storm MMA & Training Center, your fitness level will improve quickly, usually in the first 30 days.
 The key to see results is consistency and commitment over time so that’s why we recommend 3 classes per week as a start.
 You’ll be sore some days, so allow yourself recovery days between training sessions at first – over the course of the following months work up towards 5 days per week if you want to maximize! Sign up today!

 What Should I Expect In A Class?
 We offer an exciting, challenging and varied programming which will keep it fun! The workouts are published in advance
 Some days are more strength focused where will focus on our lifts. Movements like barbell squats, kettlebell swings and occasionally some olympics lifts will be included.
 Other days, we may focus more on cardio and conditioning with rowers and bikes. Some days are focused on body weight movements like pushups, sit-ups, and pull-ups. Some days are a mix of everything.
 Each class is 60 minutes and led by qualified coaches. We always start together with a warm-up designed to activate the muscles being used in the workout.The coach will brief on the group on the workout, the movements, and the proper form. During the workout, the coach will be guiding and providing instruction.
 At the end of class, we will cool down together to accelerate recovery and reduce potential injury. Sign up today!

 GET STARTED
