---
source_url: http://www.studio8bjj.com/
final_url: https://studio8bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:14.160Z
---

## Welcome To # Studio 8 BJJ If you’re looking to flip your fitness routine upside down, look no further. At Studio 8 BJJ, we believe that anyone is capable of success. The art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind too. Studio 8 BJJ’s Jiu Jitsu program will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment.
 At Studio 8 BJJ there are no contracts to sign, our program memberships are on a month-to-month basis. Get started today!
 Memberships

 ## Features While you may have many Jiu Jitsu schools to choose from, we have no doubt that Studio 8 BJJ is in a league of its own. Don’t believe us? Here’s why:

 - - Discipline Martial arts is built on self-discipline. At our school, you’ll reach your goals, work hard, and learn skills that last a lifetime. - Self-Defense While we offer a course explicitly for self defense, the elements of self defense are incorporated into each and every one of our classes. - Confidence Our martial arts training will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar! - Community Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, and dedicated students, you’ll sense our community the moment you walk through the doors.

 #### Brazilian ### Jiu Jitsu Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master!
 Learn More

 #### Jiu Jitsu ### For Kids BJJ helps kids gain confidence, learn discipline, focus their energy, foster respect for others, and be a part of a one-of-a-kind community full of future friends
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - Amazing place to train and a great brotherhood. Lunchtime classes, or night classes, either way it’s a great opportunity to learn and roll with some great people! Cameron Beste Student - Can't recommend this place highly enough. My sons, 8 and 6 really enjoy training here. They are learning skills and values that will serve them well in life. Kristina Kautsky Parent - There's four black belts who regularly attend and teach class so the knowledge base is excessively worth the tuition. Head instructor cares deeply about the integrity and efficacy Bret Spoehr Student - All-around cool place, great atmosphere, helpful instructors, and plenty of space to practice. Chris Ellis Student - Walked in about a year ago and haven’t looked back. Great community, all the professors are awesome and you can tell they love bjj. A lot of classes during the week and even open m Duni V Student - best gym in jax. amazing community Elijah Giles Student - A great gym. Quality instruction from people who truly want to help you get better at BJJ. Joseph Tomasso Student - Great gym with a great atmosphere. Multiple opportunities for open mat time throughout the week. My son, daughter, and I train here. If you're new to grappling or looking at option Kristopher Smith Student - Great Gym….fantastic mat space, great instruction, and better people!!! 10/10 Kyle Justice Student - This gym is absolutely top-notch. Professor Brandon and the instructors bring great experience and knowledge to the mat. The members here are welcoming and are always pushing you t Paris Bumgardner Student - Went there during lunch today. Brandon is a great instructor and a consummate professional. He gave me such great pointers and his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is legit high level! I look f Sergeant Soldier Student - Great place to train, promotions are earned, and you're almost always guaranteed to have a black belt or more training and coaching you. Sergio Alvarez Student - What a great place! Brandon is an awesome instructor and goes out of his way to work with each students abilities and strives to push them to be more self confident every day. Sherry Oliver Parent - I love coming here, Brandon the owner is a great stand up dude who treats everyone like family and doesn't beat around the bush. Tyler Student

 #### Still Have ### Questions Do you still have questions about Jiu-Jitsu? We have answers!
 Do you still have questions about Jiu-Jitsu? We have answers!
 Contact Us

 #### ### Memberships At Jean Jacques Machado BJJ Mandarin there are no contracts to sign. Join Today!
 At Jean Jacques Machado BJJ Mandarin there are no contracts to sign. Join Today!
 View More

 #### ### Schedule Check out our current class schedule!
 Check out our current class schedule!
 View Schedule
