---
source_url: http://www.elevatemmaacademy.com
final_url: https://elevatemmaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:59.657Z
---

### ELEVATE MMA ACADEMY

 ###### DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA

 At Elevate MMA Academy we offer a fun, safe environment to learn and develop the core elements of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA). We offer classes in striking, grappling and takedowns that will challenge and develop participants of any skill level.
 Conveniently located in the Triangle Elevate students will learn techniques from boxing, kickboxing, muay thai, brazilian jiu-jitsu, wrestling and judo.

 ### Testimonials

 - "Elevate is a fantastic place to train. I came in with absolutely no grappling experience and have learned a bunch since starting just a couple months ago. Cody is an amazing coach and everyone is incredibly encouraging and supportive and ready to learn. If you want to get into better shape and learn some incredible techniques sign up now!"Allen Lyons - "This is the premier MMA school in the area. Instruction is amazing and a plethora of talent comes by. The atmosphere walking into the gym reminds me of one big family, which is very conducive to learning. Appearance-wise, the facility looks amazing and clean, and the mats are immaculate!"Shayaan Sarfraz - "The instruction here is dedicated, detailed, and passionate. The members and atmosphere here are both super welcoming. The mats are busy and if you want to elevate your practice you need to come by and try this place out!"Christopher Nottage - "Awesome place to train! You feel like home as soon as you walk through the door. Great instruction paired with great people that make you feel like family from day one!"Donald Platt - "FANTASTIC environment for meeting super friendly like minded martial artists. Coaches know their stuff."Liam Vandeth - "Fantastic place to train. Very well kept facility and the mat space is awesome. The head instructor, Cody, is really insightful and breaks things down in ways so it can be understood by any skill level. Training partners are fantastic and the gym just feels like one big family."Sean McDonald - "Incredible instructors and staff. Hands down the most welcoming gym I have ever been to. Family atmosphere and they work with all skill levels. The facility and mats are always clean. Can't recommend Elevate MMA enough."Christopher Beland - "Elevate is by far the nicest martial arts gym I have been to. It is always clean and welcoming, and the instruction is some of the best I have encountered as well. Highly recommended."Kyle O'Briant - "The kind of gym you want to practice martial arts, no matter if you're just starting or switching gyms, the friendly environment combined with good technical and experienced instructors makes Elevate a great place to train!"Khaled Murshed
