---
source_url: https://senzobjj.com/programs/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://senzobjj.com/programs/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:27.218Z
---

# Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our adult BJJ program is flexible and dynamic—you can train for fitness, self-defense, stress relief, or competition. With high-level instruction, we support everyone from complete beginners to seasoned competitors, helping each student progress at their own pace while transforming their body and mind through Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Train Hard. Stay Humble. ### Keep Improving.
 ##### Fundamental Program Our Fundamentals Program is the perfect entry point for anyone new to Jiu-Jitsu, whether in Gi or No-Gi. Here, you’ll learn the essential techniques, principles, and movements that form the foundation of the art. Once you’ve built confidence and skill, you’ll be ready to move into our Intermediate and Advanced Programs.

 ##### Intermediate and Advanced Programs For those looking to continue their progression, our Intermediate and Advanced Programs offer deeper technical training, refined strategies, and higher-level application. With consistency, effort, and dedication, students can evolve from beginners into highly skilled practitioners, ready to apply Jiu-Jitsu in competition or everyday life.

 ##### Safe Training One of the biggest concerns adults have when starting Jiu-Jitsu is the risk of injury. At Senzo Jiu-Jitsu Academy, your safety is our priority. Our instructors tailor training to each individual, recognizing that every body has different strengths and limits. This personalized approach ensures you can train confidently and enjoy the journey without unnecessary worry.

 ### Sign up for a FREE BJJ class! ###### Get started at Senzo with a free Jiu-Jitsu class! It’s a great opportunity to get going and see what BJJ lessons can do for you or your kids!

 Kids Free Trial ##### Free Trial Class ×

 Adult Free Trial ##### Free Trial Class ×

 #### Master Technique, Build Strength, and ### Challenge Yourself
 It’s never too late to start Jiu-Jitsu. No matter your age or experience level, we provide a safe, supportive environment where you can learn, grow, and thrive on the mats. At Senzo, the only thing you need to focus on is the excitement of your next step forward.

 ### Contact Us! Whether you’re brand new to martial arts or an experienced competitor, Senzo Jiu-Jitsu Academy provides top-quality instruction for every level. Starting Jiu-Jitsu is simple with our Foundations Course, designed to help beginners feel confident and comfortable from day one.
 We proudly serve Greenville and nearby communities including Traveler’s Rest, Taylors, Easley, Five Forks, and Simpsonville. You’ll find us conveniently located at the Cherrydale Point Shopping Center, right beside the Regal Theater—come visit and see what makes Senzo different!

 864-908-6974

 info@senzobjj.com

 3225 N Pleasantburg Dr Ste D, Greenville, SC 29609
