---
source_url: https://senzobjj.com/schedule/
final_url: https://senzobjj.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:29.450Z
---

# Schedule The Senzo Jiu-Jitsu schedule is designed to accommodate families in Greenville, Traveler’s Rest, Taylors, Easley, Five Forks, and Simpsonville. We have BJJ classes running Monday-Saturday, with kids lessons on Tuesday-Friday afternoon. Take a look to find the best time for you and/or your child to roll onto our mats!

 #### Senzo Jiu-Jitsu Academy’s ### Current Class Schedule

 Click a program to filter:
 Please Select A Day

 Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday | | | | | Adult BJJ 10:30 AM | | Kids BJJ (6-10 YR)4:00 PM | | Kids BJJ (6-10 YR)4:00 PM | Kids BJJ (6-10 YR)4:00 PM | | Kids BJJ(10-15 YR)5:00 PM | Kids BJJ (10-15 YR)5:00 PM | Kids No-Gi(10-15 YR)5:00 PM* MUST HAVE 2 STRIPES | Kids BJJ (10-15 YR)5:00 PM | Kids BJJ (10-15 YR)5:00 PM* Competition Class Invite Only | | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | Adult No-Gi 6:30 PM* MUST HAVE 1 STRIPE | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | |

 Download PDF

 # Senzo Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday | | | | | Adult BJJ 10:30 AM | | Kids BJJ (6-10 YR)4:00 PM | | Kids BJJ (6-10 YR)4:00 PM | Kids BJJ (6-10 YR)4:00 PM | | Kids BJJ(10-15 YR)5:00 PM | Kids BJJ (10-15 YR)5:00 PM | Kids No-Gi(10-15 YR)5:00 PM* MUST HAVE 2 STRIPES | Kids BJJ (10-15 YR)5:00 PM | Kids BJJ (10-15 YR)5:00 PM* Competition Class Invite Only | | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | Adult No-Gi 6:30 PM* MUST HAVE 1 STRIPE | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | Adult BJJ 6:30 PM | |

 ### Sign up for a FREE BJJ class! ###### Get started at Senzo with a free Jiu-Jitsu class! It’s a great opportunity to get going and see what BJJ lessons can do for you or your kids!

 Kids Free Trial ##### Free Trial Class ×

 Adult Free Trial ##### Free Trial Class ×

 #### Find the Right ### Jiu-Jitsu Class for You
 Make sure to take a look at the Senzo weekly schedule. BJJ classes run six days a week, with afternoon kids Jiu-Jitsu classes to accommodate your busy days. Check it out and find when to get started at Senzo Jiu-Jitsu Academy!

 ### Contact Us! Whether you’re brand new to martial arts or an experienced competitor, Senzo Jiu-Jitsu Academy provides top-quality instruction for every level. Starting Jiu-Jitsu is simple with our Foundations Course, designed to help beginners feel confident and comfortable from day one.
 We proudly serve Greenville and nearby communities including Traveler’s Rest, Taylors, Easley, Five Forks, and Simpsonville. You’ll find us conveniently located at the Cherrydale Point Shopping Center, right beside the Regal Theater—come visit and see what makes Senzo different!

 864-908-6974

 info@senzobjj.com

 3225 N Pleasantburg Dr Ste D, Greenville, SC 29609
