---
source_url: http://monadnockbrazilianjiujitsu.com/about/
final_url: https://monadnockbrazilianjiujitsu.com/about/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:16.631Z
---

# About MBJJ

 Try a Free class!

 ## About Monadnock Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Monadnock Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offers professional training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to kids and adults of all skill levels. Whether you want to train for competition, learn self defense, or get in shape and have fun, MBJJ will help you to meet your goals. Jiu Jitsu black belt Peter Greene and his team of senior students teach classes in both gi and no-gi instruction, offered six days a week with flexible times that fit your schedule and plenty of open mat time for those who like to roll. Come see what jiu jitsu has to offer and join the MBJJ family.

 ## Who can do Jiu Jitsu? Anyone can do Jiu Jitsu, no matter their age, body type, or gender. At Monadnock Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we help you find and develop the jiu jitsu “game” that uses your natural strengths to your advantage.
 Whether you are trying jiu jitsu for the first time, have years of experience, or are returning from a hiatus, we provide personalized instruction to help you gain the skills and confidence to train with anyone, advance your technique, and meet your goals.
 At MBJJ, people train to:
 • Explore a new art
 • Train competitively
 • Get in shape
 • Develop targeted physical fitness and strength
 • Gain confidence
 • Learn self defense
 • Find a community of like-minded people
 Whatever brings you in the door, we provide an enjoyable and supportive space where you can pursue your goals.

 ## What is Jiu Jitsu? Jiu Jitsu is a grappling art that emphasizes the ability to control an opponent on the ground and defend against ground attacks. Jiu Jitsu utilizes principles of leverage and body positioning to allow people of all sizes and shapes to defend and apply advanced technique against any training partner. The great jiu jitsu players know that it’s not just a physical contest, but a contest of the mind. Like a game of chess, jiu jitsu offers those who enjoy an intellectual challenge the chance to think five moves ahead and develop a strategy that outsmarts their opponent. Whether you’re a life-long martial artist or brand new, jiu jitsu offers everyone an individual experience and the chance to develop skill and confidence in hand-to-hand ground combat.

 Try a Free class!
 "Jiu Jitsu is one of the very few things in my life that can quiet all of the noise in my head. Having such a tangible and physical challenge in front of you that needs to be solved is so foreign but so refreshing. It’s been a great outlet for relieving stress."
 #### -Jimmy

 "I have been honored to be a part of the Monadnock bjj family for several years now. I put both of our daughters in the kid’s program for about 2 years before I got up the courage to join in. It was a pleasure to watch them grow and develop in their newfound grappling skills. Read More
 That was the first time I got to watch either of them really exert themselves and push their limits physically. Then, after class one fateful evening, my 12 year old daughter was able to demonstrate a sweet take-down…on me. I joined the adult class that next week and haven’t looked back.It’s an intense and humbling experience to begin jiujitsu as an adult but it has been life changing in many wonderful ways. The people at Monadnock are great. Everyone is friendly, and willing to give and receive advice when needed. The sport seems to self-select for humility and that is reflected in our group. I have learned things there in the past few years that have made me a better father and husband. I have gained a much better sense of patience. It has been very helpful for me personally and I am proud to participate with those folks and call them my friends.” #### - Michael Kasschau
