---
source_url: http://www.flushingjiujitsu.com
final_url: http://www.flushingjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:50.922Z
---

× Search

 - Welcome to Lotus Club Jiu Jitsu Academy get a free trial class Check Class Schedule - Welcome to Lotus Club Jiu Jitsu Academy get a free trial class Check Class Schedule - Welcome to Lotus Club Jiu Jitsu Academy get a free trial class Check Class Schedule - Welcome to Lotus Club Jiu Jitsu Academy get a free trial class Check Class Schedule - Welcome to Lotus Club Jiu Jitsu Academy get a free trial class Check Class Schedule

 CALL US ##### (917) 939-5303

 153-14 Northern Blvd 2nd Fl ##### FLUSHING, NY 11354

 SCHOOL HOURS ##### DAILY: 12PM - 9PM

 about Jiu Jitsu Academy
 As home of Lotus Club Brazilian Jiu Jitsu we are committed to help you enhance your life on and off the mat.
 In our new, outstanding facility, world class instructions are structured in a way where everyone is able to grasp the essence of each technique.

 We value Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as an essential tool for personal growth. Lotus Jiu Jitsu will help you build self-confidence, mindfulness, and a positive attitude.

 Become a champion in every aspect of your life by applying what you learn on the mat in your daily life.

 Our programs
 ##### BJJ Intermediate Mon 7:30 - 9:00 PM

 ##### BJJ No Gi All levels Thu 6:40 - 8:00 PM

 ##### BJJ Fundamentals Tue 6:40 - 8:00 PM

 ##### BJJ All levels Wed 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM

 ##### Kick Boxing / MMA Tue & Thu 8:10 - 9:00 PM

 ##### Kids Taekwondo / MMA Mon, Wed & Fri 6:00-6:50 PM

 Our Instructor
 About Andy Goo
 "Jiu Jitsu is martial art and way of life that trains a practitioner to be peaceful. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a grappling-based martial art whose central theme is the skill of controlling a resisting opponent in ways that force him to submit. "
 - Brazilian Jiu jitsu Black Belt - American Kickboxing Black Belt - Taekwondo 5th Degree Black Belt

 Rolling / Sparring FAQ
 ##### Q Do I have to be in shape to get started?
 Not at all. You’ll find that our classes for beginners are the perfect way to build up your overall fitness level regardless of your physical condition. Good luck!

 ##### Q Can I come and watch a class?
 Sure. Anytime, you can come to the classes to watch or you can join a free trial class.

 ##### Q Am I too old to start martial arts training?
 Absolutely no. This is a martial art. You can be trained to develop your stamina. If you do not have any health problems, then you can join now!

 CALL US ##### (917) 939 - 5303

 153-14 Northern Blvd 2nd Fl ##### FLUSHING NY 11354

 SCHOOL HOURS ##### DAILY: 12PM - 9PM

 © Copyright 2018 All Rights Reserved
