---
source_url: http://jessiethorntonunitedkarate.com
final_url: https://jessiethorntonunitedkarate.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:55.066Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 # THE ULTIMATE MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL IN RINGGOLD FOR LIFELONG GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT. Our classes help our students get into their best physical shape, sharpen focus, and thrive in school, work, and life! Begin training with us and witness excellent benefits to your body and mind.

 ## A family that kicks together sticks together! ####

 ## Get Ready for an Amazing New Year with Karate! Start 2026 strong, focused, and disciplined!

 Learn awesome stuff:
 • Self-defense: Be safe and confident!
 • Self-discipline: Focus better in school and at home.
 • Focusing skills: Improve your grades!
 • Perseverance: Never give up on your goals!
 Plus, it's a super fun way to get fit and make new friends!

 Come kick with us!
 FREE trial classes for all new students!
 Located at: 61 Tennessee St, Ringgold GA
 Call to schedule your FREE class today: 706-965-8148
 Get Started NowBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ### LET'S BRING OUT THE BEST IN YOU! Our classes guide kids, teens, and adults of all experience levels and backgrounds to reach their goals through martial arts. Every session is not just about physical fitness but about growing in many aspects of life. Not only will you enjoy and have the time of your life, but you will also learn timeless things that you'll carry wherever you go!

 Build lean muscle, burn fat, and boost metabolism

 Immerse in exciting, action-packed martial arts classes

 Get guided by our expert instructors

 Fasttrack your progress with customized feedback

 Perform better in school, at work, and in other parts of your life

 Get Started Now

 ### LEARN MARTIAL ARTS, SELF-DEFENSE, AND MORE! Our fitness programs won't just teach you martial arts techniques but also how to defend yourself and your loved ones! We'll teach you to use every method in the book to your advantage and apply these in the best way possible. Come out braver, smarter, and wiser from our sessions!

 Acquire practical self-defense and fitness skills

 Develop lifelong healthy habits

 Make more mindful choices and sharpen awareness

 Know how to act quickly on your feet

 Be equipped to face unexpected situations

 Get Started Now

 ### Avail of our Martial Arts Spring Special 2026! Jessie Thornton's United Karate Studio's Spring Special 2026!
 Spring is just around the corner, so let's work out together!

 Choose from our options below:
 - Get 8 WEEKS of Karate Classes + a FREE Uniform for $225
 - Buy 2 + Get 1 FREE (from any Jessie Thornton Membership)

 Located at: 61 Tennessee St, Ringgold GA
 Call our number or sign up for a free trial course: 706-965-8148

 Get your kick on at Jessie Thornton's United Karate Studio in Ringgold GA!

 A FAMILY THAT KICKS TOGETHER STICKS TOGETHER!

 ### Why Choose Us Dynamic, Enjoyable, and Effective Workouts for Everyone. LET'S GET STARTED!

 Kids Karate

 Self-Defense

 Adult Karate

 Choose a Program

 ##
