---
source_url: http://pgbjj.com
final_url: https://pgbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:08.020Z
---

WELCOME TO PERFORMANCE MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY LEARN MORE

 ### BEN BAXTER 2 TIME AMERICAN NATIONAL CHAMPION | IBJJF CERTIFIED

 ### FUN GET IN SHAPE, WHILE HAVING FUN! START TODAY!

 ### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU AWARD WINNING BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU PROGRAM

 ### Family Friendly WE OFFER FAMILY DISCOUNTS!

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals | Advanced | All Levels

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Youth) Ages 4-8 | Ages 9-14

 ## NOGI BJJ Wrestling | Cardio

 # PERFORMANCE MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY STAFF

 #### ONE TEAM | ONE FAMILY | IBJJF CERTIFIED BLACK BELTS.

 ### Ben Baxter

 ##### 3RD DEGREE BLACK BELT | HEAD INSTRUCTOR

 ### DEVIN ROAN

 #### 2ND DEGREE BLACK BELT | INSTRUCTOR

 # PMMA | TRAIN FOR LIFE

 At Performance Martial Arts Academy, all classes utilize a fun and focused curriculum. All of our instructors really care about each and every student, and it shows! No matter what your experience level is, or what your goals are, we will do our best to make sure your time & effort at our academy is a positive & rewarding one! PMMA is a proud member of the Caio Terra Association

 Contact us

 Performance Martial Arts Academy FREE 3 DAY TRIAL

 - - - - - - - -

 The Performance Martial Arts Academy, Springfield is one of Oregon's premier martial arts academies. With programs for men, women, children specializing in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, boxing and self defense we invite you to come check us out and see all we have to offer. With over 5000sf of the best equipment and mats you’ll find anywhere, we ensure that you and your family will have a safe, fun experience every time! FREE TRIAL IS FOR EUGENE AND SPRINGFIELD RESIDENTS ONLY!
 Your name *
 Your phone
 Your e-mail *
 Your message *
 Send
