---
source_url: http://www.academy231.com
final_url: https://www.academy231.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:51.798Z
---

# Transform Your Mind And Body
 Lead form
 ## ✅ Decrease Anxiety, Stress and Lack of Focus ✅ Learn Self Defense and Be More Confident ✅ Burn Fat, Get Stronger and Be More Flexible
 Get Started

 My son is 4 and absolutely love the jujitsu class! They work closely and have so much fun! Great teachers and all around GREAT place!

 Emily Prow

 ## Reach your full potential with Jiu-Jitsu
 Confidence

 - Learn to defend yourself against bigger and stronger attackers
 ​
 - Practice proven techniques with real resistance daily
 ​
 - Kids learn how to deflect bullies and self-defense

 Mental Health

 - Join a community of likeminded people
 ​
 - Reduce stress, improve focus, and become more present
 ​
 - Learn how to control your emotions under challenging situations

 Physical Health

 - Improve your Flexibility and Coordination
 ​
 - Improve your cardiovascular health
 ​
 - Lose weight fast without doing boring workouts and cardio on a treadmill

 ## 5 week beginner Self-Defense Program
 Ready to get in shape while learning real-world self-defense and having fun?
 Starting your Jiu-Jitsu journey doesn't have to be nerve-wracking. We found that how most gyms introduce new people to Jiu-Jitsu is outdated. You would show up to your first class, not knowing what to expect. You would join a class with people of all levels, which caused new students to feel lost. Which is why we started our beginner program.
 Our new 5-Week Beginner Jiu-Jitsu program features 2 classes per week with expert instruction. You will learn the very fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense without the risk of getting hurt. You will be practicing among other beginners just like you. Best of all, you got a FREE uniform! If you are ready to start your Jiu-Jitsu journey, click the button below!

 Get Started

 ## Our Programs
 Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 Does your kid struggle with focus, self-confidence, bullying and discipline?

 Learn More

 Adult Jiu-Jitsu

 Looking for a fun and effective way to workout while learning self defense?

 Learn More

 # Our Member Transformations

 ## Fast And Easy Way To Kickstart Your Jiu-Jitsu Journey
 ### Join a community of people like you
 At Academy 231, we strive to provide a supportive and encouraging community of people from all walks of life.
 When you join our team, you are not just learning Jiu-Jitsu, but you will be able to network and build a strong bond with people looking to improve themselves.

 ### Learn Self-Defense concepts
 Want to learn how to really defend yourself, and your family? Jiu-Jitsu is hands down one of the most effective self-defense martial arts.
 Learn the fundamental techniques that will help you stay safe during a physical altercation. Such as: ​
 - Basic takedowns - Escapes - Submissions - Pins
 ​

 ### Jiu-Jitsu classes every day of the week!
 Finding time to train Jiu-Jitsu is no longer a problem. Find the perfect training routine for you to meet your goals! At Academy 231, we offer classes everyday of the week.

 ### Improve Your Fitness
 Are you struggling to stay in shape, or looking for a fun way to have an active lifestyle? You can now ditch your boring routine. Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most effective tools for weight loss. You will lose weight, get more flexible and increase your cardiovascular endurance while learning how to move your body like never before. and Best of all... you will have a crazy good time while doing so!
