---
source_url: https://www.kingstonjjc.com
final_url: https://www.kingstonjjc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:30.880Z
---

#### A Note From Head Instructor David Jones, We're thrilled to be bringing the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to Kingston, Washington, and the greater north Kitsap Peninsula with the launch of Kingston Jiu-Jitsu Club. Our goal is to create a community that's more than just a gym, where we can all help each other reach our fitness and martial arts goals while striving to be the best versions of ourselves.
 Our vision is to create a place where you can connect with like-minded people who share your passion for martial arts and fitness. Whether you're a seasoned competitor or just starting out, you'll find a warm and welcoming community here. We offer a variety of classes for everyone, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Whether you want to master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, hone your submission grappling skills, learn self-defense techniques, or sweat it out with our MMA-inspired workouts, we've got something for you.
 As the head instructor, I am thrilled to share my knowledge and experience with you to help you develop confidence, discipline, and strength both on and off the mat. We prioritize technique, respect, and camaraderie in all of our classes. Regardless of your background or skill level, everyone can connect with like-minded people who share their need to feel supported and encouraged to achieve their goals, irrespective of age or physical limitations.
 If you're interested in joining us and discovering the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, submission grappling, self-defense, MMA, and fitness training, we'd be thrilled to have you! We can’t wait for you to join us on the mats! We can’t wait for you to join us on the mats and start your transformative journey.
