---
source_url: https://www.ipponfitness.com
final_url: https://www.ipponfitness.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:28.504Z
---

# WELCOME TO IPPON GYM

 #### IPPON GYM is the Paraestra UK HQ, to become a UK affiliate sign up at Paraestra UK

 BECOME AN AFFILIATE

 ## ABOUT IPPON GYM

 Jeff Lawson’s Ippon gym is an inclusive training space dedicated to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu . With more than 25 years on the front lines of competitive martial arts, Lawson created Ippon to be free from intimidation and judgement. Ippon is a friendly, no-nonsense training gym that welcomes anyone with an interest in improving their mental and physical fitness.
 As well as group classes in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai , we also have open mat sessions, one-to-one training, and a dynamic children’s programme from ages five through to eighteen. As such, we have a lot of families in the Ippon community.
 Our gym is an environment that nurtures growth, discipline and agility – both physically and mentally. Whether it’s building resilience and strength for competitions, or developing a focussed and strategic approach in intense situations, the attitudes and lessons learnt extend far beyond our time on the mats.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIUJITSU (BJJ)

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial arts based in ground fighting. It was formed from Judo ground fighting fundamentals that were taught to Carlos Gracie by master Mitsuyo Maeda as a appreciation for his help.

 READ MORE

 ## MUAY THAI (THAI BOXING)

 Muay Thai or Thai Boxing is one of the most effective martial arts in the world. This physical and mental discipline includes combat on foot and is known as “the art of eight limbs” because it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees, shins and feet.

 READ MORE

 ## CHILDREN’S BRAZILIAN JIUJITSU

 We run a full children’s package in martial arts for children age 4 and above. Our kids’ Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes focus on developing your son or daughter with confidence and respect whilst strengthening the whole body.

 READ MORE

 ## PERSONAL TRAINING

 Our experienced personal trainers are highly qualified, focused and fun! Whether it’s Muay Thai, MMA, BJJ, weight loss, fitness, strength & conditioning or goal specific, our friendly team offer individual or group sessions designed for results in our cutting edge private studio.

 READ MORE

 ### BRAZILIAN JIUJITSU CLASSES

 ## ONLY £65 P/M

 ### MUAY THAI CLASSES

 ## ONLY £65 P/M

 ### BRAZILIAN JIUJITSU & MUAY THAI CLASSES

 ## ONLY £90 P/M

 ## GET IN TOUCH

 Interested in Muay Thai (Thai Boxing) Brazilian JiuJitsu (BJJ)
 Here at Ippon Gym we take your privacy seriously and we will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us. From time to time we would like to email you with details of our classes, updated timetables, membership offers and much more. If you consent us to emailing you for this purpose, please tick to confirm.
