---
source_url: https://firstbjj.com/
final_url: https://www.firstbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:21.604Z
---

# Master Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.Build confidence,transform your life Conquer the Mat: Join the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Revolution
 Claim your 2 free classes

 Experience the First BJJ difference
 # Our Classes
 ###### Adult Gi Sharpen your techniques, while boosting your strength and flexibility. Ideal for all skill levels. Our classes blend discipline and skill enhancement in a collaborative atmosphere, fostering mutual growth and learning

 ###### Adult NoGi No-Gi focuses on fast-paced grappling techniques without the traditional gi. This class emphasizes body control and leverage. You’ll learn effective submissions and positional strategies. Ideal for self- defense and MMA.

 ###### Ladies Enhance your jiu-jitsu journey with the First BJJ Women's Group. Benefit from personalized attention in smaller classes, and join a vibrant community of women dedicated to motivating each other in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and life.

 ###### Fundamentals Focuses on basic techniques, drills, and principles, with an emphasis in groundwork and positional control. There’s no rolling in this class.

 ###### Kids Our Kids BJJ is fun and engaging. Kids learn self-defense, discipline, and respect while improving their physical fitness. Classes are tailored to be age-appropriate and safe.

 ###### Private Private BJJ classes offer tailored, one-on-one training for all levels, focusing on personalized technique refinement and accelerated learning.

 # What to expect Elevate Your Skills with Our Systematic BJJ Training Approach

 ###### Warm Up Focused warm ups help prepare your body for the class ahead. We focus on movements that will help cement in the basics.

 ###### Skills Training The majority of the class will be spent building and drilling movements to help it become second nature. Repetition is key.

 ###### Rolling Time to put it all together. It’s a time to apply and test techniques. Each student rolls with every level belt for optimal learning.

 # What our students are saying
 World-class instructors, friendly people, and a great family environment. My son and I both take classes here. It's one of the best things we've ever done. I highly recommend First BJJ.
 Randy Boyle

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu straight from the source from coaches who have competed at the highest level. Best Jiu-Jitsu academy in Salt Lake. First BJJ is a family and all are welcome! Don't wait any longer, come train!
 Marcus Singleton

 With zero exercise in 2 years, I asked the professors how to prepare for my first class. The answer: Start class. First BJJ is not only a great workout, but a community of supportive people. I never felt judged—only support. 5 years later and I have never felt healthier.
 Shelly Gearheart

 Read other reviews

 # Come experience the best BJJ Gym Claim your 2 free classes
