---
source_url: https://josholdfield.wixsite.com/mysite
final_url: https://josholdfield.wixsite.com/mysite
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:03.671Z
---

# Ground Control BJJ & MMA
 #### DEFEND, COMPETE, WIN #### EST. 2009

 Sign Up
 Training
 About
 ## MEET ## JEFF COPE
 Jeff Cope's Second Degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu represents more than a decade of devotion to the art and science of grappling. Professor Cope blends his encyclopedic knowledge of Gi techniques with the dynamic and ever-evolving no-gi game.
 Jeff also holds the rank of Black Belt in Kyokushin and Shotokan Karate. Collaborating with some of the best technicians in the area, Jeff has prepared fighters of all different styles, ages, and sizes to win. Whether its in the cage, on the street, on the mats, or in life, Ground Control has helped many reach a higher level.

 - - -

 Winnings
 ## COACHING TEAM
 Da'Quan Blair
 Boxing Coach
 - 15 YEARS OF BOXING EXPERIENCE - BJJ Blue Belt

 Chad Ambrose
 Striking/MMA Coach
 - Western Boxing - Muay Thai Boxing - BJJ Purple Belt

 Penny Claude
 Kids Coach
 - BJJ Blue Belt - 4th Degree Black Belt Japanese Jujitsu - 2nd Degree Black Belt American Combat Jujitsu

 Josh Oldfield
 Support Staff
 - BJJ Purple Belt - Facility Upkeep - Web/Media

 #### START TRAINING TODAY
 SIGN UP

 The Studio
 ## THE GYM
 Located on the North side of Winston Salem in the Old Towne Shopping Center on Reynolda Rd. Most find it more convenient to park on the back side of the building.
 ​

 #### ADDRESS
 3800 Reynold Rd #200
 Winston Salem, NC
 ​

 #### HOURS
 MONDAY - FRIDAY
 11am - 1pm & 5pm-9pm
 SATURDAY
 11am - 1PM
 ​
