---
source_url: http://nitsujmartialarts.com
final_url: https://nitsujmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:15.390Z
---

# empowering children through discipline respect and self confidence empowering children through discipline respect and self confidence empowering children through discipline respect and self confidence empowering children through discipline respect and self confidence

 (860) 299-6097

 ## Nitsuj Martial Arts #### Enrichment Programs #### Glastonbury DOJO Studio #### Glastonbury DOJO Studio
 Our enrichment programs allow our own Martial Arts Instructors to go directly into your school or daycare center and teach your child, on site, during their normal school day.

 Find out more

 #### Glastonbury DOJO Studio #### Glastonbury DOJO Studio #### Glastonbury DOJO Studio
 Come learn with us at out DOJO Studio on 80 Eastern Boulevard in Glastonbury.

 Find out more

 ## What Our Customers Are saying "Justin and Josh are fantastic, patient and talented instructors. My daughter has gotten a great deal out of their classes both through daycare and at the studio. I’m excited to see her progress and all that she is achieving!" -Heather Boudreau

 “Nitsuj is amazing! Both of my boys have attended Justin’s classes. He helped bring out their confidence! He is an amazing teacher to all ages. Once you sign-up you’re a part of the Nitsuj family and are treated with acceptance and respect. I will forever be grateful for Nitsuj and his team for the skills and confidence they have passed on to our family.” -Kelly Schneider

 “By far, the best Martial Arts school I've ever been to. Both of my kids attended Justin and Josh's classes and it taught them many life lessons beyond the mat." - Todd Bickmore

 ## Social

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - -
