---
source_url: https://www.blackoutmmaandfitness.com/programs
final_url: https://www.blackoutmmaandfitness.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:40.218Z
---

## PROGRAMS
 ###### MMA
 ##### MIXED MARTIAL ARTS Our Mixed Martial Arts class will allow the students to possess a well-rounded skill set for both striking and ground. The sport of MMA has evolved into its own martial art discipline, however attending the Boxing, Muay Thai, BJJ and Grappling classes will no doubt assist in your personal progression of MMA. Students of all skill levels are welcome to participate in this fun, intriguing fighting style. We offer MMA classes at both the amateur and professional levels.

 JUDO

 ##### JUDO Judo (meaning "gentle way") was created as a physical, mental and moral pedagogy in Japan, in 1882, by Jigoro Kano. It is generally categorized as a modern martial art which later evolved into a combat and Olympic sport. Its most prominent feature is its competitive element, where the objective is to either throw or takedown an opponent to the ground, immobilize or otherwise subdue an opponent with a pin , or force an opponent to submit with a joint lock or a choke .

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 ##### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a Martial Art and combat sport that focuses on Grappling. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu promotes the principle that the smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves against a bigger, stronger assailant using leverage and proper technique, applying submissions via joint-locks and chokeholds to defeat them. BJJ can be trained for self-defense, sport grappling tournaments (Gi and no-Gi) and Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) competition, and is becoming a more popular method among students looking to improve physical fitness, core strength, stability and flexibility.
 ​

 WOMENS BOXING

 ##### WOMENS BOXING Women's Boxing and Conditioning teaches basic boxing skills and techniques in a female friendly empowering atmosphere , designed to increase muscular strength and cardio endurance. Women's Boxing and Conditioning will include cardio calisthenics, shadow boxing, bag work and core strengthening exercises.

 BOXING

 ##### BOXING Boxing Conditioning teaches basic boxing skills and techniques, designed to increase muscular strength and cardio endurance—the perfect class to get shredded! Boxing Conditioning will include cardio calisthenics, shadow boxing, bag work (150lb. bag) and core strengthening exercises. You will sweat like crazy, build a rock solid core and burn hundreds of calories.
