---
source_url: http://riliongraciekansascity.com
final_url: https://riliongraciekansascity.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:24.663Z
---

Skip to content # Rilion Gracie Kansas City

 ### LEARN BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 JOIN TODAY »

 FREE SESSION »

 Rilion Gracie Kansas City Jiu Jitsu Academy is a great place to accomplish all of your goals.
 Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that focuses more on technique and physics than size and speed, making it a perfect art for any person, any body shape, and any level of fitness.

 FREE SESSION »

 Your first lesson at Rilion Gracie Kansas City Academy will show you just how you too can learn and use Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and have a lot of fun along the way.

 ### KIDS JIU JITSU

 Would you like to see your children to be confident, healthy, and respectful with a lifelong love of learning?

 LEARN MORE »

 ### ADULT JIU JITSU

 Rilion Gracie Kansas City Academy is the right place for any belt rank to train and learn and better yourself. Competitors, athletes, and hobbyists are right at home.

 LEARN MORE »

 ### PRIVATE LESSONS

 1-on-1 Instruction: All of the attention is focused on you without the distraction of a group class.

 LEARN MORE »

 Master Rilion Gracie

 ### Jiu Jitsu is one of the most complete workouts you can do, it’s an ideal sport for endurance and weight control.

 ## GET Your Gear

 - Adults GIs Rilion Gracie Team Gi White See Details

 - Women's GIS Rilion Gracie Team Womens Gi Black See Details

 - GIS Rilion Gracie Kids Team Gi Blue See Details

 VIEW ALL GEAR »

 ### Leave us a review

 ## Rilion Gracie Kansas City

 ### LEARN BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 ### (816) 916-2680

 ### 5520 NE Antioch Road Kansas City, MO 64119

 Scroll to Top
