---
source_url: http://elevatemma.us/elevatemma.us
final_url: https://elevatemma.us/home
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:14.622Z
---

- About Us - Program - Memberships - Schedule - Contact Us

 - About Us - Programs - Memberships - Schedule - Contact Us

 Jacksonville Beach’s Premier Mixed Martial Arts Gym

 Get to know Elevate MMA

 Jacksonville Beach's Premier Mixed Martial Arts Gym

 Get to know Elevate MMA

 WE'RE HERE TO HELP

 What's holding you back?

 Intimidated

 We have a fun, friendly atmosphere here at Elevate MMA and have new students beginning their MMA journey every week. We enjoy teaching beginners as well as seasoned veterans.

 Scheduling

 We have classes available in the mornings and evenings to fit busy schedules. We’re also open on Saturday for open mat and private training.

 Motivation

 MMA is a great way to get in the shape of your life and can be the new foundation for your fitness goals. Our world class instruction in multiple disciplines will keep you motivated push yourself to new levels.

 WHY ELEVATE MMA?

 Choose Your Class

 ## Mixed Martial Arts

 Combines the best techniques from all martial arts and blends them together.

 ## Muay Thai

 Build speed and agility throwing punches, kicks, and knees.

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Learn defense and attacks using chokes and locks to submit an opponent.

 ## Boxing

 Learn how to strike using punches, footwork and head movement.

 ## Fit-Kick

 Fun, friendly, group-class where you can let your inner warrior run wild!

 ## Wrestling

 Grappling technique using speed and leverage to control an opponent.

 ## 1

 Get Started

 Join a
 Class

 Getting started with Elevate MMA is easy!

 ## 2

 Get to Know

 Elevate
 MMA

 Join us for a class and get to know our coaches, classes, and community. Discover what it means to be a part of the Elevate MMA family.

 ## 3

 Start Your Journey

 Get on
 Board

 You have a plan and now you have a community. It’s time to get on the road to becoming the best version of yourself!

 CLIENT STORIES

 ## Hear what our members have to say

 Top Notch MMA!
 “Preston Parsons is a top notch MMA and fitness coach as well as an incredible kid’s coach. He helped me lose 60 lbs and taught me some incredible Muay Thai, Jiu Jitsu and MMA techniques. Elevate MMA is super nice and clean gym with new equipment. I highly recommend checking this place out for yourself and/or your kids.”

 -Tex

 ### Wonderful Atmosphere! “Elevate MMA is a wonderful atmosphere. This was my first kick boxing class (I did the women’s class which is held M W & F at 9:30 am). It was one heck of a workout! I felt empowered and strong when I left. Not to mention, everyone was very kind. The coaching is professional, focused, and patient. 10/10”

 -Haylee B.

 ### Loved the Good Vibes! “Visiting Jax Beach on vacation and I tried this gym for a kickboxing class. As a woman, I know it can be intimidating going to these classes for the first time but I felt totally welcomed and comfortable as soon as I walked in. Preston, the coach, was so kind, helpful and professional. Loved the experience and the good vibes. Totally recommend this gym and can’t wait to be back!”

 -Catalina C.

 ## Visit Us

 Hours of Operation

 Mon-Fri: 9:30 AM – 8:00 PM
 Sat: 10:00 AM – 11:30 AM
 Sun: Closed

 ## Contact Us

 Elevate MMA

 1250 Shetter Ave., STE 5
 Jacksonville Beach, FL 32250
 904.372.3536
 [email protected]

 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

 © Copyright 2024 | Design By Zenplanner
