---
source_url: http://www.jiujitsumodern.com/programs
final_url: https://www.jiujitsumodern.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.097Z
---

Try a Free Class

 Try a Free Class

 Programs

 # Programs

 #### #1 Jiu Jitsu Academy in North Babylon, NY

 ### Call JJMDRN for More Information (631) 392-0096

 # Programs

 #### #1 Jiu Jitsu Academy in North Babylon, NY

 ### Call JJMDRN for More Information (631) 392-0096

 ### Call JJMDRN for More Information (631) 304-3258

 # Programs

 # Welcome to Adult Jiu Jitsu!

 Training for all skill levels in a supportive, engaging environment. Build your skills, fitness, and confidence with expert instruction.

 ## Course Benefits

 Physical​
 A killer workout that builds muscle, boosts flexibility, and burns calories—without the boredom of cardio machines.

 Self-Defense​
 Gain real confidence with practical skills to protect yourself.

 Mental ​
 Many call Jiu Jitsu their therapy—improving focus, reducing stress, and boosting mental strength.

 - Basics ProgramLearn self-defense and core Jiu Jitsu principles to build confidence and a healthy lifestyle. - Advanced ProgramBuild on your foundation with more advanced Gi and No-Gi techniques to keep your skills growing.

 Try a Free Class

 # Kids Program

 Jiu Jitsu Modern helps children release their energy in a healthy and productive way. Our instructors teach children to focus on one task at a time, honing their abilities while developing critical thinking skills. There is a strong emphasis on working well with your teammates. These skills carry over in other areas in their life in a positive way. Creating hardworking, responsible, trustworthy, and confident children.

 Try a Free Class

 # First Responder

 Jiu Jitsu Modern has active officers trained and tested on how to teach jiu jitsu tactics to de-escalate situations and when necessary subdue civilians in a non-violent way and with control. Helping ensure the safety of officers and civilians.

 Try a Free Class

 # Meet the Instructors

 - Professor Carlos BioProfessor Carlos, a father of 3 and North Babylon native started his Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training at the age of 17 at Gracie Barra in New Hyde Park. In 2014 he received his Black Belt under Professor Joe Scarola (first Black Belt under Professor Scarola). Professor Carlos has been an active competitor since white belt and still trains and tests himself in the competition scene. Prof. Carlos has intensity and depth of knowledge of the art. Nothing makes him happier than sharing his passion for Jiu Jitsu with his students and watching them grow.Accomplishments2024 ADCC Atlantic City Master 1 Black Belt Gold Medalist2023 IBJJF NY Open No-Gi Black Belt Gold Medalist2021 IBJJF Houston Open No-Gi Black Belt Gold Medalist2019 IBJJF New York Open No-Gi Black Belt Gold Medalist2018 IBJJF Pan American No-Gi Pan Black Belt Gold Medalist2019 Kasai Pro 5 Winner No-Gi2018 Kasai Pro 4 Winner No-Gi2018 Kasai Pro 3 Winner Gi2018 2x Rise Invitational WinnerIBJJF 2x Brown Belt Gold MedalistIBJJF 2x Brown Belt Silver Medalist2012 No Gi Pan American Brown Belt Silver MedalistMulti-Time Long Island Pride Gold And Silver Medalist

 - Coach Gregor BioGregor Gillespie is an American professional mixed martial artist and accomplished collegiate wrestler who currently competes in the lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). A professional since 2014, he formerly competed for Ring of Combat where he was the Lightweight Champion.As a folkstyle wrestler, Gillespie was the 2007 NCAA Division I National Champion at 149 pounds, a four–time NCAA Division I All–American and a three–time EWL conference champion for the Edinboro Fighting Scots. He also competed briefly in freestyle wrestling.Gregor has been sharpening his Jiu Jitsu with and under Carlos Rosado since 2012.

 - Professor Tara BioTara became a student of Professor Carlos in 2016 shortly after he opened his first school. Soon after joining she began assisting him in the children programs. She has a passion for coaching children and adults in class and competition and watching them grow in Jiu Jitsu and life. Coach Tara is also the Program Director of the school and assists, Professor Carlos, with the daily business of running the academy and in preparation for competitions.Accomplishments2023 IBJJF Worlds No-Gi Champion Gold Medalist2023 IBJJF Pans Gi Champion Gold Medalist2021 IBJJF Worlds No-Gi Champion Gold Medalist2018 IBJJF Pans No-Gi Gold Medalist2018 Naga No-Gi Gold Medalist

 - Coach Dylan BioDylan Matthew O’Regan native to North Babylon/Deer Park Started training Jiu Jitsu 2017 Under Prof.Alex Aristides & Joe Monahan , Black belts under Matt Serra & Teammates to Prof.Joe Scarola – In 2022 Started training & competing under the guidance of prof. Carlos Rosado / Jiu Jitsu Modern. I believe the results you seek are in the work you put in! I love consistently training , learning , teaching & competing! Pushing myself and my teammates to be the best version of themselves!Accomplishments2024 IBJJF NY OPEN : NO GI -GOLD MEDALIST2024 IBJJF NY OPEN : GI - SILVER MEDALIST2023 IBJJF NO GI WORLDS - BRONZE MEDALIST2023 IBJJF NY OPEN : NO GI - GOLD MEDALIST2023 IBJJF NY OPEN : GI - SILVER MEDALIST2023 PRIDE BJJ - GI - GOLD MEDALIST2023 PRIDE BJJ - NO GI - GOLD MEDALIST2022 IBJJF CT OPEN - NO GI - BRONZE MEDALIST2022 IBJJF CT OPEN - GI - BRONZE MEDALIST3 x SUPERFIGHT WINNER - IRON MAN GRAPPLING CHAMPIONSHIPARENA GRAPPLING CHAMPIONSHIP : SUPER FIGHT WINNER - FASTEST SUB OF THE NIGHT2 X LIJJN SUPER FIGHT WINNER RANKED IBJJF ATHLETETOP RANKED FEATHER WEIGHT IN MULTIPLE SUPER-FIGHT PROMOTIONS.

 - Coach Dom BioNassau Law Enforcement Officer. Certified in Jiu Jitsu Survival Tactics, a specialized defense system for First Responders.

 # Sign-Up & Try a Free Class!

 Try a Free Class

 Try a Free Class
 (631) 392-0096

 Text Us: 1-866-621-6470

 Tara.JiuJitsuModern@gmail.com

 1502c Deer Park Avenue
 North Babylon, NY 11703

 Sunday: 9–11AM
 Monday: 6–9AM, 11AM–1PM, 4–9PM
 Tuesday: 11AM–1PM, 4–9PM
 Wednesday: 6–9AM, 11AM–1PM, 4–9PM
 Thursday: 11AM–1PM, 4–9PM
 Friday: 11AM–1PM, 4–9PM
 Saturday: 7AM–2PM

 © 2026
 Jiu Jitsu Modern | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy & Accessibility | Powered by PS Digital

 Share by:
