---
source_url: http://www.magicbjj.com
final_url: http://magicbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:21.048Z
---

Skip to content # Join Our Community Magic BJJ is Mid Michigan's premiere martial arts center providing a variety of classes and a friendly atmosphere to help you reach your martial arts and personal fitness goals.
 Instructors

 # Youth Classes We offer youth classes for early development in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 View Programs

 # Award Winning Gym Tournament experience is invaluable. We provide preparations for those who are interested in testing themselves from the local to world class level.
 Upcoming Tournaments

 ## Learn the mechanics behind what makes BJJ magic We teach martial arts for beginners and wizards, young and not-so young, and competition or self-preservation.

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a unique martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting. Rather than using punches and kicks from a standing position, BJJ practitioners ...
 Read more »

 ## New Location – Frandor All classes are back to their normal schedule starting tonight, August 8th, and being held at the new academy at 2824 East Grand River Ave, Suite E, Lansing, MI 48912. Additional classes will be added ...
 Read more »

 ## Judo Judo, also known as “The Gentle Way”, is a martial art developed by Jigoro Kano after studying other forms of Jiu Jitsu in Japan. Judo is a grappling sport, the same as BJJ, however it focuses on standing ...
 Read more »
