---
source_url: https://spartanacademymma.com/schedule/
final_url: https://spartanacademymma.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:27.623Z
---

Skip to content # Schedule

 Check Spartan Academy’s Schedule. Here you will find our weekly schedule of classes for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and Strength & Conditioning. We offer a variety of classes throughout the week to accommodate different skill levels, age groups, and training preferences.
 Our schedule is designed to provide flexibility and convenience, ensuring that you can find a class that suits your availability and interests. Whether you are a beginner looking to start your martial arts journey or an experienced practitioner seeking to enhance your skills, we have a class for you.
 We look forward to seeing you on the mats and helping you achieve your martial arts and fitness goals!

 Spartan Academy MMA offers martial arts classes to the following locations: Columbia, Irmo, Chapin, Forest Acres, Lexington, West Columbia, Little Mountain, Prosperity, Blythewood, Red Bank. Join family!
 We provide the following martial arts classes (click to learn more):

 - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for Adults - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for Teens - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for Kids - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Open Mat - Strength & Conditioning - Kickboxing - Kids and Teens MMA - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals

 ## Ours Classes

 Name
 E-mail
 Phone
 Select Class Brazilian Jiu Jitsu MMA Kickboxing Fitness Open Mat

 Message
 Get Information

 ## JOIIN OUR FAMILY

 ## Join us and be transformed!

 Take the first step towards your goals by filling out the form. We will get in touch to understand your needs and book a FREE trial class.

 - Stress Relief - Improved Physical Fitness - Build Resilience - Cultivate Lasting Connections
