---
source_url: http://tidewaterbjj.com
final_url: https://www.tidewaterbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:27.856Z
---

## DISCOVER YOUR TRUE POTENTIAL

 # HOME OF CHAMPIONS ### • SELF DEFENSE • DISCIPLINE • FITNESS • CONFIDENCE

 Tidewater Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy is one of the highest quality Jiu Jitsu Gyms in Hampton Roads.
 With high-level instructors and accommodating facilities in both Virginia Beach and Chesapeake, Tidewater Jiu Jitsu has everything to fit your martial arts and fitness needs. Our mission is to provide the Hampton Roads area with quality BJJ programs for kids, adults, competitors and hobbyists alike. Our family friendly environment utilizes Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, and other martial tactics to help you gain strength, flexibility, increase confidence and improve your overall health.
 Whether your goals are to become the next world champion or you just want to get in the best shape of your life, Tidewater BJJ can help you to achieve it regardless of your age, body type, or fitness level.

 ## OUR MISSION

 ## PROGRAMS
 ### KIDS PROGRAMS
 Designed to help students build a strong foundation and improve their overall understanding of Jiu Jitsu. This program includes both beginner and fundamental techniques, coordination drills, Interactive games, as well as exploring core concepts and ideas.

 READ MORE

 Students will be able to improve their overall Jiu Jitsu knowledge, increase movement and receive information on advanced BJJ techniques. Students are encouraged to ask questions to improve their overall understanding of the techniques and positions.

 READ MORE

 ### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 # TRY A FREE CLASS! ### CONTACT US TO CLAIM YOUR FREE TRIAL

 ## 2 LOCATIONS
 ### CHESAPEAKE
 Tidewater BJJ Chesapeake
 ​ 648 Grassfield Pkwy Suite 19, Chesapeake. VA. 23322

 757.237.1969

 ### VIRGINIA BEACH
 Tidewater BJJ Virginia Beach
 On the corner of Shore Drive and W Grest Neck Road
 2268 W Great Neck Road, Virginia Beach, VA 23451

 757.237.4725

 - -

 -
