---
source_url: https://austinkickboxing.com/class-schedule-new
final_url: https://austinkickboxing.com/class-schedule-new
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:03.416Z
---

* Start with a Free Trial Class

 ##### ______________________

 Impact Martial Arts has everything… except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!
 Check out our specialized classes & training with expert instruction for Kids (ages 4-6, 7-12), Teens, & Adults

 STEP 1 - Pick a Convenient Day & Time:

 (Current 2023 Class Schedule)

 SUCCESS STORIES

 Little Champions (ages 4-6)

 "Impact kids classes are a great outlet for energy while encouraging manners and focus. The instructors are great with the kids, and expect them to be respectful while still having fun - which is #1 in my book!

 Plus our son is well on his way to become the spy ninja he dreams to be."

 The Raitt family

 STEP 1 - Pick a Convenient Day & Time:

 (Current 2023 Class Schedule)

 STEP 2 -
 Enter Your Basic Info.

 Please fill out the following information and an Impact Instructor will contact you with more details!
 First Name*
 Last Name*

 Your Email*
 Phone #*

 Select Your Class: Little Champions (ages 4-6) Beginning Juniors (ages 7-12) Beginning Teens & Adults
 Select Your Day: Tue Wed Thur Fri Sat

 Select your Time: 6:00 - 6:30

 BOOK NOW

 Juniors (ages 7-11)

 Lacey & Chase Matthews

 "Impact Martial Arts has made a positive "Impact" for both our son & daughter. It's a great outlet for their energy while encouraging focus and respect. The instructors are great with the kids and make the classes exciting, structured, and fun! They've both gained a lot of confidence and self-discipline that shows in other areas of their lives!"

 Teen MMA Classes

 Jamie Whited

 "I like the challenge of the MMA classes at Impact. Every workout the instructors get you motivate and I am getting so much better. I am getting stronger and faster and have improved my attitude a lot. There are a lot of teenagers and I want to be an Instructor someday!"

 STEP 2 -
 Enter Your Basic Info.

 Please fill out the following information and an Impact Instructor will contact you with more details!
 First Name*
 Last Name*

 Your Email*
 Phone #*

 Select Your Class: Little Champions (ages 4-6) Beginning Juniors (ages 7-12) Beginning Teens & Adults
 Select Your Day: Tue Wed Thur Fri Sat

 Select your Time: 6:00 - 6:30

 BOOK NOW

 ## Step 3 ## Your place in class is reserved!

 - Wear loose fitting clothing and arrive 10 min. early - We'll introduce you to your Instructor, and get you/your child ready for class - We have comfortable seating for family and friends to watch - We'll answer any questions you have and help you get a great start!

 Adult MMA Classes

 Chase Young

 "I checked out several of the MMA gyms in Austin and chose Impact Martial Arts because I like their MMA and Muay Thai classes and training the most. The Instructors always make it challenging and fun, and I've made a lot of great friends! Thank you Steve And Curtis!"

 ## Step 3 ## Your place in class is reserved!

 - Wear loose fitting clothing and arrive 10 min. early - We'll introduce you to your Instructor, and get you/your child ready for class - We have comfortable seating for family and friends to watch - We'll answer any questions you have and help you get a great start!

 Class Pricing

 Special family pricing:
 - One Member is just $139 per month ($87 Registration - one time only fee per family) - 2nd Family Member is $119 per month - 3 or more Family Members are only $99 each per month (Immediate family members)

 Focus & Confidence Building | Specialized Training |Expert Instruction
 Unlimited Classes

 ## Questions for our Team? Call us today:
 (512) 999-3002

 (From Menchaca Rd . turn onto the street between AutoZone & O'Reilly Auto & then go to the end - we're right inside the BIG Blue building!)

 info@AustinKickboxing.com

 Follow Us

 © Impact Martial Arts Austin, TX, 2023 all rights reserved.

 If you're looking for a great school in Austin, South Austin, Circle C, Manchaca, Shady Hollow, Dripping Springs or Buda – we have students like you who train with us.

 Impact Martial Arts Austin, TX
 9501 Menchaca Rd.
 Austin, TX 78748
 512-999-3002
