---
source_url: http://www.ltjjc.com
final_url: https://www.ltjjc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:37.859Z
---

# LTJJC
 #### WE LOVE THIS SPORT!

 Classes
 ## ClASSES
 #### Monday
 8-9am BJJ
 6-7pm Adult BJJ
 7-7:45pm Adult Judo
 ​

 #### Thursday
 9-10am Homeschool Grapplers
 12-1pm Nogi Adult BJJ
 4:45-5:30pm Pee Wee BJJ
 5:30-6:30pm Kids BJJ
 6:30-7:30pm Adult BJJ
 7:30-8:30pm Muay Thai Kickboxing
 ​
 ​

 #### Tuesday
 9-10am Homeschool Grapplers
 12-1pm Adult BJJ
 4:45-5:30pm Pee Wee BJJ
 5:30-6:30pm Kids BJJ
 6:30-7:30pm Adult BJJ
 7:30-8:30pm Muay Thai Kickboxing

 #### Friday
 8-9am BJJ
 12-1pm Woman's Cardio Kickboxing
 5:30-6:30pm Kids Competitive Class
 6:30-7:30pm Adult Competitive Class

 #### Wednesday
 8-9am BJJ
 12-1pm Woman's Cardio Kickboxing​

 #### Sat/Sun
 Private Lessons

 ​
 ​

 ## Coaches
 Instructors
 Elliott OHara
 Elliott has been training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu since 2008, and teaching since 2012. He makes it a point to relate to his students, and teach BJJ to them in a way that they can understand.

 READ MORE

 Arjun Ghosh
 Arjun is a Nidan in Judo and BJJ black belt with over 20 years experience.

 READ MORE

 Mark Hagblad
 Coach Mark is a purple belt at Lake Travis Jiu-Jitsu Club with over eight years of experience on the mats.

 READ MORE

 Parker OHara
 Parker took his first Jiu Jitsu class at the age of 4. He's been training ever since.

 READ MORE

 Jeff Parra
 Jeff Parra has been training martial arts his whole life and leads LTJJC's striking and Muay Thai Kickboxing program.

 READ MORE

 Eric Guerra
 Coach Eric is a seasoned martial artist and very active in the local competitive martial arts scene.

 READ MORE

 Cassie Blaine
 Cassie is an experienced Martial Artist who believes martial arts is a way for women to step boldly into spaces that once felt intimidating.

 READ MORE

 ## Pricing
 ### Kids
 $125/month

 ### Adult
 $150/month

 ### Registration + Gi
 $100 one time fee

 ## about us
 Lake Travis Jiu-Jitsu club is a martial arts facility that instills the love of fitness and martial arts to people of all ages. Our facility is located at 21300 Hwy 71 West. We have nightly classes in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for children and adults, and Mixed Martial arts. Come check us out!

 Contact Us!
 Lake Travis Jiu-Jitsu Club 21300 Hwy 71 West
Suite 200 Spicewood, TX, 78669

 Tel: (512) 763-0684
 Email: ltjjc@bodylabtx.com

 About
