---
source_url: https://sheepdogtulsa.com
final_url: https://sheepdogtulsa.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:15.315Z
---

# Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu: Martial Arts Classes in Tulsa, Bixby & Jenks

 Join the family at Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu! Simply fill out the form on your screen to learn more.

 Request More Information

 ## Why Choose Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu?

 ## Real-World Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training for Self-Defense, Confidence, and Community Protection

 If you or your child are interested in what makes Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu so great, you have come to the right place! Finding your inner “Sheepdog” can be the most rewarding and liberating experience of your life. At Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu, we want everyday folks and local first responders to have access to the best training in the world. The more Sheepdogs we can train to be prepared to react to violence, the better protected the Flock is and the less likely the wolves will be successful.
 Our instructors have trained in every effective martial art there is, and hold black belts in several of them, but no one style is enough to save you in a real-life situation. We have put them all together to create our unique Jiu-Jitsu, which we define as “anything that works when what you value most depends on it.”

 Request More Information

 ## Real-World Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training for Self-Defense, Confidence, and Community Protection

 If you or your child are interested in what makes Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu so great, you have come to the right place! Finding your inner “Sheepdog” can be the most rewarding and liberating experience of your life. At Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu, we want everyday folks and local first responders to have access to the best training in the world. The more Sheepdogs we can train to be prepared to react to violence, the better protected the Flock is and the less likely the wolves will be successful.
 Our instructors have trained in every effective martial art there is, and hold black belts in several of them, but no one style is enough to save you in a real-life situation. We have put them all together to create our unique Jiu-Jitsu, which we define as “anything that works when what you value most depends on it.”

 Request More Information

 ## Learn About What Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu Values & Strives to Do!

 ### Learn How To Protect Yourself & Others Safety is a constant worry in life, and our school will arm students with a variety of ways to keep themselves and their loved ones out of harm’s way. Learn how to protect yourself and others with Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu!

 ### Build Self-Confidence & Lose Weight When training in our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you will find yourself becoming more confident with every class you take. While you’re learning, you’ll gain strength, lose weight, and more.

 ### We Have World Class Instructors We are proud to have an amazing team of experienced and dedicated instructors. Our team will help you become more confident than ever before while reaching your individual goals.

 ### Our Classes Are Loads Of Fun In our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you’ll get to experience an extremely exciting and fun sport while making new friends. We pride ourselves in having uplifting and energetic classes that you can’t get enough of.

 ## Our Programs

 ### Pups (4-8 years) Our Pups Class teaches specific Jiu-Jitsu movements in a playful atmosphere to use up excess energy in a safe environment while providing the building blocks of physical and mental fitness. Our dedicated instructors emphasize training as a team to better assist children’s physical development and social skills.
 Learn More

 ### Big Dogs (9-14 years) Our team at Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu is proud to bring high-quality Kids Jiu-Jitsu training to Tulsa. Our classes teach the fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu while also instilling strong core values, leadership skills, and giving kids from across our community the chance to connect with new friends and mentors.
 Learn More

 ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu Take on the most effective martial arts training in Tulsa. For real-world self-defense or for a great workout, we’ve got you covered. Our training is great for all experience levels!
 Learn More

 ### Weapons Concepts Our Weapons Concepts Classes offer an expert approach to self-defense, combining firearm proficiency with hand-to-hand combat skills. Join our community here in Tulsa to gain the confidence and competence needed to navigate any scenario with clarity and precision.
 Learn More

 ### Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu Association The Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu Association is a network of academies dedicated to spreading the philosophies and training methods established by our Association instructors. Our association fosters a strong community where students can learn, grow, and support each other on their Jiu-Jitsu journeys.
 Learn More

 ### Students Trained

 ### Training Sessions Delivered

 ### Years of Experience

 ## Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu Testimonials & Reviews

 Sheepdog Jiu-Jitsu is very family oriented and the instruction is incredible. Master Hayes and professor Stockton are great instructors and have a knack for teaching fine details. Would highly recommend!!

 ### J H

 The best place to train a true art form. Blake and his instructors are very knowledgeable and talented individuals. If you want to be the best you have too train with the best and this is the place!

 ### Mike Mcclendon

 You can’t go wrong with Blake or Micah. They both have great concepts that compliment one another. I drive half an hour because I can’t get what they have anywhere else!

 ### Jeff Abbott

 ## Our Special Offers

 ## Book Your Free Trial Class Today
