---
source_url: http://www.submission-concepts.com
final_url: https://submission-concepts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:27.773Z
---

#### San Antonio BJJ – Kids Martial Arts- San Antonio Self Defense – San Antonio Kickboxing – San Antonio MMA-Women’s BJJ # Submission Concepts San Antonio Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA, Self Defense, Kickboxing, Pro & Amateur MMA, and Women’s Only Classes

 San Antonio BJJ , San Antonio MMA, San Antonio Kickboxing, San Antonio Self-Defense
 ### Welcome to Submission Concepts! Founded in 2009 by Dave Siller, Submission Concepts has had a long-standing tenure in the San Antonio jiu jitsu community. Our roots were planted at our 9703 Bandera location in 2014, and since then we have developed into an all-encompassing Martial Arts school.
 We are an open and welcoming school that works with all levels of experience. As a school that is centered around our community, we give back to those that serve and protect our community with special Law Enforcement rates, and discounts for active military, veterans, educators, and first responders. Come join one of the more established San Antonio BJJ and Martial Arts schools.
 Try our 7-day free trial. Free 24 hour gym membership included in Submission Concepts memberships.
 Class Schedule

 San Antonio Martial Arts & More ## Why train here?

 #### Community Our school prides itself on being a welcoming and friendly environment. We continue to create a community of long-lasting friendships. We learn together, we train together, and we grow together. We aim to honor the arts while respecting one another.

 #### Self-Development Martial Arts is a practice that has been used for thousands of years, not only for self-defense training, but also as a means to enhance the abilities of the human mind and body. At Submission Concepts we believe that Martial Arts develop the human as a whole.

 #### All Levels Our instructors and classes are multi-faceted and have the expertise to teach all levels of experience. We offer a wide range of class types including; beginner friendly, intermediate, advanced, competitive, combative, recreational, kids and women’s classes.

 Train with the Best ## Our classes

 ## Brazillian Jiu JItsu in San Antonio San Antonio BJJ

 ## Kids BJJ in San Antonio San Antonio Kids Jiu Jitsu

 ## San Antonio Kickboxing Kickboxing

 ## Women’s Self-Defense Women’s Self-Defense San Antonio

 ## MMA Classes San Antonio MMA Classes

 CONNECT ON SOCIAL - Facebook - Instagram

 7 Day Free Trial ## Get an introductory week for free! Come in for YOUR first class today!

 ## Come visit us! Check the Schedule for Class Times Located on Bandera Rd. in Northwest San Antonio
 Office Hours Vary
 Call (210)236-7219 for information or stop by!
 9703 Bandera Road, San Antonio, TX, 78250

 San Antonio ##### San Antonio Martial Arts Community Posted on December 16, 2025 by Submission Concepts
 Building Strength, Skill, and Community at Submission Concepts At Submission Concepts, we …

 BJJ Competition ##### Training Jiu Jitsu in San Antonio Posted on January 13, 2024 by Submission Concepts
 Training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) can provide numerous benefits for children. Here are some pote…

 San Antonio ##### In-House Jiu Jitsu Tournament Posted on May 12, 2023 by Submission Concepts
 On April 1, 2023, Submission Concepts had their first in-house jiu jitsu tournament for our kids. It…

 San Antonio ##### Martial Arts in San Antonio Posted on May 12, 2023 by Submission Concepts
 What are the benefits of studying martial arts? Studying martial arts offers numerous benefits that …

 San Antonio ##### Women’s Self-Defense Posted on April 10, 2023 by Submission Concepts
 Are you looking for a fun experience that allows you to also learn practical, women’s self-def…
