---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetvannuys.com
final_url: https://10thplanetvannuys.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:13.084Z
---

-
 - - Home - About PROGRAMSPRICING AND MEMBERSHIP - SCHEDULE - INSTRUCTORS - GYM ETIQUETTE - Contact

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## 10TH PLANET VAN NUYS

 ## THE #1 JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN VAN NUYS

 Whether you’re brand new or experienced, our expert-led intro classes at 10th Planet Van Nuys remove the guesswork and help you progress with confidence—right from day one.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## How Does The Free Trial Class Work?

 - STEP 1: Click The "Book Your Free Class" Button And Fill Out The Form on This Page - STEP 2: Choose The Class Calendar & Pick a Date & Time on Our Calendar - STEP 3: You’ll Get an Email and SMS Confirmation With All the Details.

 ## WHAT IS 10TH PLANET JIU JITSU?

 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu is a non-traditional system of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu developed by Eddie Bravo . After earning his black belt under Jean-Jacques Machado , Bravo focused on creating a clinch-based, no-gi system designed for maximum effectiveness in mixed martial arts competition. Since then, no-gi grappling has exploded worldwide, with major organizations such as the Eddie Bravo Invitational (EBI), ADCC (Abu Dhabi Combat Club), Polaris, Who’s Number One (WNO), PGL (Professional Grappling League) , the Craig Jones Invitational, and the UFC Fight Pass Invitational pushing submission grappling to new levels of visibility, professionalism, and entertainment.

 LEARN MORE

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ##### NO-GI ADVANCED JIU JITSU

 The No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Advanced class builds on your foundation with higher-level techniques, strategy, and live training. Learn not just the moves, but the ‘why’ behind them to sharpen your game against resisting opponents.

 LEARN MORE

 ##### NO GI FUNDAMENTAL JIU JITSU

 Fundamentals program teaches essential self-defense, body mechanics, and movement to prepare you for advanced classes. You’ll learn key positions, escapes, takedowns, submissions, and ground movement.

 LEARN MORE

 ##### PERSONAL TRAINING

 Personal Training program offers customized workouts designed to meet your individual goals, whether it’s strength, conditioning, or martial arts. Get one-on-one coaching tailored to your needs for faster progress and lasting results.

 LEARN MORE

 ##### KID JIU JITSU

 Kids Jiu-Jitsu program builds confidence, discipline, and coordination through fun, skill-based training. Along with learning jiu-jitsu techniques, some classes also include kickboxing and Muay Thai to give kids a well-rounded martial arts experience.

 LEARN MORE

 ##### Stand Up Jiu Jitsu

 Our Stand up Jiu Jitsu Program focuses on takedowns, control, and conditioning to build a strong foundation on the mat. Students develop balance, strength, and technique while learning how to dominate positions in both sport and self-defense.

 LEARN MORE

 ##### MMA

 MMA program combines striking, wrestling, and jiu-jitsu to create a complete skill set for mixed martial arts. Students learn how to blend techniques from multiple disciplines and apply them effectively in live training.

 LEARN MORE

 ##### MUAY THAI

 Muay Thai program blends traditional Muay Thai with elements of kickboxing, using punches, kicks, knees, and elbows. You’ll build technique, timing, and conditioning while applying skills in drills and live practice.

 LEARN MORE

 ##### ALL LEVELS

 Our All Levels Jiu-Jitsu classes welcome students of any experience, focusing on technique, strategy, and live training. Early risers can take advantage of some sessions offered at 6 AM.

 LEARN MORE

 “IT’S AS REAL AS IT CAN GET. JIU-JITSU HAS MADE ME A BETTER PERSON. IT’S MADE ME A BETTER MAN. IT’S MADE ME UNDERSTAND MYSELF. MY WEAKNESSES, MY STRENGTH. THE STUFF I NEED TO WORK ON JIU-JITSU HAS BEEN ONE OF THE MOST VALUABLE TOOLS I’VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.”

 JOE ROGAN

 ## OUR GALLERY

 ## OUR LOCATION

 16525 Sherman Way Ste C-9, Van Nuys, 91406, Los Angeles USA

 ## REVIEWS

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 10P Van Nuys is easily one of the best gyms in SoCal. They have a variety of Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai classes that are sure to fit any and every skill level. You immediately feel at home when you arrive, as the environment and space is so friendly and inviting. You truly make good friends here and learn a ton with the high skilled instructors and educated teammates. They are also SUPER CLEAN which is one of the things I prioritize most. Overall I can't recommend this place enough, and I'm so glad I signed up here and not somewhere else.
 Read more
 Zara Bush

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 My son started taking jiu jitzu classes in the summer and has loved it ever since. We tried many other studios that offered free trials and my son had no interest in returning to them. Luckily, I never gave up looking! So many wonderful things to say about 10th planet van nuys! Starting from the cleanliness! Other places smelled of sweat and you could see the filth. Not here, it smells clean! The coaches are fantastic! They teach with an amazing balance of structure and fun. I never have to drag my son to class. He happily goes! I’ve seen an improvement in his confidence and bond with the other kids and coaches. Alder and Jean are great owners! Just truly lovely people! It’s a community of parents and adults that share a common passion. As someone new to jiu jitzu, I’ve come to appreciate this craft. Definitely worth giving a try, plus they offer a free class! roved our customer engagement significantly.
 Read more
 Erika Durazo

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Everything you’re looking for! Great coaches, friendly environment, and a bunch of people dedicated to making your jiu jitsu journey worth while. If you’re trying to get in shape, they got you covered. Want to get into jiu jitsu/Muay Thai/wrestling, they got you covered. Stressed and depressed, they got you covered AND you’ll be walking out feeling brand new after 1 class. Great environment and really awesome people.
 Read more
 Steven Rodriguez

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 This is an absolutely outstanding gym. The training is great, the gear is fantastic, the Wednesday service always delivers, and it has the culture of a family clubhouse. I absolutely love this place and the people that make it so great. 10/10 would recommend.
 Read more
 Noah Ferguson

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Great community, tough training partners, and great coaches. I landed on this gym about a year and a half ago and haven’t regretted it since. If you’re a competitor or a hobbyist you should try the gym out and see if it fits.
 Read more
 Richard Wang

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Great gym- after taking 5 years off from training I am very happy to be a member here. Even though I still deal with injuries and cannot train as consistently as I would like, I am honored to be at a place as supportive as this with excellent coaching and training partners.
 Read more
 Joshua Katell

 ## COMPANY

 ABOUT US
 PROGRAMS
 GYM ETIQUETTE
 PRICING AND MEMBERSHIP

 ## SUPPORT

 CONTACT US
 SUPPORT

 ## LEGAL

 TERMS & CONDITIONS
 PRIVACY POLICY

 ## 📍16525 Sherman Way C9, Van Nuys, CA 91406 ## ☎️+1-818-928-3147

 © Copyright 2026. 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Van Nuys. All Rights Reserved | Powered by MMA Marketing Pro .
