---
source_url: https://altiorabjj.com
final_url: https://altiorabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:26.440Z
---

- - - - - -

 - - - - - -

 # One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever. One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever. One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever. One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever.

 STEP OUT OF YOUR COMFORT ZONE AND INTO YOUR BEST SELF!

 Shop Altiora Gear on Zenko

 # One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever. One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever. One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever. One Week Free Trial! No Contracts, Ever.

 STEP OUT OF YOUR COMFORT ZONE AND INTO YOUR BEST SELF!

 Shop Altiora Gear on Zenko

 ## Upcoming Classes

 ### Classes

 #### Adult BJJ
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a self-defense martial art and combat sport. It is based on grappling, ground fighting, and submission holds. This class is focused on the fundamentals of self- defense and BJJ required to achieve the Blue belt level and beyond.

 #### Kids BJJ Ages 6-7
 In this BJJ program, the students learn the basics of grappling and self-defense. Each class will focus on the basic skills of self- defense, building confidence, balance, coordination, sportsmanship and respect. Our goal is for the students to have fun, and stay engaged while learning important skills.

 #### Kids BJJ Ages 8-10
 This Kids class will still focus on self-defense and BJJ basics, while getting a little more technical. Teamwork and sportsmanship are some of our core lessons.

 #### Teen BJJ Ages 11-14
 This class still utilizes our great kids curriculum while increasing intensity and detail.

 #### Beginner No-Gi BJJ
 This class provides the foundational skills needed to master No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu/submission grappling. Less traditional, more sport Jiu-Jitsu oriented.

 #### Women's Only BJJ
 Train in a supportive, empowering environment designed for women of all experience levels. Led by skilled female instructors, this class focuses on practical BJJ techniques, self‑defense fundamentals, and building confidence through movement, drilling, and controlled sparring. Whether you’re here for fitness, self‑protection, or community, you’ll find a welcoming space to grow, get stronger, and have fun—no experience required.

 #### Wrestling
 This class focuses on Folkstyle wrestling, takedowns, live and technical wrestling drills, and conditioning. Build your mat skills, strength and competitive toughness. Led by former NCAA division 2 Wrestler, this class is geared towards middle school and high school athletes who want off season and extra training. All ages are welcome.

 ## Weekly Schedule #### Monday #### Wednesday #### Tuesday
 Wrestling 4:00 pm - 5:30 pm
 Kids BJJ 8-12 5:45 pm - 6:30 pm
 Kids BJJ 6-7 6:45 pm - 7:15 pm
 Adult/Teen BJJ 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm

 #### Tuesday #### Wednesday #### Tuesday
 Kids BJJ 8-10 5:45 pm - 6:30 pm
 Kids BJJ 11-14 6:30 pm - 7:15 pm
 Adult/Teen No-Gi BJJ 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm

 #### Wednesday #### Wednesday #### Wednesday
 Wrestling 4:00 pm - 5:30 pm
 Kids BJJ 8-10 5:45 pm - 6:30 pm
 Kids BJJ 6-7 6:45 pm - 7:15 pm
 Adult/Teen BJJ 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm

 #### Thursday #### Thursday #### Wednesday
 Kids BJJ 8-12 5:45 pm - 6:30 pm
 Kids BJJ 11-14 6:30 pm - 7:15 pm
 Advanced No-Gi BJJ 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm

 #### Friday #### Thursday #### Saturday
 Adult/Teen BJJ 6:00 am -7:00 am

 #### Saturday #### Thursday #### Saturday
 Kickboxing 9:00 am -10:00 am
 Open mat 10:00 am -11:00 am
 Women's only BJJ 11:00 am - 12:00 pm

 ## Contact Us #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Altiora Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 690 West Eads Parkway, Lawrenceburg, Indiana 47025, United States
 (812) 221-2515 altiorabjj@gmail.com

 ## Social

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
