---
source_url: https://mmamiami.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://mmamiami.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.266Z
---

# Miami Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 ## Master The Art Of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu With Our Gi And No-Gi Training Take on a practical self-defense system today and push your body like never before. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at Evolution MMA Miami include both traditional Gi training and a modern No-Gi self-defense system.
 Whether you've trained for years or you're just getting started, we've got a BJJ Class that's perfect for you!
 ## For Competition Or The Real World, Our BJJ Classes Have Something For Everyone! Did you know that a majority of fights end up on the ground? Whether you're in the ring or caught in a real-world conflict, our BJJ Classes in Miami can equip you with the technical skills you need to overcome opponents of any size.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu focuses on technical aspects of self-defense like positioning and leverage, helping smaller fighters maintain control in a ground grappling scenario and come away unharmed.
 Join us at Evolution MMA Miami and learn:
 - Takedowns and throws - Locks, pins, and holds - Submission strategies - Focus and concentration in high-stress situations
 And if you're looking for a more customized approach, get started today with our private BJJ lessons!
 ## PLUS BJJ Classes Give You Access To An Incredible Workout Your group fitness classes might be great, but are they helping you build a practical strength with uses in the real world?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu combines elements of cardio exercises and total-body strength to help you see sustainable results in no time. When you join our BJJ Classes at Evolution MMA Miami, you'll take on heart-racing workouts, comprehensive skill work, and controlled sparring sessions.
 In no time, you can enjoy:
 - Boosted strength and power - Total-body muscle tone - Improved cardiovascular health - Incredible self-confidence
 ## Get More From Your Training With Our BJJ Classes In Miami! Are you ready to train with a purpose? Then join us today at Evolution MMA Miami and take on the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in town. We're proud to serve the Kendall community with high-quality workouts and supportive coaching each and every day.
 Fill out the short form on your screen today to learn more or get started!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Request information

 I love Evolution MMA because it feels like family. I was at my heaviest a few years ago and I dove right into the cardio kickboxing classes with no experience and everyone was so nice. I was never really an athletic person and I had no real muscle definition, and exercise was always a chore I never really wanted to make time for. I’ve been going for a year and a few months now and I’ve seen major improvements in my strength, stamina, and overall mood, and I’ve made a ton of new friends here! The coaches are understanding and friendly and always try to help you do your best. My weight is finally under control and I feel stronger every day. Going to the gym is no longer a chore, it actually feels like something is off if I happen to miss a day.

 The workouts at Evolution MMA have not only caused me to lose weight, but I am getting in great shape at the same time.

 I keep telling myself that hard work pays off and I feel it does. The workouts at Evolution MMA are helping me get in shape and teaching me self defense at the same time. It's a win win in my book!

 Thanks Evolution MMA

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
