---
source_url: https://mmamiami.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://mmamiami.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.444Z
---

# Miami Kids Martial Arts Classes

 ## Build Confidence In Your Child With Our Age-Specific Kids Martial Arts Classes There's no better way to give your child a boost and help them feel great about themselves than with our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Miami. We work with students of all ages, helping them stay active and learn important skills like teamwork and communication while also preparing them for the many challenges life will throw their way.
 Whether your child suffers from bullying, inactivity, or an inability to focus, we've got the answer at Evolution MMA Miami.
 ## Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Help Students Learn A Wide Range Of Skills And Values When your child joins us at Evolution MMA Miami, they'll enjoy some of the best instruction around and a support system like no other. Our Kids Martial Arts classes are broken into three age groups - ages 3-5, ages 6-12 and ages 13-17 - and we offer students an exciting blend of multiple disciplines and strategies.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes include elements of:
 - Wrestling - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - Kickboxing - and more!
 And in each class, your child can feel comfortable and confident regardless of their experience levels. Our instructors work hard to meet the needs of all skill levels and abilities.
 ## Set Your Child Up For Success In The Long Run! We all know how important it is to keep children physically active - and our Kids Martial Arts classes do just that.
 But we also do SO MUCH MORE!
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Miami set students up for success in all aspects of life. We surround them with positive role models and instill traits like respect, focus, and attention to detail. From the classroom to their social life and into adulthood, your child can rely on the tools and skills they learned at Evolution MMA Miami to serve them for years to come.
 Students quickly gain:
 - Teamwork and communication skills - Determination and perseverance - Unwavering self-confidence
 ## ## Help Your Child Thrive With Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Miami Our team at Evolution MMA Miami is proud to offer students in Kendall and beyond an opportunity to challenge their bodies and their minds with exciting Kids Martial Arts classes every week. Our program keeps everyone motivated from day one with an incredible blend of Mixed Martial Arts disciplines. Join us in Miami and check it out today!
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more. We'll be happy to answer all of your questions right away!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Request information

 I love Evolution MMA because it feels like family. I was at my heaviest a few years ago and I dove right into the cardio kickboxing classes with no experience and everyone was so nice. I was never really an athletic person and I had no real muscle definition, and exercise was always a chore I never really wanted to make time for. I’ve been going for a year and a few months now and I’ve seen major improvements in my strength, stamina, and overall mood, and I’ve made a ton of new friends here! The coaches are understanding and friendly and always try to help you do your best. My weight is finally under control and I feel stronger every day. Going to the gym is no longer a chore, it actually feels like something is off if I happen to miss a day.

 The workouts at Evolution MMA have not only caused me to lose weight, but I am getting in great shape at the same time.

 I keep telling myself that hard work pays off and I feel it does. The workouts at Evolution MMA are helping me get in shape and teaching me self defense at the same time. It's a win win in my book!

 Thanks Evolution MMA

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
