---
source_url: https://mmamiami.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://mmamiami.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.619Z
---

# Miami Mixed Martial Arts Classes

 ## Take On The Best MMA Training In Town Regardless Of Your Experience Level At Evolution MMA Miami, we're making Mixed Martial Arts Training more accessible than ever before. Men and women of all ages and skill levels can join us today and take on a high-energy workout that burns fat and builds muscle while also equipping you with some of the most effective self-defense skills possible.
 We're proud to serve Miami's Kendall community with high-quality classes and constant support. Get started today!
 ## Why Is MMA Right For You? Once thought of as just the violent fighting we saw on TV, MMA training has now been adopted around the world as a great total-body workout for everyday people who are looking to stay in shape.
 Our MMA Classes in Miami teach a blend of Muay Thai Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, wrestling, and traditional Martial Arts techniques. We help you learn each skill one step at a time and keep you motivated week in and week out with classes that are always changing and workouts that are always FUN!
 When you join us at Evolution MMA Miami, you can enjoy:
 - Improved striking and ground grappling skills - Boosted self-confidence - Increased energy levels - Preparation for any real-world threat
 ## PLUS, Our MMA Classes Will Help You See Long-Lasting Results Mixed Martial Arts training offers benefits that other programs can't because it's the perfect blend of strength and cardiovascular exercise. Each of our classes is scalable to a wide range of skill sets and abilities and our coaches are dedicated to helping you feel comfortable and confident from day one.
 Make your fitness goals a reality today at Evolution MMA Miami. We can help you:
 - Burn fat and build lean muscle across your entire body - Enjoy healthy, sustainable weight loss - Boost your mobility and flexibility - Walk away feeling more accomplished than ever before
 ## Don't Miss Out On The Best MMA Classes In Miami. Get Started Today! When you join the team at Evolution MMA Miami, you'll enjoy an ego-free atmosphere where your goals are our priority. With us, there's no intimidation and no expectations. We're here to serve everyone in Kendall and beyond!
 Fill out the short form on your screen now to learn more about our MMA Classes everything else we have to offer!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Request information

 I love Evolution MMA because it feels like family. I was at my heaviest a few years ago and I dove right into the cardio kickboxing classes with no experience and everyone was so nice. I was never really an athletic person and I had no real muscle definition, and exercise was always a chore I never really wanted to make time for. I’ve been going for a year and a few months now and I’ve seen major improvements in my strength, stamina, and overall mood, and I’ve made a ton of new friends here! The coaches are understanding and friendly and always try to help you do your best. My weight is finally under control and I feel stronger every day. Going to the gym is no longer a chore, it actually feels like something is off if I happen to miss a day.

 The workouts at Evolution MMA have not only caused me to lose weight, but I am getting in great shape at the same time.

 I keep telling myself that hard work pays off and I feel it does. The workouts at Evolution MMA are helping me get in shape and teaching me self defense at the same time. It's a win win in my book!

 Thanks Evolution MMA

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
