---
source_url: http://abmarbjjacademy.com
final_url: https://abmarbjjacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:24.598Z
---

# Welcome to

 #### Welcome to Abmar Barbosa JJ Academy, where we empower individuals to reach their full potential through the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our academy is built on a foundation of passion, dedication, and community. #### #### Our story began with Professor Abmar Barbosa, a 4th-degree black belt with a wealth of competition experience and a passion for teaching. With over 20 years of experience in BJJ, Professor Abmar has developed a unique approach that emphasizes technique, physical fitness, and mental toughness. #### #### At Abmar Barbosa JJ Academy, we offer a supportive environment where students of all levels can learn, grow, and thrive. Our expert instructors are dedicated to helping you achieve your goals, whether you're a beginner or an experienced practitioner. #### #### We believe that BJJ is more than just a martial art - it's a lifestyle that promotes discipline, respect, and self-improvement. Our academy is a place where you can challenge yourself, make new friends, and be part of a community that shares your values. #### Join us on this journey and discover the many benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for yourself.

 #### #### With our state-of-the-art facilities, expert instructors, and welcoming community, you'll be well on your way to achieving your goals. #### #### Abmar Barbossa Jiu-Jitsu Academy is located in Northern Virginia outside Washington, DC. It is named after its owner and operator, a well-known athlete with dozens of titles to his name. #### The Academy provides a variety of classes in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for different skill levels—from general fitness and self-defense methods to high-level competition—in a comfortable, professional environment. Our instructors regularly keep up with the newest techniques so as to share them with our students in a detail- and goal-oriented manner. We work closely with each individual participant and seek to improve their performance in this martial art. We look forward to seeing you soon!

 - Phone (703) 869-8001 - Address 8460 Tyco Rd, Ste D Vienna, VA 22182 - Email info@abmarbjjacademy.com Contact Us
 - © Abmar Barbosa JJ Academy - - Powered by Gymdesk
