---
source_url: http://www.strivebjj.com/classes/adult-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://strivebjj.com/classes/adult-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:33.652Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 ## Hit Your Fitness and Life Goals like a Warrior! Jiu Jitsu is not only an intense, challenging, and fulfilling workout but offers long-term benefits to your life. Through our training, we will help you apply what you have learned and use these life skills to thrive in life outside the training grounds! Get immersed in this martial arts combat sport and:
 - Get stronger, build lean muscle, and lose/maintain weight - Discover how to use Jiu Jitsu techniques to your advantage - Take control of every situation, physically and mentally - Train individually and together as a team - Enhance your determination to win and reach your dreams
 Get Started Now
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## STRONGER. LEANER. BRAVER. ####

 ## Be the Master of Your Body and Mind The great thing about Jiu Jitsu is that it doesn't require you to be physically taller or larger; it was created for the smaller person to win against their opponents through proper strategies and moves. Here, you will trust in the power of your strength and discover that you can:
 - Be in your best shape and improve your overall disposition - Strengthen your core, improve stamina, and endurance - Sharpen your focus and think quick on your feet - Develop a mindful state and be ready for unexpected situations
 So join us today and be your own champion and win in life!
 Get Started NowBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## Class Tuition for Adults: $198 | Call (856)-429-3800 to know more ####
