---
source_url: http://www.strivebjj.com/classes/little-gators-3-6
final_url: https://strivebjj.com/classes/little-gators-3-6/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:34.178Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 ## Build a Foundation For Your Child to Grow and Succeed! Our kids program is an excellent stepping stone to your child's lifelong development. Every session is exciting, fun, and educational, filled with endless learnings and lessons!
 Our LITTLE GATORS program is for 3-6-year-olds. Join us and watch your little ones:
 - Discover Jiu Jitsu through thrilling and entertaining exercises - Develop physically, mentally, and emotionally - Practice coordination, balance, and body control - Enhance focus, concentration, and self-discipline
 Get Started Now
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## PREPARE YOUR CHILD FOR THE REAL WORLD. ####

 ## Get Them One Step Ahead in School and Life Outside Class! Our Little Gators program guides children to building a concrete and long-term path for them to bloom in body, mind, and soul. While they are learning the basics of Jiu Jitsu and other martial arts, they grow as a person. Sign up your little gators today and witness as they:
 - Learn to finish tasks, one at a time, with patience and focus - Become creative, curious, and self-sufficient - Explore the exciting world of Jiu Jitsu through fun exercises - Get exposed to social communication for the first time
 Get Started NowBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## Class Tuition for Little Gators: $189 | Call (856)-429-3800 to know more ####
