---
source_url: http://www.strivebjj.com/classes/junior-gators-7-13
final_url: https://strivebjj.com/classes/junior-gators-7-13/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:34.761Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 ## Bullyproof Your Kids Early as They Become Confident and Resilient! Jiu Jitsu is a life-changing program that will turn your kids into brave warriors. Every session is aimed towards your ultimate growth in body and mind. We make sure that our exercises are manageable, realistic, and solutions-focused so that your Junior Gators can:
 - Get equipped with the skills they need should unwanted threat or bullying situations arrive - Practice respect towards themselves, their peers, and elders - Communicate and socialize with empathy and compassion - Develop an acute sense of self-awareness in all they do
 This program is suited for kids 7-13 years old. Sign them up today!
 Get Started Now
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## A SAFE SPACE WHERE KIDS CAN TRULY BE THEMSELVES. ####

 ## Our Classes Help Kids in Their Character Development Our Junior Gators program goes beyond just physical fitness. Our classes are aimed towards a holistic transformation for your child as they prepare themselves for the teenage years. Every session is unique and memorable and brings them closer to their growth. Watch as they:
 - Differentiate between good and bad behavior - Learn to be patient, wait their turn, follow the rules, and be flexible - Know the value of honesty and integrity through their actions - Develop healthy self-esteem and build self-confidence
 Get Started NowBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## Class Tuition for Junior Gators: $198 | Call (856)-429-3800 to know more ####
