---
source_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com/blog/chroma-jiu-jitsu-and-the-ibjjf/
final_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com/blog/chroma-jiu-jitsu-and-the-ibjjf/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:23.484Z
---

- Facebook - Instagram - Youtube

 # Chroma Jiu-Jitsu and the IBJJF Apr 7, 2025 General News

 Chroma Jiu-Jitsu is now fully registered on IBJJF!
 We’re excited to announce that Chroma has completed the process to become a fully registered academy with the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation ! Damien Cordova remains head instructor, with Professor Yoshihiro Fujita of Hiroshima, Japan as affiliate instructor.
 Chroma is very grateful for Professor Fujita’s ongoing support, and proud to be a part of a direct lineage including some of the greatest practitioners of this martial art:
 Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie Sr. > Carlos Gracie Jr. > Yuki Nakai > Yoshihiro Fujita > Damien Cordova
 Why does this matter?
 The IBJJF is the most prestigious and well-established entity overseeing the world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. They have strict guidelines and requirements for registration, including (background checks, Safesport training, etc.). [As an aside, I highly recommend Safesport training for anyone interested in instructing, coaching, and interacting with students at your local academy.]
 Now that we’ve established this lineage, Chroma’s eligible brown belts can be promoted to black belt by Professor Damien with the support and endorsement of 4th degree black belt Yoshihiro Fujita. These promotions will be registered and validated by IBJJF, as a launchpad and foundation for ongoing membership and recognition as part of the well established and regulated registry of black belts worldwide.
 IBJJF also hosts some of the most competitive and prestigious tournaments available to BJJ athletes, and registration is only possible under a registered black belt and vetted lineage.
 Upcoming IBJJF tournaments this year:
 May 10th-11th, 2025 – Denver Open
 https://ibjjf.com/events/denver-international-open-ibjjf-jiu-jitsu-championship-2025
 August 28th-30th, 2025 – Vegas (Chroma field trip, come meet Fujita-sensei!)
 https://ibjjf.com/events/world-master-ibjjf-jiu-jitsu-championship-2025
 Reach out if you have questions about registering yourself with IBJJF, and see you on the mats!

 #### Search for a topic Search for:

 #### Recent Posts - Chroma Jiu-Jitsu and the IBJJF - Shoutout Colorado interview - New Adult Instructor - Chroma Voted Best Martial Arts of East Boulder - Chroma’s Cultural Commitment

 #### Categories - Benefits (2) - General News (11)

 #### Archives - April 2025 - February 2025 - December 2024 - November 2024 - January 2024 - December 2023 - May 2023 - March 2023
