---
source_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com/adult-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com/adult-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:25.827Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Jiu Jitsu is for everyone. Anyone can learn.
 Helio Gracie
 Cofounder/developer of Gracie Jiu Jitsu aka Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## A means to improve your entire life Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (sometimes called bjj, Gracie Jiu Jitsu, or jiu jitsu) program for adults is designed for all skill and fitness levels and ages 13-99.
 Because of proven results, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is considered the most complete ground fighting system on the planet. BJJ uses leverage and technique rather than strength and athleticism. Therefore, it proves the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger assailant.
 As a result, you learn how to get an opponent to the ground, control them, and finish them with a submission. Master the most popular martial art in the world. In addition, you will get in the best shape of your life.
 - Dramatically improve fitness - Learn to defend yourself - Enhance mental health & overall happiness - Build confidence for every aspect of life - Unleash your potential

 Get Started For Free

 ## Adult BJJ Classes You can practice in the gi (with a uniform) and without it (called “nogi” or “submission grappling”) in our bjj curriculum.

 #### Gi Classes These classes cover all aspects of jiu jitsu. Students are grouped into levels so beginners cover our fundamentals curriculum and advanced students learn more complex positions. It’s organized to accommodate all experience needs and flexes to individual interests and development.

 #### No-Gi/Submission Grapplng Because they are conducted without the gi, these classes will help students apply the principles of jiu jitsu in a no-gi, or submission grappling, setting. Therefore, they are especially great for expanding knowledge of leg locks and improving as a mixed martial artist.

 

 ## FREE TRIAL! If you live in the Lafayette area, come try us out --- on us. No cost nor obligation. We'll provide everything you need.

 Get My Free Trial!

 ## Starting something new should be easy. Unlike so many typical academies, we are a community of supporters and friends who help each other through this journey. Because we understand how difficult it is to start something new, we guide you through the process. Moreover, you will feel like part of the family on your very first visit.
 Whether you are looking for a great way to get fit or want to test your skills in competition, we have the knowledge and resources to help you reach your goals. Come experience it for yourself!
