---
source_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com/blog/welcome-to-chroma-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com/blog/welcome-to-chroma-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:26.812Z
---

- Facebook - Instagram - Youtube

 # Welcome to Chroma Jiu Jitsu Mar 16, 2023 General News

 Welcome to Chroma Jiu Jitsu! We are really glad you found our home on the web! We are a new Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) academy in Lafayette, Colorado*. Damien Cordova opened Chroma Jiu Jitsu with the mission of using the incredible benefits of jiu jitsu to help people develop their whole person so they can show their true colors. This means living the full experience of human nature.
 Chroma Jiu Jitsu is a place to safely explore and fail, without the repercussions that occur in the outside world. We encourage growth not only in physical abilities but in mental and social skills, as well. We will help you show your true colors by dramatically improving your overall health and fitness, confidence, ability to defend yourself (and your family), and connecting you to a community of other positive, motivated people. Our academy is inclusive, gender-affirming, anti-racist, safe, and welcoming to all!
 For those just now learning about Damien or Chroma Jiu Jitsu, you can learn more About Us, our Adults or Kids BJJ Programs, and our Schedule . If you are new to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , we have some cool videos and FAQs to help you learn more. If you live in the Lafayette or Boulder area, get your free trial ! Come see how Chroma Jiu Jitsu can help improve almost every aspect of your life and help you show your true colors .

 #### Search for a topic Search for:

 #### Recent Posts - Chroma Jiu-Jitsu and the IBJJF - Shoutout Colorado interview - New Adult Instructor - Chroma Voted Best Martial Arts of East Boulder - Chroma’s Cultural Commitment

 #### Categories - Benefits (2) - General News (11)

 #### Archives - April 2025 - February 2025 - December 2024 - November 2024 - January 2024 - December 2023 - May 2023 - March 2023
