---
source_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://chromajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:26.878Z
---

# Welcome to Chroma Jiu Jitsu! *Chroma (n): the purity of a color, or its freedom from white.

 ## Show Your True Colors We use Jiu Jitsu to help the whole person come into light by improving fitness, confidence, and the ability to defend yourself while being surrounded by a community of positive, motivated people.

 New To Jiu Jitsu?

 Get My Free Trial

 ## Welcome

 We are a new Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) academy in Lafayette, Colorado*. Damien Cordova opened Chroma Jiu Jitsu with the mission of using the incredible benefits of jiu jitsu to help people develop their whole person so they can show their true colors. This means living the full experience of human nature.
 Chroma Jiu Jitsu is a place to safely explore and fail, without the repercussions that occur in the outside world. We encourage growth not only in physical abilities but in mental and social skills, as well. We will help you show your true colors by dramatically improving your overall health and fitness, confidence, ability to defend yourself (and your family), and connecting you to a community of other positive, motivated people. Our academy is inclusive, gender-affirming, anti-racist, safe, and welcoming to all!
 Come see how Chroma Jiu Jitsu can help improve almost every aspect of your life and help you show your true colors .
 *We serve Lafayette, Boulder, Erie, Superior, Broomfield, Louisville, Valmont, Gunbarrel, & Leyner.

 #### FITNESS Jiu Jitsu will help you get in the best shape of your life. You’ll torch fat and calories while building aerobic and anaerobic conditioning. Not only does it push your body, but it will challenge and free your mind. You’ll never be bored and always looking forward to the next workout.

 #### Confidence You’ll have a new belief in yourself that comes from the confidence you’ll gain through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. This confidence transcends sport and impacts every area of your life because it helps you believe in your ability to succeed in anything you try.

 #### Self Defense Jiu Jitsu is a core skill of professional Mixed Martial Arts because it’s the single most effective art for personal defense. You’ll gain the physical skills and mental ability to remain calm in the most stressful of situations.

 #### Community Chroma Jiu Jitsu is a welcoming environment with a driven, positive, and supportive family of practitioners. You’ll never go it alone, and you have a strong community to help you reach your goals.

 Getting Started is as Easy as 1-2-3

 
 #### 1. Get My Free Trial Give us a try for FREE with no obligation. We'll provide everything you need.

 
 #### 2. Join the family After completing your trial, select a membership option to become part of the Chroma family.

 
 #### 3. Show Your True Colors Show your true colors through all the incredible benefits of jiu jitsu at Chroma Jiu Jitsu.

 ## OUR FOUNDER

 Damien Cordova began his martial arts journey in 2010 at Dark Horse Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Longmont, Colorado. In 2015, he moved to Hiroshima Japan to study under the legendary Yoshihiro Fujita who awarded Damien his black belt in 2022.
 Damien recently moved back to Colorado to open Chroma Jiu Jitsu. The physical aspects of Jiu Jitsu are what captured Damien’s interest in the beginning, but it’s the connection to and impact on every day life that made him want to continue this journey and share with others.
 Jiu Jitsu aligns with many tenets that Damien already integrates into his life such as mindfulness, respect, and control. He notes that Jiu-Jitsu “puts you in uncomfortable situations and teaches you how to deal with things rationally, not emotionally. It’s about changing the way you react to a situation in the moment — not as an animal, not instinctually, but logically.”
 Damien has been teaching and coaching all ages and levels for many years, and he’s seen the impact that BJJ has on lives. Above all, he is excited about sharing the incredible life benefits of jiu jitsu in Lafayette CO, Boulder CO, and the surrounding communities.

 Learn More

 ## PROGRAMS

 ##### Adult Jiu Jitsu Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is for everyone. We have classes for all experience and fitness levels from fundamentals to advanced competition training. If you are looking for a fun, dynamic way to improve health and fitness, learn self defense, and build confidence, then we are here for you. Come join our supportive community and show your true colors!
 LEARN MORE

 ##### Kids Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is considered the most practical and effective martial art in the world for kids. It’s one of the best gifts you can provide a child because it builds character and provides personal growth that will impact every area of their life. It is a fun way for kids to get into shape, gain confidence, learn respect, improve discipline, and prevent bullying. Our kids program is based on age with our Hatchlings for kids 4-6 years old and Kaiju for kids 7-14.
 LEARN MORE

 

 ## FREE TRIAL! If you live in the Lafayette area, come try us out --- on us. No cost nor obligation. We'll provide everything you need.

 Get My Free Trial!

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 I love going to classes with Damien! He takes the time to thoroughly plan out the class along with going through the fine points so that you can really understand why the move of the day is used and improve your overall game. I learn something new every time!
 ##### -Adam Martin

 I met Professor Cordova back in 2010 when I started on my Jiu Jitsu Journey. We’ve known each other since we were white belts and I have spent countless hours on the mats with him. I am so excited for the Chroma Academy to open and to see him as the owner/head instructor. He’s super technical, safe to train with, and has a ridiculously tight Jiu Jitsu game. Professor Cordova has been instrumental to my growth, and I know his leadership and guidance will help countless others. I’m proud to see Professor Cordova put himself in the position to positively impact others, in all areas of their lives, through the gift of teaching Jiu Jitsu.
 ##### -Professor Chris Mayer

 I have had the pleasure of taking classes from Professor Damien, his knowledge of Jiu-jitsu and his attention to detail is amazing! He provides a chill humble rolling experience so that all participants can learn and grow! He is also willing to turn up the dial for a competitive style roll as well! I would absolutely recommend and will personally take classes and continue to train at Chroma Jiu-jitsu!
 ##### -Phil Sailas (Brown belt)

 Damien is a skilled, thoughtful, and caring teacher who is able to adjust to the needs of each individual student, wether teaching adults or children. Anyone training here is in for a life changing adventure with this passionate and tender teacher who’s sole purpose is to help you achieve your full potential.
 ##### -Lindsey Newman

 I had the great fortune of starting my Jiu Jitsu career at a gym where
 Damian was training at in 2014. Already a blue belt and miles ahead of me as a day one while belt, he was always very welcoming and a very positive role model. I wanted to be able to roll as he did and learn more advanced Jiu Jitsu. Overtime Damien was indeed an important mentor and training partner for me and help me grasp a deeper understanding of Jiu Jitsu. Whether it is coaching kids or adults, Damien’s unique style and ability to transfer knowledge is second to none. I can’t wait to stop in and catch some rolls with Damien when he opens his new academy!!!
 ##### -Todd Powers

 More Reviews:

 ## BLOG/NEWS

 ## Chroma Jiu-Jitsu and the IBJJF Apr 7, 2025 | General News
 Chroma Jiu-Jitsu is now fully registered on IBJJF! We're excited to announce that Chroma has completed the process to become a fully registered academy with the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation! Damien Cordova remains head instructor, with Professor...

 read more
 ## Shoutout Colorado interview Feb 5, 2025 | General News
 Professor Damien recently had a chance to sit down with Shoutout Colorado to discuss running a small business and what he thinks makes Chroma Jiu-Jitsu a great place to train. Read all about it here. If you or your child is interested in jiu jitsu training and live in...

 read more
 ## New Adult Instructor Dec 11, 2024 | General News
 We are super proud to welcome Wendy Kinal (she/her) to our coaching staff at Chroma. Wendy has a wealth of knowledge plus a knack for communicating and connecting with students. Originally beginning her training in Boston, Massachusetts Wendy was able to acquire both...

 read more
 ## Chroma Voted Best Martial Arts of East Boulder Nov 18, 2024 | General News
 CHROMA JIU-JITSU VOTED BEST MARTIAL ARTS OF EAST BOULDER A huge thank you to everyone who voted us Best of East Boulder county 2024 for martial arts. We are honored that so many have deemed us worthy of their appreciation and recognition, and written us into their...

 read more
 ## Chroma’s Cultural Commitment Nov 11, 2024 | Benefits , General News
 The commitment Chroma has made to our community, individual students, and ourselves is to offer: Anti-Macho, Gender-Affirming, Anti-Racist, Inclusive martial arts training. Everyone deserves to train Jiu-Jitsu in a place where they feel not only safe, but honored. We...

 read more
 ## Five Tips for Students New to Jiu Jitsu Nov 4, 2024 | General News
 Starting anything new can be an intense and daunting process, and learning to grapple is no different. Below I have listed some tips for beginners in our martial art, however these are also my recommendations for anyone looking to maximize their growth in the world of...

 read more
 ## What to expect in your first class Jan 11, 2024 | General News
 Starting your martial arts journey can be intimidating, intense, and cause (understandable) anxiety. We hope to put some of your fears to rest, so below we’ve outlined what to expect in your first Jiu-Jitsu class at Chroma. We recommend showing up 10-15 mins early if...

 read more
 ## Why the name Chroma? Dec 4, 2023 | General News
 In November of 2022, I had just finished working for a local haunted house as the front door man which means I found myself very quickly unemployed and very bored at home. Several potential paths came to mind as far as future employment but one thought kept...

 read more
 ## Why we bow May 16, 2023 | Benefits , General News
 Why We Bow in Jiu-Jitsu “A master who cannot bow to a disciple cannot bow to buddha.” - Shunryu Suzuki When I took my first jiu-jitsu class many years ago, the instructor told me I would have to bow at the waist before stepping on the mats, every time. He did it with...

 read more
 ## Recommended Reading May 10, 2023 | General News
 Chroma Jiu-Jitsu Recommended Reading The following is a list of recommended reading for Chroma Jiu-Jitsu students. It covers everything from strategy in Jiu-Jitsu to Diet to lifestyle.The rabbit hole goes far deeper than just the time spent on the mats. I truly...

 read more

 « Older Entries
