---
source_url: http://www.kmadojo.org
final_url: https://kmadojo.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:18.849Z
---

Home WordPressAdmin 2025-08-15T18:16:59+00:00 ## It’s not the size of the dog in the fight; #### It’s size of the fight in the dog!!
 Mission Statement
 We glorify God by building champions of character—strong in fitness, united in purpose, and rooted in family and faith.

 Learn More

 ## Karate for Kids
 The class is appropriate for ages 4 to 11 .

 ## Karate for Teens/Adults
 The class is appropriate for ages 12 & up and is based on the same curriculum as the Youth Karate.

 ## Kickboxing
 Our kickboxing classes are designed to introduce members to fundamentals while providing a high-energy workout.

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Both a sport and martial art, BJJ is a method for promoting physical fitness while ultimately creating a way of life.

 ## Tai Chi
 An art embracing the mind, body and spirit – Originating in ancient China, tai chi is one of the most effective exercises for health of mind and body.

 ## FREE TRIAL
 There is always work to be done, and progress to be made.

 GET STARTED

 “Our daughter started with Mr. Ron when she was in 3rd grade. We had recently transitioned to a new school when a flyer came home. We gave it a try, and we have since followed him to 2 different locations over the past 5 1/2 years. She started as a white belt and is now working on her blue belt. Ranks are not given…they are earned, and for that we are forever grateful! She has learned discipline, self confidence, motivation, and healthy fear. She has gained trust, friends, and pride in what she has accomplished. As a family, we are very committed to our two days a week and after hours work to ensure our daughter’s goals in becoming a black belt under Mr. Ron’s leadership are met! Best investment we have ever made, the Dojo speaks for itself..give it a try!” Dana Gregory

 ## RECENT POSTS

 ## Study Shows BJJ’s Effectiveness Against Stress Originally posted on www.bjjheroes.com/editorial/bjj-study-proves-effectiveness-against-stress For years jiu jitsu enthusiasts believed that practising this martial art/sport benefited not only the body, but also the mind and [...]

 ## As an adult is it too late to start martial arts?!? Article from Karate by Jessie: “…is it just too late?” Please!! You already know what I’m going to answer, dontcha? You’re always too old; [...]

 ## White Belts Personal Review of a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Uniform By Jacob Owens As a student returning to jiu jitsu from a long hiatus, I was eager to find a gi that more fit my style, [...]

 READ ALL POSTS

 ## Join Kobukan Martial Arts Veteran-owned and family-oriented. Inspiring and educating students through martial arts.

 FREE TRIAL

 ##

 ## EMAIL
 [email protected]

 ## CALL OR TEXT
 757-748-7847

 ## FIND US
 4552 E Princess Anne Rd, Norfolk, VA 23502
