---
source_url: http://10thplanetgoodyear.com
final_url: https://www.10thplanetgoodyear.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:39.459Z
---

## About 10th Planet Goodyear
 10th Planet Goodyear is the 5th installment of the 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu system in the state of Arizona. The system originates out of Los Angeles, CA from founder and creator Eddie Bravo. Our system focuses on a practical, NoGi approach to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with modern techniques and a constantly evolving approach with a focus on application in mixed martial arts.
 ​
 Our aim is to create a family friendly environment that focuses on camaraderie and trust in our training partners so we can learn the art in a fun yet safe space. Here at 10th planet you leave your ego at the door and come in with an open mind ready for knowledge. Reach out to get more information on our system, style, or classes and memberships we have available. We welcome all from beginners to advanced. The first class is free, so come by and give us a try!

 ## About Owner Juan Gonzales
 Juan started his journey in jiu jitsu when he first tried training at a local MMA gym in Yuma, AZ back in 2009. After his first class he knew he was hooked and got the jiu-jitsu bug. Soon after, he moved back home to Mesa, AZ where he continued his journey training under John Botello in January of 2012. Throughout his journey training, Juan has tested his skills and limits through various competitions from NAGA, Fight To Win, West Valley Rumble, and more as well as took on the role as morning class instructor at 10th Planet Phoenix. Almost a decade from his first introduction after countless hours of training, competing, and teaching, Juan received his Black Belt in 2021. Juan wanted to continue his journey and passion for Jiu Jitsu by choosing to carry on the art and open his own studio in January of 2023.

 ### FOLLOW US
 ### @10thplanetgoodyear
