---
source_url: http://www.cobrinhabjjsanbernardino.com
final_url: https://www.cobrinhabjjsanbernardino.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:45.968Z
---

### Cobrinha
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 # San Bernardino, California

 Call to train today : 909-990-6546

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Boxing

 ### Wrestling

 ### Defensive Strategies

 ### Academic Tutoring

 #### About Us
 Are you looking for a fun way to exercise and improve your health? Do you want your child to develop confidence? Have you always wanted to learn the martial arts? If any of these questions resonate with you, then we have something to offer at Cobrinha Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu San Bernardino. We teach the martial art known as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. This focuses on ground fighting and grappling, and can improve your flexibility, balance, and coordination. We teach this to a range of ages and skill levels, so give us a call to find out more about our programs. Our studio is conveniently located in San Bernardino, CA, and we have students from throughout the region, such as Redlands and Riverside.
 ​
 At Cobrinha Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu San Bernardino, we want to assist you to reach each of your personal fitness goals. We have a state-of-the-art facility that is equipped with everything you need to succeed in this art. As instructors, we personalize each class to meet the requirements of individual students. We teach children as young as 5, and our classes will instill confidence and an optimistic attitude that will help them in every area of their life. We guarantee that you will have fun while improving your health at Cobrinha Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu San Bernardino.
 ​
 To learn more about how Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a great fitness option for all ages, give us a call at Cobrinha Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu San Bernardino. Our instructors teach classes every weekday evening and Saturday mornings. Contact us at Cobrinha Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu San Bernardino today to learn more about our programs

 Contact
 #### CONTACT
 ##### Getting Here: We are Just off the 210/ 215 freeway. San Bernardino, CA, not far from Rancho Cucamonga, Ontario and the greater area.

 ##### Email: sapaobjj15@icloud.com

 ##### Member Services: ##### (909)990-6546 ##### Managment: (909) 800-4061

 ##### Our Address: 2700 North Little Mountian Drive
 Bldg D-102
 San Bernardino, CA 92405

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 Join our mailing list

 Subscribe Now
 Thanks for submitting!
