---
source_url: http://finneyskickboxing.com
final_url: https://finneyskickboxing.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:06.213Z
---

- - - - - - -
 TRY US NOW: Call 314-821-1144
 # FINNEY'S AMENITIES
 ### Class and great customer service are priorities at Finneys MMA. Free WiFi Available. Free child care
 # COED KICKBOXING AND BOXING CLASSES
 ### Burn 1000 calories in 1 hour and learn self-defense at the same time.
 # AMATEUR AND PRO TRAINING
 ### Train with coaches and fighters from the UFC, Bellator and more!
 # OVER 30 HOURS OF GROUP FITNESS CLASSES
 ### Included with your membership.
 # OVER 3,000 SQUARE FEET OF MATTED SPACE
 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and wrestling room for specialized ground training.
 # CLASSES FOR ALL-AGES
 ### Kid's Classes teaches kids life skills, not just punching and kicking.
 # TOP OF THE LINE
 ### Full health club available.

 - Contact Us More info here - Everyone Welcome! Fun, family-oriented fitness! With over 65 hours of fitness kickboxing, jiu-jitsu, boxing, and MMA classes, we can accomodate anyone's schedule! More - Try Us Now What Finney's Offers - Family Friendly - 20,000 Sq. Ft - Mens & Kids classes- Beginner and Advanced - Free Day Care - Fitness & Cardio Center
 ## Sign Up For Your FREE Trial

 ## Classes Available ### Kid’s Classes ### Mixed Martial Arts Classes ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes ### Kickboxing Classes ### Boxing Classes ### Wrestling Classes ### Judo Classes

 ## Learn More About Finney’s Kickboxing and MMA We have you covered!
 -Youth Sports Training
 -Youth Athletic Training
 -Youth Martial Arts
 -Kids MMA
 -Youth Performance Training
 -Youth Athlete Development
 -Sports for kids

 ## Latest News

 - 16NOV 0 Comments Class update Nov 16 – All Classes still on! Starting on Nov 17th the gym restrictions have been modified by St. Louis County. – We are adhering to CDC and St. Louis County guidelines. – Masked must be worn when in the building and working out – 25% capacity for the building There will be no kids club/day care for the next 4 weeks. Posted by Finney's MMA Finney's MMA General News Uncategorized More - 1 - 2 - 3 - › - »
