---
source_url: https://www.cka.life
final_url: https://thetrainingground.life/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:14.798Z
---

# Kids & Family Martial Arts in Tulsa & Broken Arrow

 ### Karate & Jiu-Jitsu – where discipline meets resilience and every class makes you BETTER!

 ### Welcome to our world of martial arts, where passion meets precision and every technique tells a story. We're here to guide you through the exciting journey of martial arts, ensuring you have all the support and resources to reach your potential.

 # Explore what we offer

 ## Karate

 Karate is more than just a martial art—it’s a transformative discipline that shapes the mind, body, and spirit, helping you unlock the best version of yourself. By embracing its principles, you develop strength, wisdom, and an unshakable spirit, allowing the best version of yourself to emerge— one punch, one kick, one lesson at a time.

 ## Jiu-Jitsu

 Jiu-Jitsu is more than a martial art—it’s a philosophy of life , a mental chess match , and a test of resilience that shapes you into a stronger, wiser, and more adaptable version of yourself. By embracing its lessons, you develop resilience, adaptability, and quiet confidence , ensuring that the best version of yourself emerges— one roll at a time.

 ## Camp

 A martial arts camp isn’t just training—it’s an immersive experience that supercharges your skills, forges lifelong friendships, and transforms you into a stronger, more disciplined version of yourself. It’s a rite of passage . You’ll leave stronger, sharper, and more confident , with memories and skills that last forever.

 # Meet the Instructors

 Master Mathew Reyna
 4th Degree Black Belt in Karate
 Black Belt Professor Jiu-Jitsu

 Christa Hoch
 3rd Degree BlackBelt in Karate
 Purple Belt in Jiu-Jitsu

 Noah Hoch
 3rd Degree BlackBelt in Karate
 Purple Belt in Jiu-Jitsu

 Luke Hoch
 2nd Degree BlackBelt in Karate
 Green Belt in Jiu-Jitsu

 Sarah Hoch
 2nd Degree BlackBelt in Karate
 Yerllow Belt in Jiu-Jitsu

 Chaya Hand
 2nd Degree BlackBelt in Karate

 Kelly Hunt
 2nd Degree BlackBelt in Karate
 Blue Belt in Jiu-Jitsu

 Professor Brian Hill
 Black Belt Jiu-Jitsu
 Wrestling Coach

 Chris Hyde
 Purple Belt Jiu-Jitsu

 Jackson Porter
 Blue Belt Jiu-Jitsu

 # Contact Us Interested in working together? Fill out some info and we will be in touch shortly. We can’t wait to hear from you!
