---
source_url: https://www.methodmma.com
final_url: https://www.methodmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:25.717Z
---

# WELCOME TO METHOD MMA #### Brazilian Jiu-jitsu and Mixed martial arts #### We are a martial arts gym located in Forest Hill, MD. We provide martial arts training for ages 4 and up. The owners and instructors travel around the World to bring back the latest and best techniques. Whether you want Stress Relief, Physical Fitness, a New Hobby, or if you want to Become a Fighter, we have a program for you. Introductory classes are scheduled weekly.

 ## Weather closings We will be CLOSED this evening 3/16/26 due to the approaching sever weather.
 For weather closings, we do not follow HCPS but will make a call ideally 2 hours before scheduled classes and post here and on social media accounts.
 ## Our ClasseS

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ### Kids

 ### Muay Thai

 ### Teens

 ### Nothing worth having was ever achieved without effort. - Theodore Roosevelt

 # Testimonials

 ### FAQ’S Do I need to be in shape to start training at Method?
 -No! Absolutely not. In fact that is a great reason to start training right away! We have members of all fitness levels training here everyday.
 Will I have to fight some one in a cage?
 -Not unless you want to! Most of our students train as a part of a healthy lifestyle and only train on the mats as part of our regular structured training. “Sparring” is reserved for our serious competitors.
 Can I become a fighter at your school?
 -Yes! We have an awesome team of Brazilian Jiu-jitsu, Muay Thai competitors and MMA Fighters.
 What if I know absolutely nothing about Martial Arts and have never done anything athletic in my life?
 -Perfect! No matter what age you are you can become proficient at any of our disciplines in just a matter of time!
 Can my child get a black belt in 12 months?
 -No. We believe that having a Black Belt is the equivalent of holding a doctorate degree, therefore is reserved for adults who have put in the required time. However, your child WILL learn to have a Black Belt Attitude that will help in all areas of life.

 #### GET YOUR FREE INTRODUCTORY LESSON TODAY
