---
source_url: http://hydrabjj.com
final_url: https://hydrabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:40.225Z
---

#### The Benefits of ## Martial Arts in Tucson
 #### ***IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT – HYDRA HAS MOVED TO 10861 N MAVINEE DR, STE 155, ORO VALLEY, AZ 85737*** Welcome to Hydra Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Tucson, where we firmly believe that martial arts training offers invaluable benefits for both children and adults, fostering essential mental and physical skills to excel in life. Beyond merely self-defense, our martial arts program caters to individuals aged 5 and up, promoting self-confidence, heightened focus, enhanced physical strength, and positive social interactions. At Hydra Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we are committed to helping our members set and achieve their goals, instilling a strong work ethic and determination, all while enjoying the process and building lasting friendships. Proudly serving the Catalina and Oro Valley communities, we are dedicated to empowering individuals through the power of martial arts.

 ## Programs Since the popularity of MMA hit mainstream media, more and more people in the Tucson community are looking to martial arts classes for their fitness and workout routine.

 ## Special Offers Check out our NEW LOCATION OPENING SPECIALS here!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Improved Focus

 ##### Boosts Self Confidence

 ##### Weight Loss

 ##### Positive Social Interaction

 ##### You'll Have Fun

 ##### Anti-Bullying Education

 #####

 ## Gallery

 ### Contact Us Today! We are proud to serve the Tucson, Catalina and Oro Valley area. Thank you for stopping by the site. Let us know you were here!

 (520) 561-7380
 10861 N Mavinee Dr Ste 155, Oro Valley, AZ
 Get Directions

 ### Hydra BJJ 10861 N Mavinee Dr Ste 155, Oro Valley, AZ
 Get Directions

 ## Special Offer Check out our latest online offers.

 Special Offers
