---
source_url: https://www.carlsongracieteamaz.com
final_url: https://carlsongracieteamaz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:36.389Z
---

# Carlson Gracie Team Gilbert, AZ #### PHOENIX METRO AREA’S OFFICIAL CARLSON GRACIE ACADEMY Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome To ## Carlson Gracie Team AZ
 An official Carlson Gracie Federation Member
 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU (“BJJ”) IS UNIQUE IN COMPARISON WITH OTHER MARTIAL ARTS AS BJJ CONCENTRATES MAINLY ON GROUND FIGHTING AND DEFENSE. STATISTICALLY, MOST FIGHTS AND SELF-DEFENSE ENCOUNTERS DO END UP ON THE GROUND. AT CARLSON GRACIE TEAM AZ (“CGTAZ”), BJJ IS TAUGHT WITH BRAZILIAN FINESSE AND AMERICAN TENACITY! WE BELIEVE IN STRONG WORK ETHIC IN ORDER TO ACHIEVE DESIRED GOALS. STUDENTS ARE TAUGHT TO THEIR PERSONAL CAPABILITIES AND ADJUSTED AS NEEDED. THE STUDENT’S NATURAL ABILITIES WILL BE MADE STRONGER AND THEIR TECHNIQUES WILL DEVELOP INTO THEIR OWN PERSONAL STYLE. NO NONSENSE OR DRAMA IS TOLERATED. STUDENT SAFETY IS A PRIMARY CONCERN AT THE ACADEMY, AND ALL CLASSES ARE CONDUCTED IN A SAFE AND FRIENDLY ENVIRONMENT. COME TRAIN WITH US TODAY!”
 #### “Always enter like a kitten and leave like a lion. But NEVER enter like a lion and leave like a kitten. Always be humble.” CARLSON GRACIE

 ## Learn More About Us:

 Mission Statement
 AT CARLSON GRACIE TEAM AZ, WE LIKE TO PRIDE OURSELVES IN BEING A BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU (“BJJ”) ACADEMY FOR ALL WHO WANT TO RESPECTFULLY LEARN THE ART. IN ADDITION TO OUR ADULT PROGRAM, WE ALSO FOCUS ON CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS. OUR FAMILY ATMOSPHERE ENCOURAGES PARENTS TO PARTICIPATE IN EITHER ADULT CLASSES OR OUR COMBINED CHILD/PARENT CLASSES THAT MAY BE OFFERED. IT IS OUR ASPIRATION TO SHARE OUR PASSION FOR BJJ WITH OUR COMMUNITY, AND PROVIDE A PLACE WHERE FAMILIES CAN ENGAGE, TRAIN AND LEARN IN A POSITIVE ATMOSPHERE WHILE CREATING LIFE LONG BONDS WITH OTHER ACADEMY MEMBERS. PHYSICAL FITNESS AND HEALTHY HABITS ARE EMPHASIZED. CARLSON GRACIE TEAM AZ IS A GREAT PLACE TO GET IN SHAPE, LEARN SELF-DEFENSE AND DEVELOP STRONG BJJ FOUNDATIONS WHICH CAN BE BROADENED AS THE STUDENT GAINS MORE EXPERIENCE.
 Learn More!

 ## Gallery

 ## Testimonials

 The facility is huge and very clean. What an incredible BJJ Academy.

 Brett H , Google

 Everyone was very friendly and supportive and the teaching was very high caliber!

 Derek K , Google

 I spent 5 years after moving to the Phoenix area looking for a new BJJ team to call home. After hopping from school to school to school...I found it.

 Andrew K , Google

 It is very family oriented and a great place to come and learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. It is a very welcoming environment for women to come and learn too.

 Amanda W , Google

 The only regret I have is that we didn’t join sooner.

 Marie C , Google

 #### Carlson Gracie Team Gilbert, AZ ## Get Started Today
 Carlson Gracie Team has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey! Call or text us today!

 ## FREE TRIAL Contact us for info. For a free trial TODAY!

 Special Offers
