---
source_url: http://www.shao-linkempo.com
final_url: http://shao-linkempo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:38.028Z
---

- - -
 ## In person or Online to fit your schedule #### Still offering Online Classes TRAIN ONLINE TODAY

 ## Often Imitated, Never Duplicated #### Simply the Best ! START NOW

 ## Professional & Experienced Instructors #### See the Difference Quality Instruction Makes CONTACT US

 Previous Next
 ### Our GrandMaster Grandmaster Robert Pearlswig started his studies in the Martial Arts in the early 1960’s.

 Read more

 ### Our System Shao-Lin Kempo or Kung-Fu, as referred to by the Western Chinese, are one and the same.

 Read more

 ### Kempo for Adults Today’s hectic world makes it difficult to take time for yourself.

 Read more

 ### Kempo Kids Call a Dojo near you to set up a trial lesson and see how much your child will enjoy learning the Martial Arts.

 Read more

 ### Self Defense ##### Protecting you and those around you
 The best way — in fact the only way — to prepare yourself to fight off an attacker is to take a self-defense class. We'd love to give you all the right moves in an article, but some things you just have to learn in person.
 Many people think of self-defense as a karate kick to the groin or jab in the eyes of an attacker. But self-defense actually means doing everything possible to avoid fighting someone who threatens or attacks you. Self-defense is all about using your smarts — not your fists.
 Attackers aren't always strangers who jump out of dark alleys. Sadly, anyone can be attacked by people they know. That's where another important self-defense skill comes into play. This skill is something self-defense experts and negotiators call de-escalation.
 We focus on teaching these skills in conjunction with the physical moves to help protect you in any situation. Find a location nearest you to begin today.

 ### Physical Fitness ##### Benefits your Health
 Martial Arts training is a physical activity that requires a professional instructor to ensure that the individual learns the proper form, techniques, movements, and balance.
 We offer a number of physical and mental health benefits:
 - Conditioning. Our system is a great way to tone and strengthen your muscles. - Flexibility and agility. Practicing the Shao-Lin system increases flexibility and agility, and will improve your coordination skills. - Posture. Good posture is beneficial for your health and is part of our training. - Weight. All Doctors agree that burning calories and toning muscles will help you lose weight and maintain a healthy body weight; this we excel at. - Stamina. Since our lessons provide a full-body workout, they increase overall stamina and endurance. - Mental health. As you learn some self-defense moves, martial arts will give you greater self-confidence, reduce stress, and increase concentration and focus.

 ## Our Events Summer Clinic

 #### Summer Clinic Master Pearl's Summer Clinic! Next clinic August 22nd 2026.
 Find out More

 Tournament

 #### ASSK Invitational Classic Every Spring hundreds of students from Oregon and Arizona converge to compete against each other and demonstrate their skills. The next tournament is May 16, 2026.
 Sign up Now

 Winter Clinic

 #### Winter Retreat In February of each year Master Pearl puts on a clinic in a warm weather location. Next clinic is Feb 2027. ,
 Find out more

 American Schools of Shao-Lin Kempo-All Rights Reserved © 2026 - Site by Source Code Web

 × #### CONTACT US NOW
 ### SEND
