---
source_url: https://mineirobjj.com/alamo/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=my-business
final_url: https://mineirobjj.com/alamo/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:06.793Z
---

## Jiu-Jitsu That Builds Confidence, Community and Champions In Alamo, CA

 Led by a world class black belt and former UFC coach, our academy offers a clean, welcoming space for adults, kids, and women. Whether you’re here to compete or just get in shape, we’ll guide you every step of the way.

 Book Your Trial Class

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ### Mineiro 4-5 Years Old Jiu-Jitsu for kids aged 4–5 with fun, safe activities that build coordination, focus, and social skills.

 ### Kids BJJ 6-13 Years Old Structured training in a fun, supportive setting. Builds Jiu-Jitsu skills, discipline, confidence, and resilience on and off the mats.

 ### Adults All Levels Improve technique, build confidence, and push your limits—whether for competition or personal growth.

 ### Kids MMA A safe, fun intro to boxing, kickboxing, wrestling, and Jiu-Jitsu. Builds coordination, confidence, and discipline through dynamic, age-appropriate training.

 ## THE BENEFITS OF JIU-JITSU

 ### Self-confidence Confidence grows with mastery over body and mind. Exercise helps raise self-esteem, bringing greater assurance in various life situations.

 ### Self-defense Self-defense offers personal safety and practical skills. Learning defense techniques improves your ability to react and boosts your confidence.

 ### Less stress Reducing stress is essential for a balanced life. Regular exercise practices help you relax and increase your overall happiness.

 ### Muscle tone Muscle toning helps define your shape and boosts endurance. With targeted exercises, you achieve a firmer and more balanced body.

 ### Physical strength Building physical strength involves regular training and proper nutrition. Increase your strength and enhance your everyday performance.

 ### Weight loss Losing weight can be achieved with healthy habits, promoting body balance and well-being. A workout routine is key to long-term results.

 ## WHO MAKE IT HAPPEN

 ## Professor Mineiro

 ## Head Coach

 Marcelo began training in 1999 in Minas Gerais state of Brazil. When he moved to Sao Paulo in 2003, he joined TT (the Terere/Telles Team) where he shared the mats with world champions Rubens Cobrinha and Andre Galvao. In 2006, Marcelo joined the Checkmat team with Leo Vieira and later received his black belt in 2008.

 Since then, his coaching led him to train teammates in Ireland, Finland, Poland, and in the UK. In 2014, he joined Professor Leandro Vieira and provided training for the UFC fighters at AKA (American Kickboxing Academy) in San Jose, CA. Today he has dedicated himself to his two academies in the Bay Area cities of Emeryville and Alamo, California.

 ## Professor Liz

 ## Head Coach

 Professor Liz is a 1st degree Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt with nearly two decades of experience on the mat. She earned her Brown Belt in 2014 from World Champion Lucas Leite and was promoted to Black Belt in 2019 by Master Leandro Vieira.
 She leads as Head Coach at Mineiro BJJ Emeryville since its opening in 2021. As a dedicated competitor, Liz earned 2nd place at the 2024 IBJJF No-Gi World Championships and 2nd place at the 2023 IBJJF Master International North America.
 Her classes are designed to provide complete experience for each student, offering both beginner and advanced modifications to support all levels of practice.
 Mineiro BJJ proudly follows official IBJJF rules and guidelines, including belt progression and the scoring system. Safety and structure are always emphasized in every class.

 ## Ray Juachon

 ## Head Coach

 Ray began his Jiu Jitsu journey in 2018 under Professor Mineiro and Professor Liz, and is currently a brown belt teaching both adults and kids classes at the Alamo gym. Throughout his time training under both professors, Ray has been an active competitor on the local and international scene, winning world titles such as:
 - 2025 IBJJF NoGi Worlds, Brown 1st place - 2025 IBJJF World Master, Brown belt 2nd place - 2024 IBJJF NoGi Worlds, Purple belt 1st place - 2023 IBJJF NoGi Worlds, Purple belt 2nd place - 2022 IBJJF World Master, Blue belt 1st place
 Ray is a life-long martial artist with experience in Muay Thai, kickboxing, and Filipino Martial Arts.

 ## OUR SCHEDULE

 ## MONDAY

 KIDS BJJ (Ages 6-12): 5:00 PM – 6:00 PM
 ADULTS GI (All Levels): 6:00 PM – 7:30 PM

 ## TUESDAY

 Adults GI BJJ: 6:30 AM – 8:00AM
 MINIS BJJ (Ages 4-5): 4:15 PM – 5:00 PM
 KIDS BJJ (Ages 6-12): 5:00 PM – 6:00 PM
 ADULTS GI (All Levels): 6:00 PM – 7:30 PM

 ## WEDNESDAY

 KIDS BJJ (Ages 6-12): 5:00 PM – 6:00 PM
 ADULTS GI (All Levels): 6:00 PM – 7:30 PM

 ## THURSDAY

 Adults GI BJJ: 6:30 AM – 8:00AM
 MINIS BJJ (Ages 4-5): 4:15 PM – 5:00 PM
 KIDS BJJ (Ages 6-12): 5:00 PM – 6:00 PM
 ADULTS GI (All Levels): 6:00 PM – 7:30 PM

 ## FRIDAY

 KIDS MMA (Ages 6-12): 5:00 PM – 6:00 PM
 OPEN MAT: 6:00 PM – 7:30 PM

 ## SATURDAY

 Classes in Emeryville only.

 KIDS BJJ (Ages 6-12): 9:30 AM – 10:30 AM
 ADULTS GI (White Belts): 10:30 AM – 11:30 AM
 ADULTS GI (All Levels): 11:30 AM – 1:00 PM

 ## SUNDAY

 Classes in Emeryville only.

 OPEN MAT (Members Only): 11:30 AM – 1:00 PM

 ## WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT US

 Book Your Trial Class

 ## FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

 What Should I Bring to My First Jiu Jitsu Class?
 Wear comfortable athletic clothing and bring a water bottle to stay hydrated.

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 Building strength, discipline, and community through Jiu Jitsu. Join a welcoming environment where training goes beyond the mats.

 - (510) 858-7526 - bjjalamo@gmail.com - 1487 Danville Blvd, Alamo, CA 94507

 © 2025 Made by Novo Dash
