---
source_url: https://thegrapplinginstitute.com
final_url: https://thegrapplinginstitute.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:45.981Z
---

# World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute

 Build confidence, discipline, and real-life skills at a clean, professional academy offering premier training in Dallas

 Book Free Trial

 # World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute World Class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at The Grappling Institute

 Build confidence, discipline, and real-life skills at a clean, professional academy offering premier training in Dallas

 Book Free Trial

 ###
 ###
 ###
 ###
 ###
 ###

 #### Our Mission At The Grappling Institute, our mission is to get you training (and keep you training) by delivering world-class grappling and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in an elite, focused environment. Whether you're here to learn self-defense, get in shape, or compete at the highest levels, we provide the structure, coaching, and culture to help you thrive. From day-one beginners to seasoned athletes, our goal is to build champions in martial arts on and off the mats through discipline, community, and a relentless pursuit of excellence.

 Learn More

 ## Contact Us

 #### Better yet, see us in person! If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our Dallas martial arts program, including our jiu-jitsu instruction and world class grappling, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### The Grappling Institute 1343 Plowman Avenue, Dallas, TX 75203
 Text us, Call us, or Email us: (469)-949-6754 / Grappling@TheGrapplingInstitute.com

 Get in Touch! #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Attach Files

 Attachments (0)

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get directions

 ## Social

 ## Join Our Mailing List Get 10% off your first purchase when you sign up for our newsletter!
 Email

 Sign up

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
