---
source_url: http://ziamartialarts.com
final_url: https://ziamartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:27.368Z
---

### Zia Martial Arts ## Our Mission To empower our community through Jiu-Jitsu!
 Zia Martial Arts offers families in the Mesilla Valley a chance to experience life-changing training at an affordable rate. We stay up to date with the latest developments in health and fitness as well as offer unique personal training that you won’t find anywhere else in the southwest. We are affiliated with the world-class instructor Tom DeBlass and provide classes that will benefit not only competitors but casual members as well.

 ## Special Offers
 ### Clash of the Shields Submission Grappling brings together police, fire, military, border patrol, and first responders for a night of honor, skill, and competition. Watch heroes step off the line and onto the mat in an action-packed showcase of strength, technique, and brotherhood.
 Sign Up Today!

 ##### Clash of the Shields! ×

 ## Features While you may have many Jiu Jitsu schools to choose from, we have no doubt that Zia Martial Arts is in a league of its own. Don’t believe us? Here’s why:

 - - Focus Amid the distractions of social media and the demands of modern life, Jiu Jitsu will help you refocus. - Self-defense While we offer a course explicitly for self defense, the elements of self defense are incorporated into each and every one of our classes. - Confidence Our martial arts training will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar! - Strength At Zia Martial Arts, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 #### Kids ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu When it comes to self defense, BJJ empowers a smaller individual to fight against a larger opponent. But the advantages don’t stop there. BJJ helps kids gain confidence, learn discipline, focus their energy, foster respect for others, and be a part of a one-of-a-kind community full of future friends
 Learn More

 #### Adult's ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master. BJJ focuses on ground level altercations – utilizing holds, throws, blows, and a variety of submission techniques.
 Learn More

 #### Mixed ### Martial Arts In Zia Martial Art's MMA classes, students will master a wide range of kicks, strikes, chokes, takedowns, holds, and submission techniques.
 Learn More

 #### ### Kickboxing Kickboxing is not just an incredibly rewarding martial art to practice, it is also a form of exercise that is sure to push you out of your comfort zone.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - I first went for the cardio aspect, then I began to go more often and bonded with the crew. I felt support from all angles and the encouragement to keep pushing my limits... Desarae A Diaz Student - If you're visiting or thinking of starting regardless of age, skill level. Don't sleep on this place. Chris H google - Great, positive environment. My husband and I train here and the gym has become like our second family. Katy Petty Student - Simply put….. The undisputed best place to train Jiu Jitsu in Las Cruces. Jamie P Tierney Student - This is a great place to train with something to offer everyone, from kids classes, to striking, and not to mention the best BJJ in Las Cruces. Nich A. Parent & Student - From the newest student to the coaches themselves, everyone here has made me feel like a valued member of their martial arts family. Gary Adams Student

 #### Waivers ### And Forms Print out our forms before attending your first class.
 Print out our forms before attending your first class.
 Learn More

 #### Zia Martial Arts ### Class Schedule! Check out all the awesome things we've been up to! New class times available.
 Check out all the awesome things we've been up to! New class times available.
 Learn More

 #### Student ### Memberships Ready to start your training? Check out our current memberships.
 Ready to start your training? Check out our current memberships.
 Learn More
