---
source_url: https://renzogracieri.com
final_url: https://www.renzogracieri.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:17.659Z
---

Try a Free Class Today

 # About Renzo Gracie RI
 ## Welcome to RGRI, our premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school in New England! With 7,000 sq. ft. of specially designed mats, we offer the perfect training space for all levels. As part of the world's longest Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lineage, we uphold a rich tradition of martial arts excellence. Our state-of-the-art facility includes separate changing rooms for both men and women, with bathrooms and showers for your convenience. Join us for top-notch jiu-jitsu instruction and a supportive martial arts community. Discover your potential with us! Make a decision today and become part of the Renzo Gracie RI family.
 Learn More - FAQs

 About

 # Program Details The new student will engage in a learning journey based on the origins of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and get in touch with the most effective self-defense system developed by the Gracie Family.
 1

 ### Kids Program
 Young students embark on an exciting journey, learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu while gaining self-respect and confidence. Our experienced instructors nurture physical and mental growth, impart self-defense skills, discipline, teamwork, and resilience. This creates well-rounded individuals ready to face life's challenges with pride.

 2

 ### Beginner's Program
 The Beginner Program is the first level for adults & teens beginning their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training. Students will learn the fundamentals of BJJ and basic techniques. The class structure is formed around a warm-up, a lesson in technique and partner training to practice the technique from the lesson.

 3

 ### Advanced Program
 Our advanced BJJ class focuses on in-depth and advanced techniques, perfect for experienced practitioners looking to refine their skills and take their understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to the next level. Join us to elevate your expertise in a dynamic and challenging environment, paving the way to becoming a true BJJ expert.

 4

 ### No-Gi BJJ
 Our no-gi class offers a unique twist to traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. In this class, the absence of the Gi is replaced with shorts and a rash guard, creating a faster-paced, dynamic training experience. Here, we focus on specialized techniques tailored for no-gi grappling, providing a comprehensive and exciting way to enhance your BJJ skills.

 6

 ### 40+ Masters Class
 Our 40+ BJJ class is for practitioners aged 40 and above. It's a welcoming, supportive environment, focusing on effective techniques and accommodating your body's needs. Join us to refine your skills, stay fit, and connect with like-minded peers in a friendly setting.

 5

 ### Private Lessons
 Private lessons at our BJJ school are all about you. Our expert instructors customize each session to your skill level and goals, offering personalized, one-on-one guidance. It's the fastest way to improve and master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Come for a Visit
 View Our Schedule

 ## Proud Partner of We Defy Foundation
 We are a certified
 We Defy Foundation training facility

 Learn More

 # 6 Principles of Our School
 Respect
 Self-Discipline

 Focus
 Confidence

 Safety
 Leadership

 ## Meet Our Leader

 ### Professor Marcelo Cruz
 Marcelo Cruz is an exceptional martial artist, holding the prestigious rank of 4th-degree black belt, a testament to his dedication and expertise. With a training lineage that is unparalleled in his region, Marcelo has honed his skills for over two decades. His martial journey began as a teenager in São Paulo, Brazil, where he immersed himself in the art, showcasing a remarkable commitment to his craft.

 ## Meet Our Instructors
 ### Alex Correia
 Masters Classes 40+
 & Sunday Conditioning Class

 ### Mark Brownel
 3 PM Classes

 ### Corey Gardner
 6 AM Classes

 ### Quin Aubin
 Kids Classes

 Come for a Visit
 View Our Schedule

 Contact
 Purchase Elite Sports Gis

 ##### Contact Us
 856.238.2613 | martchelojj@hotmail.com
 417 Douglas Pike, Smithfield, RI 02917

 Get In Touch
 Thanks for submitting!
