---
source_url: http://groundworksjj.com/adults/intro
final_url: https://groundworksjj.com/adults/intro
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:59.175Z
---

# Beginners Only.
 # No Experience Needed.

 #### Jiu-Jitsu is challenging — not just physically, but mentally and emotionally, especially when you’re brand new. That’s why this program exists. It’s built for hesitant adults and teens who want a slower, safer, more supportive place to start. #### Begin alongside other first-timers. Train in small groups, move at a controlled pace, and explore the art through a game-based approach— with the tap as your built-in safety signal, allowing you to stop at any time. Build confidence, enjoy the process, and prepare to step into any fundamentals class with clarity and readiness. It’s not easy — but it’s worth it.

 #### Each class covers:• How to train safely and confidently• Strength & Conditioning fundamentals• Essential Jiu Jitsu technique• Troubleshooting and recovery skills

 #### Schedule & Cost:2nd & 4th Fridays 8:00–9:30 AM (2 classes per month)

 #### $150 - 3 Month Membership (6 classes total)

 #### Community Benefit:• New students receive one free class per month (limit two months)• Bringing a friend extends this to a third free month.

 - What do I wear/bring? Comfortable athletic clothes to move in, water bottle (we have a fountain with alkaline water), towel, footwear that’s easy to slip in/out of and definitely don’t forget a playful attitude.Please be advised:No Zippers - it may scratch others and damage the matsNo Pockets - fingers/toes may catchNo JewelryStandard Mat Etiquette:No Shoes on the mat - Hygiene Please have long hair tightly tied.Nails (fingers and toes) must be cut short. - Need more info? We have a Get Started page with helpful tips.Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or concerns.

 Due to unexpected changes we will be putting this class on hold. We are looking forward to re-introduce this opportunity in the future.

 Next
 Next

 Grappling Club
