---
source_url: http://groundworksjj.com/jiujitsu101
final_url: https://groundworksjj.com/jiujitsu101
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:59.584Z
---

# The belief in oneself, habits, goal-achieving, and character development traits are more valuable than any Jiu Jitsu technique.

 ## What is Jiu Jitsu?

 Jiu Jitsu is the Art of Control.
 It’s a language—spoken not with words, but with the body. Students of Jiu Jitsu learn to communicate through movement: responding, adapting, and shaping their intentions through physical expression.
 Much like chess, this martial art demands problem-solving. “If this, then that.” Every position is a puzzle. What shape must I form to take control—or deny it?
 In this world, we grapple on the ground. We use space, leverage, and timing to manage position and express intent.
 But before students can control others, they must first control themselves.
 “I need to control ME before I can control WE.”
 That’s where it all begins. Through practice, students develop self-control, personal accountability, and the awareness that every movement is a choice. That’s the deeper goal: ownership—of their actions, their learning, and their growth.
 This is what we aim to share. This is what we train to master.

 ## Who can learn this?

 If you have a body, you are an athlete. Your body is a performance vehicle waiting for the knowledge to awaken your potential.
 As this is a fighting sport and martial art, the physical endeavor can be an intimidating part of the experience.
 However, from the shyest kid, the non-athletic, the doubtful, anyone can learn, everyone will transform. The slow will be become faster, the shy more assured, the weak become strong.
 The Jiu Jitsu experience is an investment and learning is a long-term process that must be honored. Anyone can learn, however, it takes many years to master.
