---
source_url: http://groundworksjj.com
final_url: https://groundworksjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:59.927Z
---

1938 Huntington Drive, South Pasadena, CA 91030 ### BOLT BY BOLT /// WE BUILD

 FUNDAMENTAL LIFE LESSONS + JIU JITSU routine+ character+ grit+ jiujitsu

 Email Address

 Sign Up

 Thank you!

 # TEMPORARY ENROLLMENT PAUSE

 #### eMotions Program (ages 3 - 5) Enrollment Temporarily Paused. #### rollingSTART: Launch Pad to Grappling Fundamentals (ages 5 - 9)4 Week Accelerator Program Enrollment Temporarily Paused. Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and just because we are paused doesn't mean you need to miss out. We encourage you to explore Jiu Jitsu at other local academies. Join the path of the warrior- learn to be comfortable in the uncomfortable. For updates on openings please sign up below. #### Intro to Jiu Jitsu: A Clear & Safe Path to Training (Adults & Teens)Beginners only. No Experience Needed.Program on hold. Due to unexpected changes we will be putting this class on hold. We are looking forward to re-introduce this opportunity in the future. Please sign up if you wish to receive updates. We don’t spam- you’ll receive updates on our program only.

 #### Grappling Fundamentals (ages 6 - 9)

 #### All other programs remain open.

 - Why the pause? Starting June, we will be temporarily pausing new student enrollment into the Grappling Fundamentals (ages 6-9) program. This decision was not made lightly, and we want to be transparent about the reasoning behind it.Grappling Fundamentals is a pivotal stage in our students’ journey. It’s where habits are formed, confidence is built, and our expectations for behavior, effort, and growth truly begin to take shape. Right now, our current group is thriving—and to continue giving them the attention and consistency they deserve, we’re choosing to focus inward for a while.This pause allows our coaches to pour more energy into the students who are already part of the program, reinforcing culture, sharpening technique, and deepening connection. It’s not a permanent change—we’ll reopen enrollment after evaluating the flow of the program and determining the best months for new student intake.Regards,GROUNDWORKS

 ### GRAPPLING CLUB(Adults & Teens) 3 days a week.

 # Tuesday7:15PM - 9:00PM

 # Workshop Class

 #### Learn more

 - WTH is a Workshop? Move with Purpose: Zone of IntentionTo help students get better at making movement decisions we ask them to set a Zone of Intention—basically, a focus where your goal is clear.How we run it1 . Low-resistance roundFlow with your partner.Talk through the details.Tweak on the fly until it feels smooth.2. Live-resistance roundAdd real pressure and submission threatsStress-test what you just dialed in.Slip out of your zone? Call “reset,” rewind a beat, and lock back in.That’s it—no fluff. Just mindful, intentional reps that translate straight into real-time rolls.

 ### Our passion is to share the art of Jiu Jitsu.
 # We specialize in youth programs. #### We love transforming
 #### the shy, small, and doubtful.
 #### Parents, join our Grappling Club for adults and bond with your kids over the challenges of the journey. It's a unique opportunity for family fitness and shared experiences.

 # Girls only Jiu Jitsu class!

 ### Every 1st Friday of the month #### Ages 6+ 3:00pm - 4:00pm #### Members only.

 #### We are associated with IEM, Blue Ridge, Ritz FMS, and ACE FMS.Please contact us for more information.

 Email
 Email

 Safe, Inclusive, and Non-Religious — All Staff Background-Checked A $15 service fee will be added to all Charter Student memberships. No discounts apply other than the Household discount.
