---
source_url: http://www.vermontbjj.com
final_url: https://vermontbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:27.637Z
---

NOW OPEN: Registration for our 2026 Half-Day Summer Camps. Find more information under Events & Camps.
 NOW OPEN: Registration for our 2026 Half-Day Summer Camps. Find more information under Events & Camps.

 Call
 Text
 Email
 Directions

 Vermont BJJ

 VERMONT BJJ
 The Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Champions Academy

 ## Vermont Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Vermont Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was founded to share the importance of proper, authentic, and complete Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction. From the beginning, VT BJJ has been dedicated to preserving the integrity of the art while delivering world-class training rooted in quality, professionalism, and respect. Our mission is to develop true champions—both on and off the mats—through disciplined training and strong values.

 Founder and Head Instructor Julio Cesar “Foca” Fernandez Nunes was born and raised on the shores of Copacabana in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He began his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey at the age of 17 under the legendary Grand Master Carlson Gracie Sr. Julio “Foca” quickly rose through the ranks, competing at the highest levels throughout Brazil and representing the elite Carlson Gracie Competition Team. His accomplishments include earning his black belt and becoming a five-time Brazilian National Champion, three-time Rio de Janeiro State Champion, and two-time IBJJF World Champion .

 Julio “Foca” is the only 7th Degree Coral Belt Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Self-Defense instructor in the United States certified by CBJJP, USBJJF, and IBJJF under the late Grand Master Carlson Gracie Sr. He is also a USA Boxing–certified coach. His depth of knowledge, experience, and authenticity are unmatched—and his passion for teaching is reflected in every class at VT BJJ.

 At Vermont Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, students train under true lineage, world-class instruction, and a commitment to excellence that cannot be imitated.

 Read what Seven Days VT Magazine says about us

 ## The future of our nation lays on the courage, confidence and determination of its people.

 ### ABOUT US View Details

 ### PROGRAMS View Programs

 ### CLASS SCHEDULE View Details

 ### PRO SHOP Learn More

 ## Follow us on Instagram

 ## Students Reviews

 ## Michael Durand, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “Fantastic place! I was impressed with the class; Julio's teaching style, and the general atmosphere. Easy enrolling decision! ”

 ## Shawn Carroll, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “So glad I found this school. My whole family goes. Julio is great at teaching young kids, teens and adults alike. He seems to know how to meet every individual where they are at and provide the right mixture of pressure and encouragement. His leadership is contagious. He demonstrates a positive attitude and mindset. Everyone feels better at the end of a class, every time. Best part of my week.”

 ## Fernando de Luna, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “Let me put it this way. My kids started to practice there. The classes are engaging, the instructors are great and Julio teaches the students notions of the art, self defense, discipline, respect, and companionship. ”

 ## Lucas Moore, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “I cannot thank you enough for the training and the lessons in jiu-jitsu and life that you so readily share with your students. I admire your consistent dedication to your art and practice. ”

 ## Samuel Lannigan, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “Authentic awesomeness!”

 ## Anthony Sheridan, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “Julio Fernandez is by far the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor in VT and NH. Very friendly and knowledgeable. I highly recommend training at VTBJJ Revolution Team.”

 ## Christopher Cunnigham, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “My children’s confidence and self awareness has developed more and strengthened since they started with Professor Julio. Their progress motivated me to start training again their as well. It is good to feel like a new guy again. ”

 ## Robert Skiff, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “I have never had an experience with the combat arts that was more professional than this. The instructor is simply one of the best teachers I have ever dealt with. The students are disciplined and don't have egos. I learn a lot every class. ”

 ## Amber Maple, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “Excellent instructor and patrons, everyone has been so nice!! The intro/fundamental classes are great for someone like me new to BJJ.”

 ## Digz Gravaaz, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “I travel to VT yearly to ski, and discovered this gem 2 years ago. I've done a few drop in classes and the environment has been very welcoming. Oh, and then there's that amazing coach! Julio Fernandez is TRULY the definition of world class. Train with one of the true masters and legends of the sport.”

 ## Dustin Robinson, ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ “My son and his friend attended your class for the first time today and I was blown away with you and your staff. ”

 ## Gallery

 ## Gallery
