---
source_url: https://syf-bjj.com
final_url: https://syf-bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:13.832Z
---

Skip to the content # WELCOME TO SUBMIT YOUR FRIEND ACADEMY

 ## Follow us:

 Instagram

 KIDS

 WOMEN

 MEN

 NO - GI

 ###### At Submit Your Friend Academy, we’re passionate about sharing the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our experienced instructors are dedicated to helping every student achieve their personal goals—whether you dream of competing at a high level, want to stay active with a healthy hobby, learn practical self-defense, enjoy a family-friendly sport, or simply build lasting friendships.With over 5 years of teaching experience, we offer classes for beginners, advanced students, women, and children—all in a safe, supportive, and challenging environment.Most importantly, our academy is more than just a gym—it’s a community. From the moment you walk through the door, you’ll be welcomed by a friendly team that’s excited to see you and ready to guide you on your Jiu-Jitsu journey.Try your first class for free and discover why so many people call Submit Your Friend Academy their second home.

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 ### OUR SCHEDULE

 ### Plans & Pricing Discover the right plan for you and your family

 ### Train together, save together : $10 off per family member

 ##### ADULTS Basic Membership

 ## $150 / Month

 - Includes up to 3 days a week of training and more than one class a day.

 Register Now

 ##### Adults unlimited Membership

 ## $175 / Month

 - Unlimited training including weekends.

 Register Now

 ##### KIDS BASIC Membership

 ## $150 / Month

 - Includes up to 3 days a week of training! Including weekends.

 Register Now

 ##### Kids Unlimited Membership

 ## $170 / Month

 - Unlimited training including weekends.

 Register Now

 Train for free today

 ## Ready to start your Jiu-Jitsu journey today?

 Click here
