---
source_url: http://www.highimpactma.com
final_url: https://www.highimpactma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:45.696Z
---

Skip to content We're open We want to make sure you're safe. That's why we're following state regulations for COVID19. See more below.
 ## See the updated schedule

 learn more about your instructors
 Follow us for important updates

 ## Ready to start?

 Your Full Name (required)

 Your Email (required)

 Which Programs are you interested in? (required)
 Kickboxing Adult Judo Kids Judo Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Submission Grappling Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Private Lessons Other (leave a message)
 Phone Number (required)

 Please leave a message

 # Unlock your full potential

 ## kickboxing #### most popular! Sensei Lester Martell
 Tuesday @ 6:30 – 7:30 pm
 Thursday @ 6:30 – 7:30 pm
 Saturday @ 10 – 11 am

 ## adult judo #### years 13+ Sensei Lester Martell
 Monday @ 7:30 – 8:30 pm
 Wednesday @ 7:30 – 8:30 pm
 Friday @ 7:30 – 8:30 pm

 ## Grappling #### Submission Grappling Sensei Lester Martell
 Tuesday @ 7:30 – 8:30 pm
 Thursday @ 7:30 – 8:30 pm
 Saturday @ 11 am – 12 pm

 ## MMA #### Mixed Martial Arts Sensei Lester Martell
 Tuesday @ 8:30 – 9:30 pm
 Saturday @ 12 – 1 pm

 ## Kids judo Sensei Lester Martell
 KIDS 4 – 7 YO
 Monday @ 5:30 – 6:30 pm
 Wednesday @ 5:30 – 6:30 pm
 KIDS 8 – 12 YO
 Monday @ 6:30 – 7:30 pm
 Wednesday @ 6:30 – 7:30 pm
 Friday @ 6:30 – 7:30 pm

 ## Bjj #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Sensei Lester Martell
 Monday @ 8:30 – 9:30 pm
 Wednesday @ 8:30 – 9:30 pm
 Thursday @ 8:30 – 9:30 pm
 Saturday (open mat) @ 9 – 10 am

 ## weekly schedule

 | MON | TUES | WED | THURS | FRI | SAT | SUN Kickboxing | | 6:30 – 7:30 pm | | 6:30 – 7:30 pm | | 10:00 – 11:00 am | Kids Judo 4 – 7 y/o | 5:30 – 6:30 pm | | 5:30 – 6:30 pm | | | | Kids Judo 8 – 12 y/o | 6:30 – 7:30 pm | | 6:30 – 7:30 pm | | 6:30 – 7:30 pm | | Adult Judo 13+ y/o | 7:30 – 8:30 pm | | 7:30 – 8:30 pm | | 7:30 – 8:30 pm | | Submission Grappling | | 7:30 – 8:30 pm | | 7:30 – 8:30 pm | | 11:00 am – 12:00 pm | Brazilian Jujitsu (BJJ) | 8:30 – 9:30 pm | | 8:30 – 9:30 pm | 8:30 – 9:30 pm | | 9 – 10 am (open mat) | Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) | | 8:30 – 9:30 pm | | | | 12 – 1 pm |

 ## NEW COVID19 RULES

 High Impact Martial Arts is now reopen and back to it’s regular schedule for both our kids and adults programs, but following the current state regulation and guidelines.
 - 25% of max occupancy - Social distancing of 6 feet - Hand sanitizer stations - Masks are required - Use of our changing rooms will be limited. - High contact areas are thoroughly sanitized - Stay home if you are sick - Infrared thermometer checks for all members
 We ask that you please come dressed and prepared for class with the proper academy training gear or as close as possible. If you have reached out to us about training here at our academy please be patient due to the limited class sizes. We will reach out to you as space becomes available. We have always taken great pride in over cleanliness and professionalism and will continue to do so as we provide our community with the best martial arts instruction in the Hudson county area.
 If you have any questions please feel free to contact us via message or call 201-320-4305
 Thank You!
 #### Sensei Lester Martell
