---
source_url: https://www.austinkickboxingandjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.austinkickboxingandjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:40.389Z
---

Skip to content ## Unleash Your Inner Fighter!

 # AUSTIN MUAY THAI KICKBOXING GYM AND BJJ SCHOOL FOR ADULTS IN WELLS BRANCH, PFLUGERVILLE AND ROUND ROCK

 Free 7 Day TrialBook A 10 min Call To Get Started

 - Develop A Fit, Athletic Body - Build Your Mental Resilience - Become A Skilled Martial Artist

 ### Explore Our Adult Martial Arts Classes:

 ### Kickboxing & Conditioning

 Beginner-friendly sessions blending striking techniques with fitness for a full-body workout.

 Learn more

 ### Muay Thai Kickboxing

 Master the art of eight limbs, focusing on technique, application, sparring, and self-defense.

 Learn more

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Develop ground combat skills through grappling techniques in a challenging, supportive environment.

 Learn more

 ## The perfect blend of MUAY THAI, BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU, AND kickboxing classes for a complete mixed martial arts experience

 ## Get Started In 3 Steps...

 ## 1

 ### Connect

 Book a 10-minute chat with one of our coaches to answer any questions and schedule a free class.

 ## 2

 ### Experience

 Enjoyed your free class? Great! Receive a free 7-day pass and experience everything Fighting Fit has to offer.

 ## 3

 ### Join

 Ready to join? Continue your journey with us to peak fitness, newfound confidence, and martial arts mastery.

 Book A Chat With A Coach

 ## What Our Members Say...

      Rated 5 out of 5

 ### "I Never Thought I'd Compete At My Age."

 I’ve very much enjoyed training, so much so I found myself competing ; something I never thought I would do at my age.

 I also lost about 30 lbs and have managed to keep it off for over two years.
 Liz Toglia
 Austin, Tx

      Rated 5 out of 5

 ### "Very Beginner Friendly."

 I absolutely love the energy of this gym. It’s very beginner friendly . Everyone is super nice and supportive.

 Coach Corey is an amazing fighter and Coach Forrest goes deep into the techniques. They are both amazing instructors .
 Steven Pham
 Pflugerville, Tx

      Rated 5 out of 5

 ### "I Actually Look Forward To My Workouts."

 Joining this gym has been one of the best decisions of my life. I've always had a hard time staying consistent with my workouts but I no longer have that problem. Now I actually look forward to going to class to workout.
 Justin Bain
 Austin, Tx

 ## What You'll Get At Fighting Fit...

 ### Martial Arts Mastery

 True mastery might not be attainable, but you will become a highly skilled martial artist.

 ### Physical Transformation

 You’ll achieve a toned athletic body, increased strength, and improved overall fitness.

 ### Supportive Community

 Form tight bonds, receive unwavering support, and join a team that champions your growth.

 ### Boosted Mental Wellness

 You’ll see better mental health, reduced stress, and you’ll build a champion’s mindset.

 ### Safe, Personalized Training

 We provide beginner-friendly classes, a positive sparring environment, and safe training.

 ### Join The Bruce Lee Legacy

 We are one of the few MMA gyms to have instructors certified in Bruce Lee’s Jeet Kune Do.

 ## Tired of the boring gym routine?

 - Regular gym routines are too repetitive to stay motivating - You want to learn a new skill, not just do "cardio" kickboxing - Some MMA gyms can be too competitive or rough

 Fighting Fit aims to bring combat sports to everyday men & women, not just competitive athletes.

 ## Empowering everyday men and women to rediscover their edge!

 You’ll be training under the guidance of some of Austin’s best Muay Thai Kickboxing and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu coaches in a friendly, safe, and supportive group training environment.

 With a rich legacy spanning over 17 years, we’ve been at the forefront of coaching individuals into powerful martial artists who not only achieve their fitness goals but also discover a deep-seated passion for martial arts.

 And we want to do that for you!

 ## Not sure ifCombat Sportsare right for you?Check out these stats...

 Many assume combat sports are a realm reserved mostly for men, young athletes, or those hungry for competition.

 But at Fighting Fit, we’re shattering these stereotypes. Our gym’s stats tell a different story –

 - Over 40% of our members are women - 65% of our members are over the age of 30 - Roughly 10% of our members actively compete

 Redefining The Norm

 At Fighting Fit, these statistics aren’t just numbers. They redefine what an MMA gym can be.

 We cater to those seeking a fun and engaging way to stay fit, learn new skills, and relieve stress in a friendly, welcoming atmosphere.

 ## What Other Kickboxing GymOffers You All This?

 - 100+ Classes Per Month: Train when it's most convenient. We offer daytime, evening & weekend classes -- making it easy to find a routine that works for you. - Custom Nutrition Plans: With a certified nutrition coach on staff, these plans were created specifically to increase energy, burn fat & achieve peak performance. - Coach Check-Ins: Regular check-ins from coaches outside the gym to keep you dedicated and on track towards your goals.

 - Complete MMA Curriculum: We teach striking, grappling, and conditioning -- everything you need to be a well-rounded martial artist. - Competition Opportunities: Experience the thrill of the sport. From light contact matches to more intense chances to test your skills, we've got options for all. - Community Events: We run frequent challenges & events to build camaraderie and motivation within the Fighting Fit team.

 - Small Class Sizes: Our small class sizes ensure you receive close instructor guidance for better learning and a more personalized experience. - Private Training Programs: Accelerate your progress with our structured private and semi-private programs. Our "Elite" program makes private training affordable to all of our members. - Satisfaction Guarantee: Our 7-day trial and 30-day satisfaction guarantee ensures you feel confident in your decision to join us.

 To get all this and more sign up today for a…

 Free 7 Day TrialBook A 10 min Call To Get Started

 ## Are We a Good Fit For You?

 We’re a perfect fit for those who…

 - Work well with others and like to help their partners get better - Can commit to at least 2 classes per week for at least 3 months - Want to learn new skills and proper technique in addition to working out

 We’re not a great fit for those who…

 - Only want hard sparring and aren't willing to adjust to various partners - Are looking for drop-in classes without the commitment of a membership - Want a purely cardio-focused workout without learning the details of the art

 Ready to Get Started? Click Below!

 Free 7 Day TrialBook A 10 min Call To Get Started

 ## Easier Than You Think

 New to the world of mixed martial arts?
 Most of our members were complete beginners just like you when they joined Fighting Fit.
 Luckily, we excel at helping beginners find their footing quickly. Our classes are structured so that beginners feel included, safe, and able to progress at their own pace.
 So, while it’s normal to feel apprehensive at first, you’ll find yourself feeling right at home in no time.

 Luis Muniz – Austin, Tx

 Rosa R. (Austin, Tx) | Google Review
 I was a bit intimidated for sure considering I’m a beginner.
 Turns out my anxiety was for nothing .
 The coaches are so welcoming and the community is sooo nice! I felt comfortable right away.
 Asking questions never felt nerve racking . I wasn’t made to feel dumb for being lost or for forgetting things.

 Tireni O. (Austin, Tx) | Google Review
 From never having done anything even remotely related to combat sports, to winning my first local competition in less than a year.
 Joining this gym has absolutely changed my life.
 With each training session, I show myself what I can do.

 Brie W. (Pflugerville) | Google Review
 I needed a place that would be kind to a beginner and where I could make friends & have fun .
 I was so nervous to show up, but SO glad I did.
 The coaches are super nice, the classes are energizing, and the people are kind and encouraging.
 I’d never pictured myself trying this sport and really grateful I found the perfect environment to do this in.

 ## It's Never Too Late

 Stephanie started her martial arts journey when she was 44 yrs old. It’s now been 5 years.
 Here’s what she has to say:

 Stephanie Jones – Austin, Tx

 Erika started her martial arts journey when she was 43 yrs old.
 At 45 she competed in her first ki ckboxing match:

 Erika Brice – Pflugerville, Tx

 ## Where Our Gym Is Located:

 - 1779 Wells Branch Pkwy Austin, TX 78728 - 512-866-5110

 Facebook Youtube Yelp

 ## Book Your Free Transformation Program Trial!

 - STEP 1: Book A 15 Min Zoom Call With One Of Our Amazing Trainers - STEP 2: Please Be On Time, With No Distractions, So We can Answer Your Questions & Schedule Your Free Class - STEP 3: After Your Free Class Your Coach Will Go Over Your Membership Options!

 https://fightingfitbootcamp.uplaunch.com/join/6493

 ## Thank You!

 ## We Can't Wait to get you Started!

 We have emailed you a comfirmation of your purchase. We will be in contact shortly to schedule a time for your visit.
 In the meantime, please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions!

 - 512-670-9333 - [email protected] - 1779 Wells Branch Pkwy Austin, TX 78728

 ## Share Offer With Friends

 ## Get Started With Your FREE Transformation Program Trial
