---
source_url: http://www.westkarateofweirton.com
final_url: https://westkarateofweirton.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:41.175Z
---

# West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ## Weirton Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu – Carrying on the Legacy
 Get Started Today

 ##### Sign up for three FREE martial arts classes! ×

 #### Welcome To ### West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Welcome to West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, a hybrid martial arts school in Weirton, WV! Here, we consider ourselves a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy and a Karate dojo at the same time. We have it all! This is a family-oriented community that utilizes a structured system to help students with personal development, competitive martial arts, self-defense, fitness, and whatever personal goals they may have. Everything we do is done through a strong work ethic that builds students’ self-confidence, respect, discipline, and overall success. With more than 40 years of serving the community and carrying the legacy of Master Clarence E. West, we are proud to help build upstanding people and future leaders. Join us and see what you are capable of with our Weirton martial arts training!

 ### Get started with three free lessons! Come join us with three free martial arts classes! You can get started in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or Karate with us – risk-free!

 Get Started ##### Sign up for three FREE martial arts classes! ×

 ### Programs Explore our martial arts programs for all ages! From Karate and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to Kickboxing, there’s a class for everyone to grow, learn, and thrive.

 ### Special Offers Start your journey risk-free! Take advantage of our three free martial arts classes and discover what you can achieve at West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 ### Schedule Find the perfect class time for you! Check out our flexible schedule for Karate, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and Kickboxing—training is available seven days a week.

 #### Learn more about ### West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 #### Our School West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a Weirton martial arts academy with everything available to students. Alongside Karate and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes, we also offer training in other disciplines, including Kickboxing, that can help you with whatever you need. Our instructors bring in a strong family atmosphere and are always keeping students motivated. The structured curriculum and culture allows for an educational environment. We make sure students are learning and receiving training that matches their personal goals. Whether that’s helping adults with fitness or helping kids with personal development and behaving properly, anyone can grow with us. All of this comes from the legacy of Master Clarence E. West, a man we are proud to honor. Check out our history section for his story and see why we take so much pride in helping people.

 #### Our Story Our school was formed in the wake of a profound loss—the passing of our founder, Grandmaster Clarence E. West. In November of 2008, Master West tragically and unexpectedly lost his life in a fire that consumed our Karate school in Wintersville, Ohio. His passing sent shockwaves through his students and the greater community, leaving a void that could never be filled.
 Grandmaster West was a beloved teacher, mentor, and respected businessman. He was widely known for his unwavering generosity, self-discipline, and larger-than-life personality. Many remember him for his signature colorful tuxedos and fedoras, but even more for the lasting impact he had on countless lives both on and off the mat.
 In honor of his tremendous influence, we proudly continue his legacy by carrying on his martial arts system, Wae Kune Do. Our school is dedicated to the preservation, teaching, and advancement of Wae Kune Do exactly as it was originated by our Sensei. Through discipline, respect, and community, we strive every day to uphold the values and standards Master West instilled in us.
 We carry on the legacy—one student at a time!

 ### Our Class Schedule ##### Want to find the right time for training? Then check out our academy schedule at West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu!

 View Schedule

 #### Your West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### Team
 ##### Troy Fernandez ###### Owner and Head Instructor
 Master Troy Fernandez (5th Degree Black Belt) began his martial arts journey at the age of 11 under the tutelage of Master Clarence West in Wintersville, Ohio. After eight years of dedicated training, he earned his Black Belt and continued his pursuit of excellence both on and off the mat.
 Following his martial arts foundation, Sensei Fernandez attended West Liberty University, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. Over the years, he has competed extensively, earning more than 150 first-place trophies, and was inducted into the Clarence Superstars Hall of Fame in recognition of his competitive achievements.
 Beyond competition, Sensei Fernandez is deeply committed to community service and leadership. In 2017, he was nominated as one of the area’s “Shining Stars” for his contributions to the community. In 2021, he was further honored with “The Village Impact” Award for his positive and lasting influence on those around him.
 Sensei Fernandez is also an active Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, training under Professor Lou Armezzani of Monaca, Pennsylvania. His passion for martial arts, combined with his dedication to mentorship and community, continues to shape the next generation of students.

 ### Get started with three free lessons! Come join us with three free martial arts classes! You can get started in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or Karate with us – risk-free!

 Get Started ##### Sign up for three FREE martial arts classes! ×

 #### Explore our Martial Arts ### Programs
 Our martial arts programs at West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu are designed to promote growth through traditional training. We have a variety of programs, with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, and Karate classes for students to thrive in and develop physically, mentally, and emotionally. Take a look and find the best option for you and your children with us!

 #### Little Technicians (ages 5 and 6) Few martial arts academies have a program for kids like our Little Technicians. It is a rolling program with a different focus every month. Students are taught skills in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Karate (as well as Boxing and Wrestling), helping them find which program is best for them. Once they reach 7 years old, we let them pick and choose the program where they want to devote their time.

 #### Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (ages 7–13) This is a program focused heavily on personal growth. Kids gain a sense of confidence while building discipline, self-awareness, self-respect, balance, and overall structure. The tools we teach give them a solid foundation to achieve their personal goals on and off the mat.

 #### Teen and Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (ages 14+) Our teen and adult program provides students with the opportunity to train in Gi or No-Gi classes. It is an enjoyable experience where students can work on training for fitness, self-defense, or competition. Teens and adults can come in and discover all the benefits Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has to offer.

 #### Karate Our Karate program is all about self-discovery. Every day, we are pushing students to dig deep inside themselves to release their natural abilities and talents. Oftentimes, students come in unaware of what they are truly capable of doing. We make sure to show them how great they can be, and that’s not just on the mat—they can be great in all aspects of life! The skills they gain alongside the self-respect and confidence they develop can impact everyday life, as well as Karate classes.

 #### Kickboxing This is a martial art class with a diverse set of skills. Students are taught multiple disciplines, focusing mainly on MMA and Muay Thai. This provides a solid foundation for fighters to take to the mat or into the cage. Competitive fighters can really thrive with this program!

 ### Words from our Community Our martial arts academy is a home for anyone in Weirton and those nearby. Through the practice of traditional teachings, we provide a supportive environment for students as they use martial arts to shine in and out of the academy. This is a place for everyone! And don’t just take it from us. Check out what others are saying about why West Karate & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a home away from home!

 Previous “Troy Is very engaging with the kids and his teaching style makes it fun even when its tough. The style gives a great mix of traditional karate and practical self defence.”

 Adam U.
 Google

 “The instructors are great and very helpful. I’d highly recommend if you were ever even thinking about giving it a try to come in, it’ll totally be worth it and you’ll be hooked!”

 Mary W.
 Google

 “West Karate is awesome! He cares about the development of each student. He takes the time to ensure all understand what is being taught.”

 Rebecca N.
 Google

 Next

 ### Learn More About Our other location ##### Steubenville BJJ Academy! Interested in training at our Steubenville location? Reach out today to get all the details about class times, programs, and how to get started at Steubenville BJJ Academy!

 Contact Us ##### Contact Us ×

 Download Steubenville Schedule

 ### Contact Us! We are proud to welcome students of all ages to our Weirton Karate dojo and Jiu Jitsu academy. We also invite everyone in Steubenville, Follansbee, Wellsburg, Wheeling, and Pittsburgh. You can find our facility off Route 22!

 304-479-5292

 westkaratellc@gmail.com

 328 Penco Rd, Weirton, WV 26062
