---
source_url: http://longviewmartialarts.com
final_url: https://longviewmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:36.439Z
---

## A Fun and Exciting Character Building Activity for Your Kids!

 ## 30 DAYS FREE!

 ## Let your kids come try class Free for 30 days! Ages 4 and Up

 Video can’t be displayed
 This video is not available.

 #### Learn More

 Start Your 30 Day Free Trial

 Email

 Phone

 Full Name

 Start now

 #### Thank you! We will call to answer all of your questions.
 #### Error Bad respond

 #### Learn More

 Start Your 30 Day Free Trial

 Email

 Phone

 Full Name

 Start now

 #### Thank you! We will call to answer all of your questions.
 #### Error Bad respond

 ## Home of Longview's Best After School and Summer Camp

 ## What Our Students & Parents Say

 Testimonies.

 Tasha M.

 “My son absolutely loves attending…and they love our kiddos!”

 Stacy D.

 “I’m so grateful for this place, they have taught him so much self-esteem! Thank You!”

 Nicole B.

 “We love it! Awesome for my little girl, she is learning so much more than just martial arts!”

 Monica W.

 “Good environment, excellent team of instructors!”

 Shannon C.

 “We love this place! Awesome instructors!”

 Crystal C.

 “Our family loves this place!”

 ## Get more Info and Start Your 30 Day Free Trial

 Hurry, Spots are running out!

 Email

 Phone

 Full Name

 Learn More

 #### Thank you! We will contact you to answer all of your questions.
 #### Error Bad respond

 ## A Character Building Activity

 Your child will learn to stay safe, develop confidence, discipline, set and achieve goals, and have tons of fun!

 #### Contacts

 903-236-9908 longviewmartialarts@gmail.com

 2901 N Eastman Rd. Longview, TX. 75605

 Join and follow the news

 Full name

 Email

 Classes
 Taekwondo Krav Maga Jiu-Jitsu After School Summer Camp

 Message

 Phone

 Send message

 #### Thank you! We will contact you to answer all of your questions. We have received your submission.

 #### Error Bad respond
