---
source_url: https://www.arespeoria.com
final_url: https://www.arespeoria.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:30.457Z
---

## Experience the Ares Difference: Trust, Expertise, and Community
 At Ares Peoria Jiu Jitsu Academy, we pride ourselves on creating a welcoming environment for all skill levels.
 ‍
 Our dedicated instructors and the supportive community ensure that every member feels like family.

 We pride ourselves on character, integrity, and family values.

 ## We offer training for all ages

 ### New to the Sport? Let's Get You Into Our Introduction to Jiu Jitsu Program
 Start TODAY!
 LEARN MORE

 ### Join Us and Transform Your Life Through Jiu Jitsu
 Our programs cater to everyone, from beginners to seasoned martial artists, kids and adults.
 LEARN MORE

 ### Interested in striking? Check out our kickboxing program
 Take a break from the mats and hone your stand up skills.
 LEARN MORE

 ## Student Testimonials
 Ares Peoria has transformed my life in so many ways.
 CHECK OUT OUR GOOGLE REVIEWS

 ### I walked in knowing nothing about jiu jitsu, everyone was very friendly and very helpful with any questions. Great way to start building confidence in the sport. All the teachers were amazing and helpful, thank you guys! Levi
 Student, Ares Academy

 ### 10 out 10 Recommended. My son and I started training with Ares Peoria in February and could not be happier. There are many reasons why we decided to take this leap and each goal has been achieved! The environment is very family oriented and welcoming. The instructors are amazing and do their best to share every bit of knowledge. Caleb
 Student, Ares Academy

 ### Morning Shannon, I just wanted to say thank you for reaching out to me the first day after meeting you otherwise I don’t think I would’ve come back let alone signed up for the class. I had a lot of fun last night but felt very out of shape and winded. Randy
 Student, Ares Academy

 ## Join Our Jiu Jitsu Family
 Discover the transformative power of jiu jitsu—sign up today!
 SIGN UP
