---
source_url: http://samamartialarts.com
final_url: https://samamartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:40.497Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 # Unlock Your Potential in Pinole: Experience More Than Just a Martial Arts School!
 Secure Your First Class

 ## WELCOME TO SAMA ACADEMY OF MARTIAL ARTS. YOUR FITNESS JOURNEY STARTS HERE. ####

 ## OUR MISSION AND VISION Our Mission is to serve our local community and improve the lives of children and adults through the study of high-quality martial arts.
 Our Vision is to have every Instructor be a Positive Role Model, every Parent to be Proud and every Student to be a Black Belt.

 Everything we do at our academy works toward this goal. In an effort to achieve this goal, we focus on three things:
 Mastery
 Our Instructor’s are actively training martial artists. They are on a relentless pursuit to enhance and refine their technique and are always researching a better, more dynamic and effective way to deliver the information to your students.
 Safety
 The Team understands that considering the nature of the martial arts, safety is paramount. The design of the studio, teaching methodology and use of equipment is all geared toward teaching high-quality martial arts in a safe, structured environment.
 Character
 The study of any worthwhile endeavor, will inevitably result in the building of character. Our Instructors are positive role models on and off the mat. This creates a symbiotic relationship in which both teachers and students feel compelled to improve themselves, physically and mentally.
 Join us today and experience classes that go beyond physical strength but lead you to your highest potential!
 Get Started NowBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## Karate and Kickboxing Classes That Sharpen Your Body and MInd! Through our dynamic Karate and Kickboxing classes, our students not only get fit and strong daily but also discover their greatest strengths. With us, we will help them;
 - Become their best selves - physically, mentally, and emotionally - Burn fat, build muscle, and boost metabolism - Practice how to be resilient and empowered despite challenges
 The journey continues even after our program. With us, you will keep learning and evolving!
 Get Started Now
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## LET'S FIND THE RIGHT PROGRAM FOR YOU Adult Kickboxing

 Junior Martial Arts (Ages 4 1/2 - 12)

 View More

 ##
