---
source_url: https://www.top-rated.online/cities/Ha+Noi/place/p/1443947/VinKE+%26+Th%E1%BB%A7y+cung+Times+City
final_url: https://www.top-rated.online/cities/Ha+Noi/place/p/1443947/VinKE+%26+Th%E1%BB%A7y+cung+Times+City
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:08:30.230Z
---

# VinKE & Thủy cung Times City
 Tourist attraction • Aquarium
 4.70 (10.8K reviews)

 ### Address 458 P. Minh Khai, Thanh Lương, Hai Bà Trưng, Hà Nội 100000, Vietnam

 Open on Google Maps Open on TripAdvisor Share this place

 ## Why you should visit VinKE & Thủy cung Times City A decent option for a family outing if you're already in Times City mall, especially with children. Consider visiting on a weekday to avoid crowds and potentially benefit from lower ticket prices. Manage expectations regarding the size and authenticity of the exhibits.
 - To see a variety of aquatic life and reptiles, enjoy the mermaid show, and entertain children within the convenience of a large shopping mall.

 ## Things you should know before visiting Weekends are crowded and more expensive. Purchase tickets in advance online to save time and potentially money. Be aware of the no outside food/drink policy and potential deposit fees.

 ## Pros & Cons - ✓ Good variety of fish and reptiles. - ✓ Mermaid show is enjoyable. - ✓ Suitable for children. - ✓ Conveniently located inside a large shopping mall. - ✓ Animals look in good condition.

 - ✗ Can be overcrowded, especially on weekends. - ✗ Some tanks seem small or overcrowded. - ✗ Concerns about the authenticity of the environment (artificial plants). - ✗ Air conditioning might be inadequate. - ✗ Ticket prices can be expensive (especially on weekends). - ✗ No outside food and drinks allowed.

 ## Highlighted Reviews "
 "
 The animal variety is great, but I sadly can't say the same about the condition they live in.

 "
 "
 The place looks pretty old and not much fish to see.

 "
 "
 I loved this aquarium. It’s good sized and it’s got tons of fish.

 "
 "
 Absolutely would not recommend going here. It’s way too overcrowded.

 "
 "
 Very nice place filled with all kinds of animals...the animals look in good condition, and the staff work hard to keep everything clean.

 ## Visitor Reviews Frequently mentioned in reviews:
 fish (8) aquarium (8)

 Top-rated.online cuts through the clutter, highlighting only the reviews that are most helpful, earn the most likes, or come from the most active contributors.
 2/5 Phu L. 2 years ago on Google • 252 reviews

 It's ok, just because there're no real alternatives in the region. The animal variety is great, but I sadly can't say the same about the condition they live in. Some tanks seem overcrowded or too small. The environment is so fake and plasticky. The plants (even the grass) in most of the tanks and reptile enclosures are fake plants. Looks like they want to cut down on maintenance cost. And those penguins, I'm pretty sure the platform has no ice - looks like just bare plastic.

 5/5 Somsak C. 1 year ago on Google • 240 reviews

 I think they offer discount to us since the ticket cost was lower than what we saw in the website.

 4/5 gipson j. 6 months ago on Google • 190 reviews

 Good place for kids, it has verities of fishes, snake and penguins as well also mermaid show also available

 3/5 Tina T. 10 months ago on Google • 182 reviews

 The place looks pretty old and not much fish to see. In fact it’s a pretty okay aquarium for a shopping mall but I expected more fish to see. Come on weekday, it’s much cheaper.

 5/5 Hidden W. 11 months ago on Google • 96 reviews

 Woo! Good maintenance and hygiene. Good for children. Must visit place. It's in the Mega mall.

 5/5 Kyle P. 9 months ago on Google • 91 reviews

 Really great shopping mall! Has a big game center with bumper cars, mini petting zoo, aquarium, rollerskating rink, and plenty of restaurants! A bit expensive but everything was fun and we came for a second day to escape the heat 🥵

 4/5 SURBHI J. 2 years ago on Google • 55 reviews

 It was good. There are a variety of fishes and reptiles. My daughter enjoyed the mermaid show. Improvements: 1. For all the animals there's a board which provides explanations in Vietnamese. It should be in English also. 2. All the children should be asked to sit in the front. It was very chaotic.

 5/5 Jolanta J. 5 months ago on Google • 49 reviews

 That was great experience. There's a lot of fish from different parts of the world 🌎 From big size to little. Also lizards, snakes, crocodiles, turtles , 🐸 and penguins. You can buy a fish food and feed the coi carp. I really enjoyed walking around this aquarium. Definitely recommend .

 5/5 Peter B. 2 years ago on Google • 48 reviews

 I loved this aquarium. It’s good sized and it’s got tons of fish. Especially the giant garbs (Mekong river fish) are impressive. I had to do a test at vinmec clinic and wait for their lunch hour to pass. This aquarium was the perfect place to while away an hour and a half - penguins are cool and the giant tank at the end is shock full of big fish (though the sharks are slightly small :)). The place is close to the food are of the mall. Overall great visit. 190k didn’t seem excessive (250k on weekends for adults).

 5/5 Pranab D. 1 year ago on Google • 35 reviews

 I can't tell you how much my wife enjoyed this place! Give your better half a surprise to this place and see the reaction. Time will fly here. We were lucky to witness the mermaid show. Also the mall inside which this aquarium is, is huge.

 1/5 Stefanie T. 1 year ago on Google • 33 reviews

 Absolutely would not recommend going here. It’s way too overcrowded (went went on a Sunday). There was no proper air conditioning for the masses. The exhibition ia actually quite small, we went through it in half an hour. Ticket prices are more expensive on the weekend. You’re not allowed to bring foods and drinks inside, which they don’t tell you in advance. You need to pay 20k to either deposit your things at the counter or you can pay 20k to bring it in, but you have to queue up again to pay the 20k.

 5/5 eloisa s. 2 years ago on Google • 26 reviews

 feb 10,2024 when we visited this place so as expected not many people during this time and we are sp lucky we bought our 2day pass via klook for 14.4M 1day pass in vinwonders and 1day pass in Hom Tam island with buffet

 4/5 nadav k. 1 year ago on Google • 24 reviews

 Very nice place filled with all kinds of animals. from fish to alligators to turtles to penguins and more, the animals look in good condition, and the staff work hard to keep everything clean. You are not allowed to bring drinks from the outside, but there is a shop inside you can buy at a reasonable price. Overall, it was a very nice aquarium to spend the day with family and friends.

 5/5 Watterson E. 6 months ago on Google • 23 reviews

 The atmosphere at the aquarium is both calming and mesmerizing. Soft lighting and ambient music complement the vibrant underwater world, creating a peaceful environment for visitors to relax and observe. Whether you're a photography enthusiast or just someone who enjoys the beauty of marine life, there are plenty of opportunities for memorable shots. The aquarium's design, with its futuristic architecture and stunning aquascapes, adds to the overall appeal Overall, the Vinpearl Aquarium in TimesCity is an outstanding destination for anyone interested in marine life. It offers a fantastic blend of beauty, education, and adventure. Whether you're traveling with family, friends, or solo, it’s an experience that will leave you with a deeper appreciation for the underwater world. Highly recommended!

 4/5 Kelly S. 1 year ago on Google • 22 reviews

 Good to visit with children. The size is pretty small but also not bad to go with young children. Prefer to buy ticket in advance(FB sellers or official online ticket)

 5/5 HADAS 6 months ago on Google • 19 reviews

 Such a fun place. So many unique fishs and other animals. we fed the turtles 🐢 and the koi fishs and in the end we got free drinks and popcorn for every icecreem we brought, and free small begs for each doll we bough for the kids

 5/5 ZeroHakai 1 year ago on Google • 3 reviews

 This place offers a variety of fishes, is suitable for kids and people who don’t have much knowledge about fishes and its living environment. They often organize some activities to understand more about the marines, lizards and animals. Entry price is 190.000 VND / person

 Sponsored ### PageCrawl.io Website change monitoring

 FREE
 Monitor any webpage for changes – get instant email alerts when prices drop, new jobs are posted, products come back in stock, or competitors update their sites.
 Start Free Monitoring 6 free monitors included • No credit card

 Open on Google Maps Open on TripAdvisor Share this place ### Location
 ### Similar places - Tourist attractions in Ha Noi

 ## Trends See how the number of reviews and average review scores have changed over time.

 ## Similar Tourist attractions nearby #1

 ### Noi Bai International Airport International airport

 This 2-runway airport serving the Hanoi area primarily offers flights to destinations in Asia.
 4.20 (50.8K reviews)

 #2

 ### Thang Long Water Puppet Theatre Puppet theater

 Performing-arts venue presenting theatrical water puppetry shows with accompanying music.
 4.30 (22K reviews)

 #3

 ### Hanoi Opera House Opera house

 Ornate performing arts hall opened in 1911 & staging classical music, dance & opera performances.
 4.60 (21.2K reviews)

 #4

 ### Hoa Lo Prison History museum

 Only the gatehouse, now a museum, remains of this storied prison for POWs during the Vietnam War.
 4.50 (21K reviews)

 #5

 ### Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum Historical landmark

 Vietnamese leader Ho Chi Minh's body is on display in this mausoleum & historic site.
 4.50 (20K reviews)

 View more...

 Discover more in Ha Noi

 Last updated: 25 December, 2025 ( Request update )
