---
source_url: http://tucsonselfdefenseandfitness.com
final_url: https://tucsonselfdefenseandfitness.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:22.173Z
---

## Tucson's Rising Phoenix Self-Defense & Fitness # Schedule your free consultation! ### Contact Jesse James Tucker today Whether you want to learn real world self-defense (Krav Maga), get in the absolute best shape of your life, improve your diet and nutrition habits or just want a safe place to explore a new life changing hobby, you have come to the right place.

 Tucson’s Rising Phoenix Fitness & Defense has programs for everyone, regardless of your skill or fitness level. We are committed to customizing your training and workouts to give you the results you have always wanted. Private instruction and group classes are available.
 Follow us on Facebook and Instagram

 #### CONTACT US
 #### CLASS SCHEDULE
 #### CLASS DESCRIPTIONS
 #### TESTIMONIALS

 ## Who We Are

 ##### How can we help? ## Contact Us
 Name * First
 Last

 E-mail *
 Phone Number
 Your Interests - Fitness - Krav Maga - Self Defense - Martial Arts - Other

 Comment or Message *

 Phone
 Submit

 ### Introductory Special Schedule your free consultation today! Complete our contact form, and we’ll be in touch as soon as possible.
 In addition to our regular classes, private lessons and customized group training sessions are available. All ages, skill levels, and fitness levels welcome!

 ### Tucson's Rising Phoenix Self-Defense & Fitness 4500 E Speedway Blvd
 Suite 4
 Tucson, AZ 85712

 Call or text: (520) 838-1592

 tucsonrisingphoenix@gmail.com
