---
source_url: https://www.legendjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.legendjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:51.137Z
---

## Our CLASSES We have classes for all ages and skill levels. Beginners are welcome to join us at any time. Your first class is always free.
 your first class is always free! We are currently offering a free 2-day trial! Try out two classes to see all that Atos Tacoma can offer you!
 WE OFFER A 10% DISCOUNT FOR MILITARY, POLICE, AND FIRE. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE.

 free trial
 free trial

 ## our uniform policy WHITE GIS ARE REQUIRED FOR CLASS (AFTER YOUR FREE TRIAL IS OVER). A RASHGUARD MUST BE WORN UNDER YOUR GI. Gis and rashguards are available to purchase at the gym or you are welcome to purchase from anywhere you’d like!
 YOU CAN WEAR WHATEVER COLOR GI YOU LIKE FOR OPEN MATS (SATURDAYS ONLY).

 buy a gi or rashguard
 buy a gi or rashguard

 Schedule
 Schedule

 #### Adults age 18+ This class is For all experience levels, both men and women. we warm up, stretch, practice the technique of the day, and live spar. live sparring is always optional. Teens are also allowed to attend. a white gi is required unless you’re on a free trial.

 sign up
 sign up

 #### teens Ages 11-17 Teens will learn the essential elements of jiu jitsu, improve their athleticism, and learn a martial artist's way. The class accommodates beginners and more advanced athletes. Adults may attend the teens’ class if they choose. a white gi is required unless you’re on a free trial.

 sign up
 sign up

 #### kids ages 5-10 Kids are taught the fundamentals of jiu jitsu, elements of self-defense, jiu jitsu drills, as well as more advanced techniques when appropriate. A white gi is required for this class unless you’re on a free trial.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 #### Open Mats Ages 11+ There is no dedicated instruction for open mats. it’s a time to practice techniques learned during the week, ask professor questions, get in some extra drilling, and live spar with your friends. This class is open to ages 11+ with unlimited memberships or drop-ins. Any color gi can be worn during open mat times.
 #### Private Lessons Want to work on something specific, or enhance your skills in a one-on-one or small group environment? Schedule a private lesson with Professor noa by emailing us at info@legendjiujitsu.com. We establish rates on an individual basis, dependent upon the needs of the athlete.

 email us
 email us
