---
source_url: https://www.legendjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.legendjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:51.629Z
---

## WE have moved! Larger training space, bigger lounge area, bathrooms, weightlifting room, and much more!
 ## New Location: ## 2310 Mildred Street West Unit 120 ## University Place WA, 98466 Come check us out with a free 2-day trial!

 Free trial
 Free trial

 ## Legend jiu jitsu Academy At our jiu jitsu academy everyone is welcome— no matter your age or experience. Jiu jitsu is a versatile and practical martial art that adapts to all skill levels. we provide high-level instruction in a positive environment that challenges all students.
 Community, family, and developing relationships are what we love, jiu jitsu is how we do it.

 FREE TRIAL
 FREE TRIAL

 “ jiu jitsu sets an important foundation for our kids in both their physical and mental development which will assist in any environment as they grow up. it tests and develops their discipline, emotional aptitude, and challenges their decision-making awareness. more importantly, the impact is immediate. ” — C.W., Legend Jiu Jitsu Parent

 ## jiu jitsu for self-defense

 JIU JITSU CAN BE INTIMIDATING! BUT IT IS AN ESSENTIAL SKILL TO KNOW HOW TO DEFEND YOURSELF. Gain confidence, learn self-defense techniques, and practice in a friendly environment. Your first class is always free!

 Classes

 ## Check out our kids’ program

 The future of our community is determined by the health of our kids. We teach ages 4 and up about respect, discipline, and walking in the way of a martial artist.

 Our Programs

 ### Get fit jiu jitsu is active! Drilling, rolling, and sparring is a great way to get in shape. many students lose weight in their first month of training, gain strength, and feel great.

 ### Gain Confidence confidence is a literal superpower. how we train on the mats bleeds into every other area of our life. You’ll learn to defend yourself, gain body awareness, and see benefits across the board.

 ### learn self-defense knowing how to defend yourself or a loved one is an essential skill. jiu jitsu began as a self-defense art and will give you the ability to approach any physical altercation with confidence and strength.

 free trial
 free trial
