---
source_url: http://www.mcmahonbjj.com
final_url: https://mcmahonbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:33.014Z
---

#

 # Develop The Courage For Greatness #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Learn about the most in demand martial art in the world.

 Read More

 #### Kids Martial Arts See why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the best thing you can do for your child.

 Read More

 #### Muay Thai Kickboxing Build powerful self-defense skills and burn up to 800 calories per hour!

 Read More

 #### Mixed Martial Arts – MMA Learn techniques that have dominated mixed martial arts competitions.

 Read More

 ## Welcome to McMahon Training Center The McMahon Training Center (MTC) has been teaching martial arts in Fort Collins since 2006. We are an Amal Easton and Renzo Gracie Jiu-Jitsu affiliate school that provides superior martial arts instruction in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and Muay Thai Kickboxing. At MTC you will learn the same techniques that the Gracie Family and Muay Thai practitioners have used to dominate Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) competitions in events such as the UFC. At our Fort Collins Academy, all classes are taught in a safe and professional familial setting.

 Read More

 # 10 Reasons to Join

 ### ### Thanks to Finnie McMahon, I plan to continue practicing the art of Jiu Jitsu for the rest of my life – Ian Lieberman

 ### Thanks to McMahon Jiu-Jitsu, my skinny video game junkie kids have transformed into healthy, confident, respectful kids! – Chalo Gonzales and Family

 ### Our kids love McMahon Training Center! – Abra Houchin

 ### McMahon offers outstanding black belt BJJ training and a tremendous community of support – Ryan Keegan

 ### Jiu-Jitsu is just one of the valuable lessons MTC teaches our children – The Parents at Easton BJJ (McMahon former academy)

 ### McMahon’s Training Center is perfect, balanced training for anyone in law enforcement – Chris Reiss

 ### Thanks to McMahon Training Center, my son has grown in self confidence, coordination and patience. – Thomas Carson

 ### McMahon’s Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes provide the physical and mental challenge I was looking for – Kye Colby

 ### The mix of BJJ training and overall skills is like no other in Ft. Collins – Tony

 ### McMahon Training Center: One of the best life decisions I’ve ever made – Junaid Subzwari

 Read More

 ## New Muay Thai Kickboxing Training Program With 16 classes a week , MTC now provides more Muay Thai Kickboxing training time than any other training facility in the Northern Colorado. If you’re looking for a great cardio workout and also want to learn real fighting techniques, the Muay Thai Kickboxing program at McMahon Training Center in Fort Collins is the right place for you!

 Explore Classes

 ## ASSOCIATE SCHOOLS ##### When you join our team, you're joining the Amal Easton & Renzo Gracie Team ##### We are part of a Legacy known around the World! When you become a member of McMahon Training Center, you are also granted drop-in class access to various Amal Easton Training locations and other affiliated Renzo Gracie training facilities.

 # CHECK OUT OUR ASSOCIATE SCHOOLS
