---
source_url: https://sfc-mma.com
final_url: https://www.sfc-mma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:59.956Z
---

## SPRINGFIELD FIGHT CLUB Deciding to walk through those doors is the first fight you are going to win.
 STEP ON THE MAT

 ## CLASSES OFFERED

 ### BJJ

 MMA

 KICKBOXING

 ## WOMEN'S

 ### KIDS BJJ

 ### SHOP SFC-MMA
 View all

 GRAY PERFORMANCE SFC Add Choose
 ### GRAY PERFORMANCE SFC
 GRAY PERFORMANCE SFC $24.99

 HOODIE - BLACK/RED Sold out

 Add Choose
 ### HOODIE - BLACK/RED
 HOODIE - BLACK/RED $44.99

 HOODIE - CREAM/BLACK Sold out

 Add Choose
 ### HOODIE - CREAM/BLACK
 HOODIE - CREAM/BLACK $44.99

 Long Sleeve Compression Rash Guard Sold out

 Add Choose
 ### Long Sleeve Compression Rash Guard
 Long Sleeve Compression Rash Guard $64.00

 Short Sleeve Compression Rash Guard Sold out

 Add Choose
 ### Short Sleeve Compression Rash Guard
 Short Sleeve Compression Rash Guard $62.00

 "All three of my kids have came to SFC for more than 5 years. BJJ is the best skill you could have your children learn. It has taught them how to handle themselves and to be confident with themselves. And the teachers and people who go there are some of the nicest you could meet. I am proud to say me kids train here."
 – Melody Krause

 "On average, I would say I burn 500-600 calories depending on the day"
 -Jessica Stamburski

 "I have had the pleasure of training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Springfield Fight Club for over 11 years. In a former job I would often times find myself in physical altercations with criminals and thieves in which I would have to defend myself or others. Due to the training and skills developed while studying BJJ, I have always been able handle any physical or mental challenges life throws my way. The camaraderie and support of the men and women I train with at Springfield Fight Club are second to none."
 -Doug Smith

 "During kickboxing I burn anywhere from 850-950 calories according to my tracker . Both classes are 1500-1700 calories"
 -David Hemphill
