---
source_url: http://bmorejiujitsu.com/programs
final_url: https://bmorejiujitsu.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:24.505Z
---

# Our Programs #### Youth Jiu-Jitsu #### Women's Jiu-Jitsu #### Adults Jiu-Jitsu
 Our youth and teens jiu-jitsu programs focus on teaching self-defense techniques to help students develop strength, improve coordination, and build confidence. Our fun and structured learning environment helps students improve their listening and attention skills while becoming more comfortable in social situations.

 Our program teaches students how to react in a potentially confrontational situation, how to manage distance, escape the situation, and if necessary how to defend themselves and control an aggressor through leverage-based techniques.

 #### Adults Jiu-Jitsu #### Women's Jiu-Jitsu #### Adults Jiu-Jitsu
 Adult Fundamentals is our beginner program for adults. In this program, you will learn core principles and techniques in a fun, safe, and cooperative environment. This class focuses on basic concepts of self-defense as well as fundamental grappling techniques.

 Advanced and All Levels classes are designed to give students the ability to combine techniques to be able to better understand how to connect the most common movements in jiu-jitsu. Includes a mix of standing and ground techniques, positional transitions, movement drills, and controlled grappling sessions.

 #### Women's Jiu-Jitsu #### Women's Jiu-Jitsu #### Women's Jiu-Jitsu
 Self-Defense: Focusing on the most common attacks that women face, from being pinned to the ground, having your hair grabbed, or even striking attacks, you will learn how to set verbal and physical boundaries, manage distance to keep yourself safe from attacks, and get away to safety.

 All Levels classes are designed to give students the ability to combine techniques to better understand how to connect the most common movements in jiu-jitsu. Includes a mix of standing and ground techniques, positional transitions, movement drills, and controlled grappling sessions.

 ## Book Your Free Trial Today Book Now

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
