---
source_url: http://bmorejiujitsu.com/
final_url: https://bmorejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:24.620Z
---

- - - - - - - - - -

 # Family Friendly Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Greater Baltimore FREE TRIAL

 #### Programs for Everyone #### Experienced Instructors #### Experienced Instructors
 B-MORE Jiu-Jitsu stands alone in its ability to empower anyone - regardless of age, gender, or athletic ability - using the time-tested techniques and teaching methods perfected over the last century. We have programs for everyone!

 More Info

 #### Experienced Instructors #### Experienced Instructors #### Experienced Instructors
 You will receive the highest quality of instruction, with highly trained instructors dedicated to excellence. Receive personalized attention to address each individual's skills and needs. Extensive experience with both kids and adults.

 More Info

 #### About Jiu-Jitsu #### Experienced Instructors #### About Jiu-Jitsu
 Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art based on the principles of leverage and timing, in order to defeat larger opponents. We train our students in practical self-defense techniques that allow efficient use of one's energy in defending themselves, while forcing attackers to waste energy.

 More Info

 ## Reviews

 ## Experience the Art of Self-Defense at B-MORE Jiu-Jitsu FREE TRIAL

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
