---
source_url: http://www.smashbjjspokane.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://smashbjjspokane.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:51.651Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Spokane Valley ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Smash BJJ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Spokane Valley Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu right here in Spokane Valley! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Spokane Valley will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Smash BJJ Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Helping You Reach Your Goals Request information

 There are not enough good things to say about this gym, the owner, the coaches, and families who attend. We’ve attended the kids classes and adult classes and both have been excellent, our family highly recommends this gym!

 ### Fill out the form below to request a free trial!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
