---
source_url: http://www.smashbjjspokane.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://smashbjjspokane.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:51.994Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Spokane Valley ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Smash BJJ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Prepare Your Child For Anything They Might Face With Kids Martial Arts Classes Here at Smash BJJ, we understand the importance of setting your child up for success in many different ways. We are proud to serve the community of Spokane Valley by offering Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes geared towards development and bully prevention. Our classes are designed to instill such confidence in your child that they will be able to overcome bullies without the need to resort to violence. Also, we'll make sure that your child has a great time learning all that we have to offer!
 Connect with us today by filling out the short form on your screen!
 Get more information now!

 #### The Perfect Bully Prevention Program We use Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a tool to incorporate useful life-skills in your child's life. We start with physical self-defense , move on to mental and verbal self-defense , and tie it all together with character development . By utilizing this multi-layer approach, we guarantee that you will see a difference in your child as they progress through our classes!
 ##### With Kids Martial Arts, your child can develop: - Greater confidence and self-respect - Helpful physical techniques used in self-defense - Coached and effective responses to verbal abuse - Increased responsibility and manners
 #### Kids Martial Arts For All Ages We know that as your child grows, there are different things that they can handle and that they will encounter. That's why we've set up a few different programs that are either age-specific or ability specific so that way your child can learn in a group of their peers and grow at a speed that is comfortable for them.
 We offer 3 different Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes:
 ##### Little Dragons (3 to 5 Years Old) Sometimes learning is hard to grasp for younger kids, so we've turned this class into a play session! Instead of having to focus on learning, we teach Jiu-Jitsu through "playing" Jiu-Jitsu. Instead of feeling like they are being told to do something, your children get to come and play games, and secretly learn the foundations of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. These games also develop their reflexes so they will be able to graduate to our Children's BJJ program.
 ##### Children's BJJ (6-9 Years Old) Our Children's BJJ program for ages 6 to 9 years old continues teaching young students the ins and outs of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Your child will learn self-defense, grow stronger, gain confidence, and practice respect!
 ##### Teen BJJ (10-14 Years Old) Preteen years are often the hardest in school since bullying is most prevalent at that time. We address that issue by focusing primarily on our Bully Prevention Program in our Jr. Grappler's Class. We teach nearly all of the techniques taught in the Adult Jiu-Jitsu Class and focus on teaching your child how to defend themselves from any type of physical attack. Without having to throw a punch or a kick, they will be able to neutralize a bully's attack and establish control over them until help arrives. This instills a great deal of confidence and self-respect as a fun by-product!
 #### Start Your Child's Education With Jiu-Jitsu You can't start to prepare for difficulties in life too early. Our Kids Classes at Smash BJJ are a smart, safe, and healthy way to promote your child's personal safety and self-esteem!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Helping You Reach Your Goals Request information

 There are not enough good things to say about this gym, the owner, the coaches, and families who attend. We’ve attended the kids classes and adult classes and both have been excellent, our family highly recommends this gym!

 ### Fill out the form below to request a free trial!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
