---
source_url: http://www.smashbjjspokane.com/classes/Martial-Arts-Summer-Camps
final_url: https://smashbjjspokane.com/classes/Martial-Arts-Summer-Camps
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:52.336Z
---

# Martial Arts Summer Camps in Deer Park ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Smash BJJ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Treat Your Child To An Awesome Adventure With Our Summer Camps at Our Deer Park Location! Don't let your child spend their summer months in front of a screen. At Smash BJJ, we're giving students all across the community a chance to stay active, challenge themselves, and learn something new every day.
 Our Martial Arts Summer Camps are the perfect opportunity for your child to continue challenging their minds - even while school is out of session. We are proud to host students across Deer Park, and your child could be next.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 Get more information now!

 #### What's Included In Our Martial Arts Summer Camps? We work hard every day to help students stay active all summer long. Our Summer Camps at our Deer Park location include new challenges and exciting adventures each and every day. We're proud to host students of all backgrounds and fitness levels. We offer a wide range of games and activities that can set your child up for success and help them have fun learning new skills.
 ##### At Smash BJJ, we're offering children in Deer Park the chance to take on: - Real martial arts instruction - Fun team-building activities - Indoor and outdoor challenges - Educational opportunities - And so much more!
 Our Summer Camps include professional supervision with a focus on keeping students safe and ensuring that everyone can have fun.
 #### Reserve Your Spot For The Best Martial Arts Summer Camp In Town! Summer will be here before you know it. Don't miss out on Smash BJJ's exciting Summer Camps here at our Deer Park location. We are proud to host students from all across Deer Park and we're excited for your child to be next.
 Register your child today by filling out the form linked below!
 Registration

 ## Helping You Reach Your Goals Request information

 There are not enough good things to say about this gym, the owner, the coaches, and families who attend. We’ve attended the kids classes and adult classes and both have been excellent, our family highly recommends this gym!

 ### Fill out the form below to request a free trial!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
