---
source_url: http://anvilcenter.com
final_url: https://anvilcenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:25.482Z
---

MMA DEFENSE FOR ALL

 # ANVILTRAININGCENTER View Courses Learn MORE

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Brazilian Jiu-jitsu
 It focus on the skill of taking an opponent to the ground, controlling one’s opponent, gaining a dominant position and using a number of techniques.

 Learn More

 ## Muay Thai
 Thai Boxing is the national sport of Thailand and has it’s origins in ancient battlefield tactics of the Siamese.

 Learn More

 ## Mixed Martial Arts
 Is a self-defence martial art and combat sport based on grappling, ground fighting and submission holds.

 Learn More

 ## Kali
 It is a fighting system that focuses on edged, impact and improvised weapons. It is a very lethal fighting method for self-defence.

 Learn More

 ## ABOUT US Born out of a love of combat sports and a desire to make an impact on people’s lives, Brian Stone founded Anvil Training Center in January 2013. Anvil’s roots run deep in combat sports and self defense, offering instructors with a combined 38 years experience in Muay Thai, 13 years of boxing and MMA, and over 17 years submission grappling, 10 years specific to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. To date, Anvil has a 48 – 4 (92% win ration) record across Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, and MMA competitions with only 1 loss in the last 5 years.

 ## MISSION The Anvil Training Center strives to establish a culture and environment of continuous daily personal improvement. We stress the development of character and critical thinking as much as physical and technical skills.

 Anvil training offers Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai kickboxing, Boxing and formal Mixed Martial Arts classes.

 # AMENITIES
 ### RING Four ropes are attached to the posts and pulled parallel under tension with turnbuckles to form the boundary of the competition area.

 ### BAG ROOM Punching bags have been used in martial arts and swordplay for the entire written history of military training.

 ### CARDIO EQUIPMENT To enhance the strength or conditioning effects of that exercise by providing either fixed or adjustable amounts of resistance.

 ### STRENGTH TRAINING Training commonly uses the technique of progressively increasing the force output of the muscle through incremental weight.

 ## IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS CONTACT US

 # GALLERY
 VIEW MORE

 https://anvilcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/10000000_2021389721436622_8208669662234279936_n.mp4

 https://anvilcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/10000000_3557876134235283_7868182427370541639_n.mp4

 https://anvilcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/10000000_782983748567615_3623397469338992640_n.mp4

 https://anvilcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/10000000_430934693995956_3205815464349401088_n.mp4

 https://anvilcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/23540613_127059171303146_6535272334092140544_n.mp4

 https://anvilcenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/10000000_1783822754963470_2341044694315696128_n.mp4

 # Pricing Table Anvil training offers Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai kickboxing, Boxing and formal Mixed Martial Arts classes.

 #### Monthly Membership MMA or mixed martial arts
 Is a combination of several styles learn different styles in a class designed to increase their level of fitness and self defense skills.

 SELECT
 #### Kids Membership Martial arts training offers children invaluable benefits, including self defense skills,coordination, exercise , increased muscle mass, confidence , mental alertness, enduring friendships , discipline and focus.
 SELECT

 # REVIEWS

 I met Mr. Stone and was very impressed with his knowledge of martial arts and his humility. He is the real deal! His attitude and personality are incredible. I wish nothing but success to him!

 #### Louie Campbell

 Great group of like minded individuals, and the instruction is top notch. I highly recommend Anvil Training Center.

 #### Dustin Cary

 Love Anvil...Brian is an amazing and patient instructor! So glad to have him in the area.

 #### Jordan Young

 Great place recommend checking it out!! Learn good technique on the ground or stand up
 #### Wade Collins

 Brian teaches more at Anvil than martial arts. I had a broken back which has really affected my balance(lack of). Brian has been very patient working with me to regain stability. A lot of good comes out of that gym.

 #### Lisa Abel

 Anvil has a very welcoming environment. Brian is very knowledgeable, personable, and great with children. My son looks forward to every class.

 #### Gabe Weber

 MISSION CLASSES SCHEDULE PRICING ABOUT CONTACT LIABILITY WAIVER FAQs
 MISSION CLASSES SCHEDULE ABOUT CONTACT

 Copyright © 2026
 Powered by KLB Solutions LLC
