---
source_url: http://www.hk-tkd.com
final_url: https://www.hk-tkd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:33.534Z
---

# Build a great foundation for life
 SCHEDULE
 FREE TRIAL CLASS
 MEMBER LOGIN

 Login
 Facebook
 Instagram
 LinkedIn

 First Name
 Email
 Last Name
 Subject
 Leave us a message...
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 TAEKWONDO, WORLD TAEKWONDO FEDERATION, MARTIAL ARTS

 Meet the Team
 ## ABOUT US
 Master
 KIM HYUN

 Home of USA Taekwondo National team members. HK Taekwondo is a World Taekwondo Federation-affiliated martial arts facility. Located in Cedar Park,Texas. We’ve been in Cedar Park since 2006. Master Kim, of Seoul, Korea is the schoolmaster. He brings an authentic Korean sensibility to the training of our students . He competed in Korea at the Junior National level. He moved to Los Angeles in 1995. He trained and taught in Dosan Taekwondo where many national level competitors were born. His talent earned him such high profile clients as the Ozzy Osbourne family and the Lionel Richie family in Beverly Hills. He is the current Texas Varsity Team Coach, and led them to capture the gold medal for Texas at the 2108 USA Nationals. In 2013 Master Kim introduced the HK Performance Team. Since its inception the performance training team has had many International, National and State Champions flourish. HK Taekwondo is the home of many competitors that represent the State of Texas and many Members of current Team USA.

 THE HK DIFFERENCE

 About

 ###### Benefits of Taekwondo
 Taekwondo is not only a great way to exercise - it is a way of life.

 1

 INCREASE CARDIO HEALTH

 2

 ### TRAIN WITH ELITE ATHLETES

 3

 ### INCREASE YOUR FLEXIBILITY

 4

 ### BE A PART OF A LOVING COMMUNITY

 5

 ### DEVELOP LEADERSHIP SKILLS

 6

 ### IMPROVE SELF ESTEEM AND CONFIDENCE

 READ OUR BLOG

 Services

 Contact
 ## TESTIMONIES
 #### "We LOVE HK Taekwondo. My daughter was hesitant and nervous the first day, even to the point of tears. Master Kim took her and did some one on one time to get her comfortable and confident. And here we are a month later and she looks forward to class each week. To watch her grow in her confidence has been truly remarkable. The instructors are kind yet firm and truly invested in developing these kids a whole individuals not just in their taekwondo abilities. Highly recommend!"
 Candace

 October, 2021

 #### We have been attending classes for four days a week over the last three months. Master Kim, Master Justin, and Master Ramsey are fantastic instructors. They have been instrumental in taking my son's taekwondo skills to the next level while keeping the atmosphere fun for all students. We couldn't be happier with our choice to study with HK Taekwondo
 Ryan

 August ,2021

 #### I have trained from white belt all the way through black belt at HK TKD. As with all skill mastery, taekwondo is a life-long pursuit. I highly recommend Master Kim if you are searching for the authentic martial arts experience.
 William

 March 2021

 HK Taekwondo

 ELITE TAEKWONDO TRAINING

 1717 SCOTTSDALE DRIVE STE 100D
 LEANDER, TX 78641
 Inside The Crossover Complex
 ​
 Tel: 512-260-0060
 ​
 info@HK-TKD.COM

 - - -
