---
source_url: https://fightforusjiujitsu.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes/
final_url: https://fightforusjiujitsu.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:28.955Z
---

# Get FREE TRIAL of Life-Changing Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes MONDAY- FRIDAY
 6:00PM – 7:00PM

 FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW TO

 Get Your FREE TRial Pass Today!

 Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Form Δ
 Full Name

 Email Address

 Mobile Phone

 GET STARTED TODAY

 *Your privacy is very important, we’ll never share your information. We may email you about special offers and upcoming events. The next page will show you exclusive offers and opportunities to get started.

 ### So Much More Than Punches & Kicks.Changes Lives.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is not just self defense. It’s a tool we use to help kids become leaders. Hundreds of parents can’t believe the incredible transformation.

 ### So Much FUN! While Teaching Respect, Discipline, & Focus.
 We don’t have many rules here, but they’re very rigorously enforced. As a result, kids learn and develop strong, healthy boundaries. And boundaries are so essential to helping kids thrive.
 Discipline and respect flourish within a few short weeks. This is why Parents LOVE our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program here in Las Vegas, NV.

 ## Prepares Your Child For Success In Life.
 Kids who train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu have a higher success rate in school. Why? Discipline, focus, goal setting, and drive. BJJ instills these incredible traits in your child, every time they come.
 That’s what makes our Drysdale Fight For Us Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes so Powerful.

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 “Team Zenith!!! My kids and myself train here, I’ll take Jiu Jitsu training any day over cardio or gym(Personal Prefernce👍🏽). So on top of staying in shape, I’m always learning new things every single time I’m on the mat. Great people all around to train with. Having a great group and coach makes all the difference. I recommend coming and trying a class. Jiu Jitsu was my first encounter in any type of martial arts, and it’s been a great journey over the past five years. Looking forward to much more!”
 – Andrew Sanoja

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 “Drysdale Fight for us Jiu Jitsu/ Team Zenith is a family oriented gym, with phenomenal bjj instruction for both children and adults. It felt like family the first time I stepped foot into gym. Greg Kalteich (A Robert Drysdale black belt) is very welcoming, technical, knowledgeable, and willing to help individually. There are no egos which is a huge plus and unlike a lot of gyms, The mats are always clean! If your just In town visiting or live here full time, I highly recommend coming in and giving it a try! You won’t be disappointed.”
 – Dustin Chevalier

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 This gym is great! My kids and I all train here. We’ve been a part of the gym for about two years.
 Coach Greg is great with the kids and he fosters an atmosphere of teamwork and respect. The training is tough but the upper belts are always looking to pass on their knowledge to make the newer belts better.
 The facility is very clean and well kept.
 If you’re looking for a welcoming place to train, go check it out!
 -Matt Wittnam

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 My son (9) started at this location and absolutely loves it. He expressed interest in it at the beginning of the summer and so we gave it a try. I cannot believe how much he loves it. He never wants to miss a class. He enjoys the challenges presented to him and wants to advance. He adores his coach! The teaching is lighthearted and fun, but the expectations and standards are high. These kids learn so much from instructors that care. I love taking my son to this place.
 -Nathan & Lori Jayme

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 A great place to train and learn the art! Greg is a great instructor for both kids and adults. He is passionate and so very knowledgeable, a true family environment. You won’t be disappointed in trying this place out!“
 – Chris Knight

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 We joined the Fight For Us team about 1 year ago when my son’s (7yo) other BJJ gym didn’t reopen due to COVID. This was the BEST move we have made. Greg and Erin were so welcoming and supportive during our transition over and they’ve continued to be amazing to us since. We are super proud to be apart of this family that they’ve built!
 -Desiree D’Arienzo

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 I was very intimated to start training for jiu jitsu. Not only did I feel insecure being 38 years old and never doing a martial art before, but also being a woman in a predominantly male sport. Coach Greg, Adam, Ace, Ian, Janette…etc. the list goes on, were encouraging and supportive from the beginning. They want everyone to learn, train hard and not get injured. No shame in tapping! My son also attends the gym as well. He loves it and I see his self confidence growing. Erin makes everyone feel welcomed and is great to talk to about pretty much anything! So happy to have a second home at the gym!
 -Samantha Peckham

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 My son has been coming here to train for almost 3 years and the coaches and staff has been doing an amazing job teaching my son! He loves coming to train and learn!!! His strength, discipline, has been amazing and makes me proud!!!
 -Rita Sosa

 FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW TO

 Get Your FREE TRIAL Pass Today!

 Inline Form Δ
 Full Name

 Email Address

 Mobile Phone

 GET STARTED TODAY

 *Your privacy is very important, we’ll never share your information. We may email you about special offers and upcoming events. The next page will show you exclusive offers and opportunities to get started.

 ## Frequently Asked Questions ### Most frequent questions and answers about our Children's Martial Arts Program Will My Child Become A Bully?

 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Do Parents Need To Stay?

 We don’t require parents to stay during classes. However, we do find that parents who get involved with their kids martial arts lessons, truly build a solid connection as they see their child grow in confidence and skill as they progress through their belt ranks. And building strong family units is important to us at Drysdale Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu for our Las Vegas community.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Lesson?

 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt.

 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Drysdale Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu in Las Vegas, Nevada have martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 My Child Has ADHD, Will Martial Arts Help?

 Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes, is that it’s an individual sport, done in a group environment. We find all our students improve in their focus, self control, discipline and social skills. But the best part is…. They don’t even realize that is what our highly trained Kids Martial Arts Instructors are actually doing. They just think they are having fun!

 The best way to find out for yourself, is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. Book in now! You will be glad you did!

 Are Parents Allowed to Watch?

 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!

 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 My Child Is Not Athletic, Will They Feel Left Out?

 Not at all. You will find that martial arts classes are the PERFECT sport for kids who are not good at sport. Kids martial arts classes really are an individual after school activity, that they do in a group.

 The journey from white belt to black belt is different for each student. But what is the same…. They improve co-ordination, balance, motor skills, focus and discipline. Plus, they makes lots of great friends!

 Our Instructors are highly skilled in teaching martial arts for kids. Really… It’s their PASSION!

 My Child Is Addicted To Computer Games, Will This Be Suitable?

 This is probably the BEST kids activity for children who sit a lot!

 Getting them active, without them realising they are learning, is our skill. Kicking and punching pads is such a great stress relief, that kids blossom in all areas – because of their martial arts training.

 Many parents find that once their kids start martial arts classes, they see a happier, more social child develop right before their eyes. You’ll be glad they started classes!

 ### Get Started Home About Us Blog
 ### In Person Classes Kids BJJ Adult BJJ Adult Boxing Open Mat (Kids and Adults)
 ### Social Links Rio Vista Shopping Center7135 W Ann Rd. #140, Las Vegas, NV 89130 (702) 483-4207 drysdalefightforus@gmail.com

 Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu provides Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Las Vegas, Nevada

 Copyright © Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu. All Rights Reserved

 Privacy Policy Terms Of Service
