---
source_url: https://fightforusjiujitsu.com/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes/
final_url: https://fightforusjiujitsu.com/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:30.079Z
---

# Get A FREE TRIAL of Life-Changing ADULT Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes MONDAY- FRIDAY
 7:00PM – 8:30PM

 FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW TO

 Get Your FREE TRIAL Pass Today!

 Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Form Δ
 Full Name

 Email Address

 Mobile Phone

 GET STARTED TODAY

 *Your privacy is very important, we’ll never share your information. We may email you about special offers and upcoming events. The next page will show you exclusive offers and opportunities to get started.

 ### Powerful Self-Defense Keeps You Safe.
 It’s not just a workout — it’s a life-saving skill. Learn how to protect yourself and your loved ones, even if an attacker is bigger and stronger than you.
 People all over Las Vegas turn to us for their Self-Defense training.

 ### Amaze Yourself With What You Can Accomplish.
 You can achieve so much more than you think. In Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, you will prove that to yourself. When you do, you’ll see that the sky is the limit. That’s what so many people in Las Vegas are finding out!

 ### Burn Fat. Build Lean Muscle. Fast.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will work your body in totally new ways. You’ll build muscles you never even knew you had.
 That’s what makes our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program so Powerful, You See RESULTS!

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 “Team Zenith!!! My kids and myself train here, I’ll take Jiu Jitsu training any day over cardio or gym(Personal Prefernce👍🏽). So on top of staying in shape, I’m always learning new things every single time I’m on the mat. Great people all around to train with. Having a great group and coach makes all the difference. I recommend coming and trying a class. Jiu Jitsu was my first encounter in any type of martial arts, and it’s been a great journey over the past five years. Looking forward to much more!”
 – Andrew Sanoja

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 “Drysdale Fight for us Jiu Jitsu/ Team Zenith is a family oriented gym, with phenomenal bjj instruction for both children and adults. It felt like family the first time I stepped foot into gym. Greg Kalteich (A Robert Drysdale black belt) is very welcoming, technical, knowledgeable, and willing to help individually. There are no egos which is a huge plus and unlike a lot of gyms, The mats are always clean! If your just In town visiting or live here full time, I highly recommend coming in and giving it a try! You won’t be disappointed.”
 – Dustin Chevalier

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 This gym is great! My kids and I all train here. We’ve been a part of the gym for about two years.
 Coach Greg is great with the kids and he fosters an atmosphere of teamwork and respect. The training is tough but the upper belts are always looking to pass on their knowledge to make the newer belts better.
 The facility is very clean and well kept.
 If you’re looking for a welcoming place to train, go check it out!
 -Matt Wittnam

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 My son (9) started at this location and absolutely loves it. He expressed interest in it at the beginning of the summer and so we gave it a try. I cannot believe how much he loves it. He never wants to miss a class. He enjoys the challenges presented to him and wants to advance. He adores his coach! The teaching is lighthearted and fun, but the expectations and standards are high. These kids learn so much from instructors that care. I love taking my son to this place.
 -Nathan & Lori Jayme

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 A great place to train and learn the art! Greg is a great instructor for both kids and adults. He is passionate and so very knowledgeable, a true family environment. You won’t be disappointed in trying this place out!“
 – Chris Knight

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 We joined the Fight For Us team about 1 year ago when my son’s (7yo) other BJJ gym didn’t reopen due to COVID. This was the BEST move we have made. Greg and Erin were so welcoming and supportive during our transition over and they’ve continued to be amazing to us since. We are super proud to be apart of this family that they’ve built!
 -Desiree D’Arienzo

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 I was very intimated to start training for jiu jitsu. Not only did I feel insecure being 38 years old and never doing a martial art before, but also being a woman in a predominantly male sport. Coach Greg, Adam, Ace, Ian, Janette…etc. the list goes on, were encouraging and supportive from the beginning. They want everyone to learn, train hard and not get injured. No shame in tapping! My son also attends the gym as well. He loves it and I see his self confidence growing. Erin makes everyone feel welcomed and is great to talk to about pretty much anything! So happy to have a second home at the gym!
 -Samantha Peckham

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 My son has been coming here to train for almost 3 years and the coaches and staff has been doing an amazing job teaching my son! He loves coming to train and learn!!! His strength, discipline, has been amazing and makes me proud!!!
 -Rita Sosa

 FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW TO

 Get Your FREE TRIAL Pass Today!

 Inline Form Δ
 Full Name

 Email Address

 Mobile Phone

 GET STARTED TODAY

 *Your privacy is very important, we’ll never share your information. We may email you about special offers and upcoming events. The next page will show you exclusive offers and opportunities to get started.

 ## Frequently Asked Questions ### Most frequent questions and answers about our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program Do I Need To Be Fit For This?

 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 I have no experience, what do I do?

 All of our classes are open to all skill levels, beginner through advanced. We focus on the fundamentals of jiujitsu, which are simply the most effective parts of the art. We also do a lot of specific drilling and training, which teaches you how to apply techniques and movements during a “live” roll.

 Do I have to compete?

 No, Competition is not for everyone. And, not all competitions are the same. It can be a good way for students to learn and test their skills, and strive for outstanding achievement. And it is important to be selective as to which competitions are entered. However, you will find that our experienced Instructors can create that type of learning environment within the class.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?

 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. To take advantage of our limited time offer…. The fastest way is to fill in form .

 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 Can women do Brazilian Jiujitsu?

 Absolutely! Women really find that the benefits of doing martial arts training in BJJ is that they learn to protect themselves against a bigger, stronger opponent. Something they never thought was possible. We think ALL women should know how to protect themselves, especially on the ground!

 Yes, initially some women find that the close training proximity might be a little uncomfortable. But don’t worry! We will ease you into it, and before long you will be feeling confident, powerful and really looking forward to you regular BJJ classes in Las Vegas, Nevada.

 ### Get Started Home About Us Blog
 ### In Person Classes Kids BJJ Adult BJJ Adult Boxing Open Mat (Kids and Adults)
 ### Social Links Rio Vista Shopping Center7135 W Ann Rd. #140, Las Vegas, NV 89130 (702) 483-4207 drysdalefightforus@gmail.com

 Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu provides Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Las Vegas, Nevada

 Copyright © Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu. All Rights Reserved

 Privacy Policy Terms Of Service
