---
source_url: https://fightforusjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://fightforusjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:30.735Z
---

# Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu ## WORLD CLASS JIU JITSU Find out why so many people in Las Vegas, NV are choosing Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu for their martial arts training. Parents just like you have discovered how to maximize their child's potential and accelerate their development!

 Request more information or Get Started Today with our Exclusive Online Only Offer!

 view our schedule
 and gain access to our exclusive web special
 Schedule Form Δ
 Full Name

 Email Address

 Mobile Phone

 Select A Program
 Select A Program Kids BJJ (Ages 3-6) Big Kids BJJ (Ages 7-12) Teen BJJ Adult Beginner BJJ Adult Advanced BJJ

 GET STARTED TODAY

 *Your privacy is very important, we’ll never share your information. We may email you about special offers and upcoming events. The next page will show you exclusive offers and opportunities to get started.

 ### Kids BJJ Monday- Friday
 6:00pm – 7:00pm

 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ### Adult BJJ Monday- Friday
 7:00pm – 8:30pm

 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ### Adult Boxing
 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ### Open Mat (Kids and Adults) Saturday 10:00am-11:30am

 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ## Why choose Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu?
 At Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu , everything we do from top to bottom is of the highest quality to ensure we’re equipped to help you reach your goals of a healthy and fit lifestyle.
 Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu is part of one of the Best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Teams in the world, Team Zenith. With BJJ being one of the fastest growing Martial Arts, it has great rewards for Kids and Adults both Male or Female.
 No matter what your goals are, whether it’s to get in shape, become a world Brazilian Jiu Jitsu champion, add to your MMA training, self-defense, or to just have a fun hobby and meet a bunch of great people then Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu is the place for you!

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 “Team Zenith!!! My kids and myself train here, I’ll take Jiu Jitsu training any day over cardio or gym(Personal Prefernce👍🏽). So on top of staying in shape, I’m always learning new things every single time I’m on the mat. Great people all around to train with. Having a great group and coach makes all the difference. I recommend coming and trying a class. Jiu Jitsu was my first encounter in any type of martial arts, and it’s been a great journey over the past five years. Looking forward to much more!”
 – Andrew Sanoja

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 “Fight for us Jiu Jitsu/ Team Zenith is a family oriented gym, with phenomenal bjj instruction for both children and adults. It felt like family the first time I stepped foot into gym. Greg Kalteich (A Robert Drysdale black belt) is very welcoming, technical, knowledgeable, and willing to help individually. There are no egos which is a huge plus and unlike a lot of gyms, The mats are always clean! If your just In town visiting or live here full time, I highly recommend coming in and giving it a try! You won’t be disappointed.”
 – Dustin Chevalier

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 This gym is great! My kids and I all train here. We’ve been a part of the gym for about two years.
 Coach Greg is great with the kids and he fosters an atmosphere of teamwork and respect. The training is tough but the upper belts are always looking to pass on their knowledge to make the newer belts better.
 The facility is very clean and well kept.
 If you’re looking for a welcoming place to train, go check it out!
 -Matt Wittnam

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 My son (9) started at this location and absolutely loves it. He expressed interest in it at the beginning of the summer and so we gave it a try. I cannot believe how much he loves it. He never wants to miss a class. He enjoys the challenges presented to him and wants to advance. He adores his coach! The teaching is lighthearted and fun, but the expectations and standards are high. These kids learn so much from instructors that care. I love taking my son to this place.
 -Nathan & Lori Jayme

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 A great place to train and learn the art! Greg is a great instructor for both kids and adults. He is passionate and so very knowledgeable, a true family environment. You won’t be disappointed in trying this place out!“
 – Chris Knight

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 We joined the Fight For Us team about 1 year ago when my son’s (7yo) other BJJ gym didn’t reopen due to COVID. This was the BEST move we have made. Greg and Erin were so welcoming and supportive during our transition over and they’ve continued to be amazing to us since. We are super proud to be apart of this family that they’ve built!
 -Desiree D’Arienzo

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 I was very intimated to start training for jiu jitsu. Not only did I feel insecure being 38 years old and never doing a martial art before, but also being a woman in a predominantly male sport. Coach Greg, Adam, Ace, Ian, Janette…etc. the list goes on, were encouraging and supportive from the beginning. They want everyone to learn, train hard and not get injured. No shame in tapping! My son also attends the gym as well. He loves it and I see his self confidence growing. Erin makes everyone feel welcomed and is great to talk to about pretty much anything! So happy to have a second home at the gym!
 -Samantha Peckham

 ★★★★★ 5/5

 My son has been coming here to train for almost 3 years and the coaches and staff has been doing an amazing job teaching my son! He loves coming to train and learn!!! His strength, discipline, has been amazing and makes me proud!!!
 -Rita Sosa

 ## About our programs ### Kids BJJ Monday- Friday
 5:30pm – 6:30pm

 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ### Adult BJJ Monday- Friday
 6:30pm – 8:00pm

 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ### Adult Boxing
 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ### Open Mat (Kids and Adults) Saturday 9:00am-10:30am

 - IN-PERSON CLASS AVAILABLE -
 LEARN MORE

 ## Frequently Asked Questions I'm not sure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for me, can I try a class before I sign up?

 Yes, absolutely! We encourage everyone new to the sport to try a week out for free to see if you like it.

 I don't own a gi, do I need to buy one before I try it out?

 No. You can simply wear some board shorts or workout clothes and a t-shirt to try it out. We also have a few clean loaner gi’s available as well!

 What should I wear or bring to my first class?

 You should arrive about 10 or 15 min early to your first class so you can meet our instructor, sign a waiver and get set up with a loaner gi. You should simply wear some comfortable athletic wear, such as some board shorts or workout shorts along with an athletic shirt (please make sure that you don’t have any zippers or buttons, as those can cut the mats and other people). Additionally, most people wear sandals as shoes are not allowed on the mats. Last but certainly not least, don’t forget to bring along some water as well!

 What should I expect in my first class?

 Each class begins with a warm-up, each is a little different, but you can expect some mobility movements, a light jog around the mat, some core exercises and other movement and stretching drills typically. We will then transition to learning some techniques, each week focuses on a specific position and theme, each day will progressively build that technique. The instructor will demonstrate and answer questions, you will then be paired up with a partner or group to drill the technique while the instructor makes adjustments and teaches in real time. The last part of class will be live “training” (often referred to as rolling) which is essentially sparring for grapplers. You may choose to sit out the first round, but when you are ready you will be paired up with an experienced partner to help guide you through the positions and process of this live training aspect.

 Is BJJ good for my child?

 Certainly! Jiu Jitsu emphasizes the use of leverage and technique over the use of size and strength. Your child will learn to defend themselves by utilizing techniques to subdue their opponent in a safe way without using of kicks or punches. Your child will learn better physical awareness, enjoy increased flexibility and coordination, as well as build on the mental aspects of their personality such as discipline, respect, confidence as well as building increased self esteem. All of the classes are taught in a positive and friendly manner to encourage a fun atmosphere that encourages the children to want to continue training! Bring the kids by for a free trial to see if they like it before you commit to signing them up.

 Do you offer self defense classes?

 While the majority of our training is focused on sport Jiu Jitsu, the self defense aspects cannot be ignored. A quick search of the internet on the application of BJJ for self defense will show a myriad of options to apply the technique. One thing can be certain, you will spar in our classes and apply the techniques in a controlled environment to ensure that you are grasping the techniques!

 What is a Gi and where do I get one?

 A jiu jitsu gi (or kimono) is the two piece uniform that you wear when training jiu jitsu. The material is quite heavy and often reinforced in many places to withstand the rigors of training. We carry some assortment of Gi’s available for purchase in the gym. We can order Gi’s and just about any size and color from a variety of top manufacturers such as Venum and CK Fight Life, with a very rapid turn around and very affordable pricing.

 What is the etiquette while in class?

 Some basic and generalized guidelines while training:
 - Keep a clean and tidy uniform. - Respect everyone. Especially your instructors and teammates. - Check the ego and attitude at the door. - Be on time for class. - Don’t be overly aggressive while training. Manage your output to match your opponents size and strength. - No shoes on the mats. - Keep up proper grooming (don’t forget to trim your fingernails and toenails)

 ### Get Started Home About Us Blog
 ### In Person Classes Kids BJJ Adult BJJ Adult Boxing Open Mat (Kids and Adults)
 ### Social Links Rio Vista Shopping Center7135 W Ann Rd. #140, Las Vegas, NV 89130 (702) 483-4207 drysdalefightforus@gmail.com

 Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu provides Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Las Vegas, Nevada

 Copyright © Fight For Us Jiu Jitsu. All Rights Reserved

 Privacy Policy Terms Of Service
