---
source_url: http://www.groundstonebjj.com
final_url: https://www.groundstonebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:55.846Z
---

#### Groundstone Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### 1031 Old Folkstone rdSneads Ferry, NC 28460 #### (910) 581-8576

 Free Trial
 Free Trial

 Class Schedule
 Class Schedule

 ### Where Warriors Are Forged — And Family Is Built At Groundstone Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we train with intensity and purpose. As North Carolina’s only Fredson Paixão Affiliate Academy, we hold the line on technical excellence, discipline, and relentless improvement.
 On these mats, we push each other to be stronger, sharper, and tougher every single day.
 But strength means nothing without loyalty.
 We are a team that stands together — competitors, beginners, and families alike — united by respect, accountability, and a shared commitment to growth. When you step through our doors, you’re not just joining a gym.
 You’re joining a brotherhood. A sisterhood. A family that fights for each other.
 Train hard. Stay humble. Kindly Remove Your EGO.

 The hardest part is stepping on the mats!

 New adult members are welcome to walk in for a trial class at any time.
 All new youth students must schedule their trial class in advance.
 Please note: The interest form must be completed with the participant’s full information prior to attending class.

 Youth & Adult Free Trial Forms

 “Kindly Remove Your EGO”

 BJJ teaches humility by shedding ego. It's a transformative art of self defense and self awareness, impacting lives on and off the mats. Join us in building a supportive community that values motivation, acceptance, and adaptation.
