---
source_url: https://www.daimyoacademy.com
final_url: https://www.daimyoacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:21.493Z
---

## About Daimyo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 At Daimyo BJJ, we provide a safe, clean, and welcoming environment for people of all ages and skill levels.
 Led by Manuel Flores and Brenda Soto, Daimyo is recognized as one of the top Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academies in Arizona for
 both gi and no-gi training, as well as kickboxing and women’s BJJ.
 We’ve hand-selected a team of dedicated and experienced instructors to help you achieve your goals, whether that’s competing,
 learning self-defense, making new friends, or reaching your fitness milestones. Our academy is widely considered the best place in Arizona to train, whether you’re a competitor or a hobbyist.
 Our students are fortunate to learn directly from some of the most experienced and passionate coaches around,
 a nd we’ve tailored our schedule to offer classes that fit a variety of needs.
 At Daimyo, you’ll train in the most professional Jiu-Jitsu facility around, surrounded by a supportive community that’s here to help you grow.

 About Us

 ## BJJ & Kickboxing Programs
 Daimyo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Kickboxing programs are designed by world class instructors. With a program for students at all levels, we are proud to bring BJJ and now a kickboxing and muay thai training program to the Tucson community.

 ### Adult & Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 View Adult BJJ Program
 Whether you’re aiming for the podium or simply looking to build confidence and resilience, our BJJ program, led by world-class Jiu Jitsu instructors, will meet you where you are and help you grow beyond what you thought possible.

 ### Youth & Adult Kickboxing & Muay Thai
 View Kickboxing Program
 Our kickboxing program offers both kids and adults a truly authentic training experience. Students will engage in dynamic, challenging, and fun training sessions that mirror the way real fighters train, but in a safe and controlled environment.

 ### Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Tiny Warriors
 View Youth BJJ Program
 Our youth Jiu Jitsu coaches are dedicated to mentoring each child, helping them navigate both physical and mental challenges. We aim to develop honorable, independent students who become leaders on and off the mats.

 Contact Daimyo BJJ
 ## Contact Us
 ###### Daimyo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 9290 N Thornydale Rd #104
 Tucson, AZ, United States, Arizona 85741
 View on Google Maps →
 Tel: +1 520-225-7855
 Email: daimyoacademy@live.com

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
