---
source_url: https://www.kugtarmma.com/programs
final_url: https://www.kugtarmma.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:50.116Z
---

## PROGRAMS
 ###### We tailor classes for men, women, and children, regardless of age or experience.
 ##### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting with the goal of gaining a dominant position and using joint-locks and chokeholds to force an opponent to submit.

 ## KICKBOXING Kickboxing is known as aerobic or cardiovascular (cardio) kick boxing. It combines elements of boxing, martial arts, and aerobics to provide overall physical conditioning and toning. Unlike other types of kick boxing , cardio kick boxing does not involve physical contact between competitors - it's a cardiovascular workout to improve balance, flexibility, coordination, and endurance
 ##
 ##### MUAY THAI Muay Thai, translated into English as Thai Boxing, is the national sport of Thailand. Muay Thai is known as "King of the Ring" in kickboxing circles. These fights feature punches, kicks, elbows, knees, standing grappling and head-butts to wear down and knock out their opponent Thai training methods develop devastating power, speed and superb cardio-vascular endurance as well as fighting spirit.

 ##### LITTLE DRAGONS TSD The Little Dragons Tang Soo Do program is perfect for your 3-6 year olds. All classes are fun yet productive to ensure that your children learn much more than just punching and kicking. This program offers an age appropriate curriculum that develops focus, teamwork, discipline, fitness, memory, coordination, control and balance.

 ##### TANG SOO DO (TSD) Tang Soo Do “The Way of The China Hand" is a traditional Korean martial art. TSD teaches mental and physical training which involves the application of coordinated agility, dynamic mobility, power,whole body endurance, flexibility and special awareness to complex bodymovements. These include stances, patterns (forms), breathing exercises, self defense, hand and foot techniques, sparring and free fighting.

 ##### MIXED MARTIAL ARTS Mixed martial arts (MMA) is a recently emerged combat sport in which a wide variety of fighting techniques are used, including striking and grappling. MMA competitions implemented additional rules for the safety of the athletes and to promote acceptance of the sport, while maintaining as much of the original no-holds-barred concept as possible.
