---
source_url: http://www.billcho.com
final_url: https://www.billcho.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:12.870Z
---

## Reach your full potential with Bill Cho's United Taekwondo!
 # CONFIDENCE
 ## SELF-ESTEEM
 ## Leadership

 ##### Come see what Bill Cho's Taekwondo is all about!
 Select a Program

 GET STARTED TODAY!
 Thanks for submitting!

 ## Select a program

 Programs
 #### Little Tigers

 Does your child need a structured, engaging, fun and supportive activity? Little Tigers is perfect for ages 3-5!

 View Program

 #### Kid's Program

 How do you help your kids become the best they can be? Our kid's program will help them succeed!

 View Program

 #### Teen Program

 How do we empower our teens to become confident, caring, young adults? Our teen program helps shape them into tomorrow's leaders!

 View Program

 #### Family Program

 Why choose Taekwondo as your family activity? We help families grow strong together!

 View Program

 #### Adult Program

 Finding the motivation to work out can be challenging. Our fun, empowering work outs will change up your boring routine and keep you coming back!

 View Program

 #### Member Programs

 Are you looking for focused training in a specific area? Our Club Member Programs provide specialized training in a variety of areas.

 View Programs

 PURPOSE OF BILL CHO'S UNITED TAEKWONDO CENTER
 ​
 ​
 Bill Cho's United Taekwondo Center is committed to providing the highest quality martial arts instruction; empowering our students with valuable skills for daily life, and contributing to a safe and peaceful community. Taekwondo can be a fun, educational and healthy way for students to not only keep physically fit, but to learn respect and how to understand and resolve conflicts peacefully.
 ​
 Though Taekwondo is translated to "Kicking, Punching, Way of Life"; it is the latter, the "Way of Life", that we at Bill Cho's United Taekwondo Center hold in a much higher regard. More important than any technique or skill that we will teach our students, are the life skills such as respect, self-control, positive attitude, focus and discipline.
 With these life skills as a foundation for our training, we give our students the ability to reach their full potential, and help them succeed in any endeavor they may choose to take on.
 ​
 ​
 ​

 About

 ## Heading 2
 ## Grand Master ## Bill Cho
 I'm a paragraph. Click here to add your own text and edit me. It's easy.

 Grand Master Bill Cho had humble beginnings; starting instruction with a local park district to share his love of Taekwondo with others. His passion was evident to the parents, and with his determination and their help, he was soon on his way to realizing the dream of opening up his own school in St. Charles, IL.
 Today, 34 years later, Bill Cho’s United Taekwondo Center is a living, breathing testament to his passion, and his desire to share and ignite that passion in others. Grand Master Cho has expanded his ability to train and develop his students with the opening of additional schools in Roselle, IL, and in Samdo Beijing, China.
 Grand Master Cho has developed a curriculum that is taught around the world. His teaching and training focuses not only on the skill techniques, but on the personal development of his students. Respect, positive attitude, perseverance and leadership are just some of the characteristics that are developed in his students.
 Training in Taekwondo is a journey. Grand Master Cho and his students believe that this journey does not end with a black belt. With this accomplishment, the journey has a new beginning. With 180 students achieving their black belts each year, and over 80% continuing their training to higher levels; Grand Master Cho’s passion lives on in his students. We invite you to be a part of that passion!
 ​

 ## building tomorrow's leaders
 "Excellence is never an accident; it is the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction, skillful execution and the vision to see obstacles as opportunities"

 DISCIPLINE

 SELF- CONTROL

 CONFIDENCE

 STRENGTH

 RESPECT

 FOCUS

 Testimonials
 ## testimonials
 ##### Absolutely amazing. Everything from the masters to the students shows a positive, fun and respectful environment. Can't wait for my youngest to be old enough to learn there
 CJ Morgan

 ##### We are so thrilled with Bill Cho’s UTC. Our daughters, ages 4 and 6 love attending classes. The masters, students and families are wonderful and we are so happy to make classes a regular part of our week.
 Molly Spring

 ##### I am very impressed with Bill Cho's. They pay attention and acknowledged every fear/issue my son had with so much compassion, respect and dedication. Highly recommended!!!
 Deina Morgan Jagus

 ###### Bill Cho's United Taekwondo Center
 2000 W Main Street
 St. Charles, IL 60174
 ​
 Tel: 630-513-5433
 info@billcho.com

 - -

 ###### Questions?
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 Contact
