---
source_url: https://nextlevelmartialartsgym.com/schedule/
final_url: https://nextlevelmartialartsgym.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:11.342Z
---

# Class Schedule ##### Take the first step toward growth, confidence, and skill development. Explore our flexible schedule and discover the right class for you! Our diverse weekly martial arts class schedule in Tigard offers something for everyone with programs ranging from traditional Gi and dynamic No-Gi Jiu Jitsu to Thai Boxing, as well as Strength & Conditioning sessions. Designed to accommodate students of all skill levels, we welcome beginners discovering the art for the first time and advanced practitioners refining their technique.

 #### Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness ### Current Class SChedule
 ** By Approval of Instructor

 Click a program to filter:
 Please Select A Day

 Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday Adults BJJ5:00 – 6:00 am | Adults BJJ5:00 – 6:00 am | Adults BJJ5:00 – 6:00 am | Adults No-Gi BJJ5:00 – 6:00 am | Adults BJJ5:00 – 6:00 am | Kids BJJ10:00 – 10:55 am | | | Drilling**11:30 am – 12:30 pm | | | Members Only Open Mat11:00 am – 1:00 pm | Kids BJJ4:30 – 5:25 pm | Kids BJJ4:30 – 5:25 pm | Kids BJJ4:30 – 5:25 pm | Kids No-Gi BJJ4:30 – 5:25 pm | Kids BJJ4:30 – 5:25 pm | | Adults BJJ5:30 – 6:30 pm | Adults BJJ5:30 – 6:30 pm | Adults BJJ5:30 – 6:30 pm | Adults No-Gi BJJ5:30 – 6:30 pm | Adults BJJ5:30 – 6:30 pm | | Adults BJJ6:30 – 7:30 pm | Adults BJJ6:30 – 7:30 pm | Adults BJJ6:30 – 7:30 pm | Adults No-Gi BJJ6:30 – 7:30 pm | Drilling**6:30 – 7:30 pm | | Strength & Conditioning6:30 – 7:30 pm | Strength & Conditioning6:30 – 7:30 pm | Strength & Conditioning6:30 – 7:30 pm | | Strength & Conditioning6:30 – 7:30 pm | | Thai Boxing/Striking Class7:30 – 8:30 pm | | Thai Boxing/Striking Class7:30 – 8:30 pm | | Thai Boxing/Striking Class7:30 – 8:30 pm | |

 Download Schedule

 #### Benefits of Our Class Schedule ### Explore Classes Tailored To Our Students
 ##### At Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness, we understand the importance of finding a training schedule that works for you. Our dedicated instructors are passionate about helping every student grow, adapt, and achieve their goals. With a variety of class options and times, we make it easy for anyone to join in and start their martial arts journey.

 #### Options for All Levels Classes designed to match your current skill level and progression whether you are a beginner, intermediate, or advanced.

 #### Gi and No-Gi Sessions Learn diverse techniques across both traditional and modern styles of Jiu Jitsu.

 #### Flexible Timing A range of class times designed to fit your busy lifestyle.

 ## Contact Us Today! Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness welcomes everyone in Tigard and those in the surrounding communities including the Portland Metropolitan Area, Lake Oswego, Beaverton and Tualatin. We are located to the west of Interstate 5 on SW 74th Avenue!

 ## Free Trial Book your free trial today and take the first step toward unlocking your potential!

 Get Started Today ##### Experience More With a Free Trial ×
 Free Trial
