---
source_url: https://nextlevelmartialartsgym.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
final_url: https://nextlevelmartialartsgym.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:12.236Z
---

# Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Thai Boxing in Tigard ##### Book your free trial today and take the first step toward unlocking your potential!
 Get Started Today

 ##### Experience More With a Free Trial ×
 Free Trial

 #### Welcome To Our ### Martial Arts School
 Welcome to Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness in Tigard, Oregon where good people attract good people! Our family-oriented martial arts school for kids and adults provides a safe and supportive environment for students to work toward a black belt while learning lessons to become a black belt in their daily lives. Students come in and find a place to improve confidence, awareness, resilience, and physical and mental strength. Our instructors and curriculum allow anyone to learn martial arts and self-defense through the healthy rigors of training. Join one of our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Thai Boxing or Strength & Conditioning classes today—you’ll find that the real product we sell is not martial arts, but about the person you can become here!

 ## Free Trial Book your free trial today and take the first step toward unlocking your potential!

 Get Started Today ##### Experience More With a Free Trial ×
 Free Trial

 ### Programs

 ### Special Offers

 ### Schedule

 #### Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness ### About This School

 #### About Our School Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness prioritizes each student’s individual progress. We provide extensive one-on-one attention for the best experience possible. No matter your learning style, our variety of instructors from various walks of life show unique approaches while remaining in the same curriculum. We always keep with our principles of commitment, respect, discipline, and fortitude. This includes our daily discussions on the values and principles about being an impactful citizen in the world and community. With us you’ll learn that the difficult situations you find yourself in with an opponent on the mat will correlate directly to real life. Join us as we work with you toward your true potential!
 #### Our History Co-owner Jared George has been invested in Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness since 2012. After six years of teaching, Jared fulfilled his aspirations and aquired the academy in 2018. Jared has dedicated himself to improving the academy every day, shifting the focus from trophies and fighters to building a family-like community and values. He’s done that by establishing a safe and supportive environment and surrounded himself with complimentary individuals, including co-owner Bryan Vandergriff. They work daily to pass down Jared’s 25 years of Jiu Jitsu experience, including his greatest lesson: live with a set of values and principles, your pathway may not always be easy but it will always be simple to follow.

 ### Discover the Pillars of Our Martial Arts Training
 ##### Martial arts training is about more than just learning techniques—it’s a transformative journey that builds character, resilience, and well-being. At Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness, we focus on principles like self-improvement, community, real-life lessons, patience, health, and goals to guide students toward success on and off the mat. These values shape every aspect of our training, helping students grow into confident, capable individuals. Explore each of these pillars in more detail to see how they enhance your martial arts journey and enrich your daily life.

 ##### Self-Improvement Students can join us at any skill level and find personal achievement and growth as they go through the rigors of training. Each student can come in and find themselves on the path to a black belt in the academy and in life.

 ##### Community Our main goal is to continue to maintain the strong culture we’ve built together through strong values. We strive to provide an environment where people from all walks of life feel safe and supported.

 ##### Real-Life Lessons Nothing translates more to the real world than martial arts. We make sure to tie every on-the-mat lesson to a lesson for real life.

 ##### Patience There is no rushed process for progress with us. Whatever pace you want to take that works for you and your growth is what we’ll follow for you step-by-step.

 ##### Health Martial arts movement is medicine for our minds, bodies, and souls. When we commit to regular movement, we are creating longevity in our bodies.

 ##### Goals We stay objective-based during all our training. We focus on students succeeding and improving in who they are, not who we think they should be.

 ## Class Schedule Take the first step toward growth, confidence, and skill development. Explore our flexible schedule and discover the right class for you!

 View Schedule

 #### Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness ### Students In Action

 ## Free Trial Book your free trial today and take the first step toward unlocking your potential!

 Get Started Today ##### Experience More With a Free Trial ×
 Free Trial

 #### ### What Our Students Are Saying
 I’ve also started consistently strength and conditioning training thanks to the programs at the gym, and I’ve been able to make friends and meet a great community.
 ##### Kaitlin G. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google

 In addition to the great people, the facility is clean and offers a small weight room if you’re looking to use a squat rack, bench, free weights, kettlebells, battle ropes, and more.
 ##### A.B. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google

 Teammates and coaches really support both which I think is very special but also helps me feel like I can have longevity here as an adult athlete.
 ##### Carrie W. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google

 ## Contact Us Today! Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness welcomes everyone in Tigard and those in the surrounding communities including the Portland Metropolitan Area, Lake Oswego, Beaverton and Tualatin. We are located to the west of Interstate 5 on SW 74th Avenue!

 ## Military, Veterans, and First Responders As a thank-you for your service, Next Level Martial Arts & Fitness offers a 10% DISCOUNT on memberships.

 Get Started Today ##### Honoring Service With a 10% Discount ×
