---
source_url: http://www.chulavistajiujitsuclub.com
final_url: https://chulavistajiujitsuclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:42.043Z
---

# Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club

 Explore the dynamic world of martial arts with Jiu Jitsu, Muai Thai, and Wrestling, all essential for effective self-defense. If you're looking for bjj in Chula Vista, or specifically Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Chula Vista, you'll find excellent training options. Many practitioners are asking, 'Where to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista?' and our programs cater to all skill levels. Additionally, our Womens self defense Jiu Jitsu Chula Vista classes empower women with the skills needed for personal safety.

 Join Now

 For those interested in finding out where to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista, you can reach us at +1.619.934.5995 . Whether you're looking for BJJ in Chula Vista, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes, or specialized women's self-defense Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista, we have the right program for you.

 # Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club

 Explore the dynamic world of martial arts with Jiu Jitsu, Muai Thai, and Wrestling, all essential for effective self-defense. If you're looking for bjj in Chula Vista, or specifically Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Chula Vista, you'll find excellent training options. Many practitioners are asking, 'Where to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista?' and our programs cater to all skill levels. Additionally, our Womens self defense Jiu Jitsu Chula Vista classes empower women with the skills needed for personal safety.

 Join Now

 For those interested in finding out where to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista, you can reach us at +1.619.934.5995 . Whether you're looking for BJJ in Chula Vista, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes, or specialized women's self-defense Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista, we have the right program for you.

 ## About Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu #### Our Mission Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu's mission is to pursue mastery of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu through discipline, humility, and continuous growth — both on and off the mats. Our focus is not only on creating skilled BJJ practitioners in Chula Vista but also on developing resilient individuals who embrace challenges, respect all levels, and uplift the community around them. In every roll, we strive to sharpen the body, fortify the mind, and honor the art of Jiu Jitsu. Whether you’re looking for where to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista or seeking women's self-defense Jiu Jitsu classes, our academy offers a supportive environment. Jiu Jitsu is not just a sport; it’s a way of life.

 ## Video #### Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu Club Come see the Hype for yourself

 ## Gallery

 ## Contact Us

 #### Better yet, see us in person! If you have more questions about BJJ in Chula Vista or where to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista, just drop us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible, whether you're interested in Chula Vista Jiu Jitsu or women's self-defense Jiu Jitsu in Chula Vista.

 #### info@chulavistajiujitsuclub.com 315 1/2 3rd Avenue Chula Vista, CA 91910
 (619) 934.5995

 #### Hours Today | By Appointment |

 Get in Touch! #### Get in Touch! Email*

 Attach Files

 Attachments (0)

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 ## Social

 ## Join Our Mailing List Get 10% off your first purchase when you sign up for our newsletter!
 Email

 Sign up

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
