---
source_url: http://www.tritownbjjacademy.com
final_url: https://tritownbjjacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:55.857Z
---

# Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Get in shape, build confidence, change your life Contact Us
 Pause Video

 #### Welcome! ## Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Your Journey Starts Today – If you’re looking to flip your fitness routine upside down, look no further. At Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we believe that anyone is capable of success. The art of BJJ is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind too. Our program will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment. Come visit our BJJ school north of Glendale on East Colfax in Denver and get started today!

 ## New Special Offer Please sign up for our new special offer!

 Special Offers

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## About Us At Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students, and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Here at Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Discipline The art of Jiu Jitsu is built on self-discipline. Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will help you reach your goals, teach you to work hard, and share skills that will last you a lifetime.

 ##### Self-Defense Our Jiu-Jitsu classes will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ##### Family Here at Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, our community is like no other. We aim to create a safe space for our students – where mistakes are welcomed, growth is guaranteed, and instructors are bound to become mentors.

 ##### Confidence Our classes will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ##### Strength At Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 ##### Lots of Fun! Don’t get us wrong, mastering a martial art is hard. But above everything else, it’s fun! Nothing is as fulfilling as perfecting a technique or acing a sparring combination and being cheered on by your instructor and classmates.

 #####

 #### Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ## Testimonials

 ## Gallery

 ### Contact Us Today! Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (720) 899-1128
 ttbjja@gmail.com
 4926 E Colfax Ave, Denver, CO 80220
 Get Directions

 ### Tri-Town Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 4926 E Colfax Ave, Denver, CO 80220
 Get Directions

 ## New Special Offer Please sign up for our new special offer!

 Special Offers
