---
source_url: http://www.legionmmaaz.com/classes
final_url: https://www.legionmmaaz.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:12.923Z
---

## Your Journey Starts Here

 We offer an unpretentious and results-oriented community that’s invested in your goals and success. Check your ego at the door and get ready to sweat! We have classes for people of all skill levels, so don’t be intimated to come on in.

 ## Classes

 Sign Up for Your Free Week Trial
 Sign Up for Your Free Week Trial

 #### Boxing Our Boxing class focuses on footwork, head movement and defense in order to turn our students into crafty and slick combination punchers. USA Boxing Certified, Legion MMA’s boxing program offers opportunities for newcomers, amateurs and Pros.

 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu A martial arts focusing on grappling and ground fighting, our Jiu Jitsu class teaches that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger assailant by applying joint-locks and chokeholds.

 #### Cardio & Conditioning An Intense 1,000 Calorie-Burning Workout designed to tone the body and build endurance. Whether you’re a beginner or tenured fighter, our Boxing and Kickboxing Cardio classes are the perfect challenge.

 #### Kickboxing & Muay Thai Muay Thai kickboxing is a form of martial art utilizing stand up striking and various clinch and striking techniques. Our Kickboxing classes works a variety of both traditional Kickboxing techniques with knees and elbows of Muay Thai in the mix.

 #### MMA A mixture of stand-up and ground combat, this class molds striking, takedowns and ground control into one solid package. Learn to dominate your opponent through means of self defense, or in the cage as a competitor.

 #### Youth Bully Proof Program Our Youth Classes are a mixture of cardio/conditioning to promote a healthy physical lifestyle, and Jiu Jitsu to build the fundamentals for self-defense. This class is designed to instill confidence and safety in our youths.
