---
source_url: http://www.legionmmaaz.com
final_url: https://www.legionmmaaz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:13.077Z
---

# We Breed Champions
 #### Welcome to the neighborhood’s toughest gym.

 ## Classes

 ### Boxing

 ### Kickboxing

 ### Jiu Jitsu

 ### MMA

 See Full Schedule and All Classes
 See Full Schedule and All Classes

 About the Gym
 We pride ourselves on being one of the Top Combat and Fitness Academies in the entire valley. With multiple championships and victories in Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, MMA and Jiu Jitsu, Legion MMA sets itself apart from the masses by being a top tier training facility with a strong family and community bond. Our goal is simply to help you achieve yours. Whether you want to build confidence, lose weight, learn self-defense or compete as an amateur or professional fighter, Legion MMA is where you want to be.

 # Book Your Free Week Trial!

 We’d love for you to come by and check us out. Lets get you set up with a FREE WEEK , so you can try our classes and experience for yourself why we’re the perfect fit for you!

 Schedule Your First Class
 Schedule Your First Class

 Scroll and See What’s New with Legion MMA

 - Legion MMA is now a Proud Registered Club with USA Boxing!! - Another successful Spartan Weekend for @legionmmaaz 's own @trouble_trubl - 3-0 Night for Team Legion MMA! @bport4 , Devin Tran, and @_fightjameson - @muhammadalim1 wins his Pro Debut via 1st Round KO!!! - @quemayhemturrey Wins via Unanimous Decision!! - @aidenthefuture Wins via Submission (Arm in Guillotine) in the 2nd Round!! - Legion MMA and Team Spider. Always happy to do our part.

 Follow Us on Instagram

 ## “There is nothing impossible tohim who will try.” — Alexander the Great
