---
source_url: http://www.fightsportscharlotte.com
final_url: https://ocelot-algae-j9kd.squarespace.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.841Z
---

## Dashboard Click images for more information

 ## Welcome, to Fight Sports

 #### A world class school for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 We believe Jiu Jitsu is a tool for developing human potential.
 We believe the lessons and benefits learned on the mat transcend into your everyday life and ultimately help you become the best version of yourself.

 At Fight Sports, Jiu Jitsu is a way of life that will positively impact you as well as those around you. In addition to learning a skill proven to be one of the most effective methods of self defense, Jiu Jitsu is also a great way to get into, and stay in shape. Jiu Jitsu places you in a community of like minded people with the same goal of bettering themselves.

 ## Meet the Professor: ## Daniel Druker

 ### Daniel Druker started Jiu-Jitsu relatively late in life, at the age of 32 after excelling in stand-up martial arts since childhood and holding black-belts in four other (stand-up) martial arts.
 Daniel had his first encounter with Jiu-Jitsu while training and fighting in Japan circa year 2000 after 20 years of competing and teaching stand-up martial arts around the world. With this unique experience and perspective he then realized Jiu-Jitsu was the most effective form of hand-to-hand combat and self-defense. At that time he decided to focus solely on learning the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Back in the USA Daniel started training under Master Roberto “Cyborg” Abreu at Fight Sports Miami, Florida. Thirteen years later Daniel received his black belt and now profoundly understands the benefit of BJJ as the most effective martial art, but more important – as a tool of self discovery and improvement outside the mats.
 Now, after more than 20 years under Master Cyborg’s wing, and being a World-Champion, as well as Pan-Am and ADCC Open champion (Masters Division), Daniel has decided that his mission is to spread the knowledge and benefits of BJJ.
 Daniel moved to Charlotte, North Carolina to be the Head Coach of the newly opened Fight Sports Charlotte, the first Fight Sports academy in the Carolinas.
