---
source_url: http://www.starstudiokarate.com
final_url: https://starstudiokarate.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:05.682Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 # ELEVATE YOUR LIFE IN SOUTH BELOIT WITH OUR PREMIER MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING! - Cultivate Lifelong Physical Fitness Habits
 - Empower Goal Setting and Achievement
 - Empower Goal Setting and Achievement

 ### 🥋STAR STUDIO KARATE SPECIAL OFFER 🥋 1 FREE WEEK OF TRAINING ### 👉 What's Included: ### 1 Week of Elite Training with a FREE uniform. Offer is applicable for NEW students only. Extra bonus if you sign up! (Family Discounts available)

 ### 👥 Who Can Benefit: ### Adults: Whether you're a beginner or an experienced martial artist, this offer is for you! Enhance your skills, build strength, and boost your confidence. ### Youth: Introduce your child to the world of martial arts! Our youth programs promote discipline, self-esteem, and physical fitness in a fun and supportive environment.

 ### 📞 CONTACT US TODAY TO GET STARTED: (815) 389-4418

 Book Now

 ## North American Grand Nationals 2026! The North American Grand Nationals is a prominent martial arts tournament that brings together practitioners from various disciplines to compete and showcase their skills. This annual event is well-regarded within the martial arts community, offering competitions in forms, weapons, and sparring across different age and rank categories. Held in Janesville, Wisconsin , the tournament is open to participants from all martial arts schools, fostering a competitive yet sportsmanlike atmosphere!

 CLICK HERE FOR MORE INFORMATION
 Secure Your First Class
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## sign up now and get started! ####

 ## LET'S FIND THE RIGHT PROGRAM FOR YOU Kids and Teens Martial Arts (Ages 5 and up)

 Adult Martial Arts

 Tae kwon do and Karate

 CMX
