---
source_url: http://www.chosacademy.com/youth-jiujitsu
final_url: https://www.chosacademy.com/youth-jiujitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.037Z
---

## JIUJITSU FOR KIDS Youth Jiu Jitsu - Ages 6 or 7 to Preteen

 SCHEDULE
 All Levels: Mon, Tue & Thu — 530pm
 Two teachers manage mixed levels
 Add-ons:
 Thu MMA-Based Self-Defense — 4pm
 *Teens train with adults
 Getting started is easy. First class is always free. Contact us for details and scheduling.
 ............................................
 Our Youth Jiujitsu classes are taught by 3rd Degree Jiujitsu Black Belt, Jason Bukich, 1st Degree Jiujitsu Black Belt belt, Adrian Anorve, and Jiujitsu Brown Belt, Jacob Cho.
 Our program offers a healthy balance of character development, physical education and skills training. The bar is set high as we believe in cultivating confidence and maximizing individual potential. Self-defense is a core component but we believe in and encourage a non-violent resolution to conflict when possible.
 Children have fun, but at the same time are challenged to work hard, persevere and ultimately achieve goals. Self-respect and self-confidence come from the truth of consistent earnest efforts, and the skills that are acquired as a result of those efforts.

 contact US NOW TO SCHEDULE YOUR CHILD'S FREE CLASS!

 ### WHAT IS JIU JITSU Jiu Jitsu (Jujutsu) literally translates as the gentle art and focuses largely on grappling and ground fighting (wrestling). Jiu Jitsu utilizes leverage and technique to control position and apply submissions. It's modern day roots can be traced back to early Judo from Japan. The art was significantly transformed in Brazil, and somewhat redefined by the Gracie family in the early 1900s. Jiu Jitsu is an effective and practical method of self-defense.
 Our Youth Jiu Jitsu curriculum also includes Bully Defense and some rudimentary striking. Character development is a core component of our system. Contact us to learn more.

 ### BENEFITS AT-A-GLANCE: INTEGRITY -- we consistently reinforce the necessity and value of recognizing and honoring what is right
 RESPECT -- all of what we do is done with respect; self-respect, respect for others and respect for nature
 SELF-DISCIPLINE -- we teach children to manage their conduct and make wise choices
 SELF-CONFIDENCE -- we use challenge and positive reinforcement to build self-confidence
 FOCUS & CONCENTRATION -- we use drills to develop focus, concentration levels and listening skills
 MODESTY -- we provide an environment that encourages actions rather than words
 GOOD MANNERS -- we emphasize the importance of understanding and using good behavior
 HARD WORK & DETERMINATION -- we teach children the high value of hard work and to be committed
 PERSEVERANCE & NON-QUITTING SPIRIT -- we reinforce never giving up when it is for the highest good
 RESPONSIBILITY -- we hold children responsible for their actions and teach to learn from mistakes
 GOAL-SETTING -- we use several methods to develop and reinforce the practice of setting goals
 LEADERSHIP SKILLS -- we develop leaders by giving them leadership roles and mentoring this process
 FITNESS -- we communicate the importance of living a healthy lifestyle and respecting the body
 ACADEMICS -- the aforementioned will collectively cultivate higher academic success
 SELF-DEFENSE -- we teach practical self-defense and enforce repetition so the skills are ingrained
 PHYSICAL BENEFITS -- increased strength, flexibility, coordination, balance, speed, endurance, motor-skill function, body awareness, breath control, weight management & overall physical fitness
 A COMPETITIVE OUTLET -- The marital arts offer many organized competition types for almost all ages and skill levels (beginner to Olympians)
 COMPLEMENTARY TO SPORTS -- The martial arts will complement and enhance performance of all other sports

 contacT US NOW TO SCHEDULE YOUR CHILD'S FREE CLASS!

 Trial classes are by appointment only.
