---
source_url: http://www.chosacademy.com/beginner-workshops
final_url: https://www.chosacademy.com/beginner-workshops
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.171Z
---

## A perfect intro to jiu jitsu & SELF-DEFENSE! ### Next session startS 3/31/26INTERNET PROMO: SAVE $50!!

 What is Jiu Jitsu and what makes it so special? Sign up and find out!
 Learn simple and effective self-defense techniques in a setting specifically designed for beginners.
 Classes are fun, rewarding and we've completely eliminated the risk for injury!

 “The workshop is amazing. Professor Jason is such a humble person. Great balance of teaching and practice.” - Omid, Actual Participant

 TEXT NOW

 Call Now

 ## MORE DETAILS, EMAIL HERE

 ## NEXT SESSION STARTS MARCH 31st! ### >> INTERNET PROMO, SAVE $50!!! Course includes 10 classes, a free academy t-shirt and a hefty discount off your first month of ongoing training should you decide to continue!
 NEW-YEAR SESSIONS
 - STARTS MARCH 31st 2026 - 5 Weeks, 2x Per Week, Tuesdays & Thursdays, 1-Hr - Taught by Professor Jason Bukich, 3rd Degree JJ Black Belt & Former MMA Pro - Class Times: 1230pm or 730pm - FILL OUT THE ABOVE FORM FOR MORE INFO AND TO REGISTER - Don’t Wait, Start Now!

 ## WHY JIU JITSU - To learn one of the most effective systems of self-defense - To stay fit, have fun and learn a skill while doing so - To relieve stress and improve your overall mental state - To experience a sense of camaraderie by being part of the team

 ## WHY A 5-WEEK BEGINNER COURSE - So you, the beginner, feel completely comfortable getting started - So you, stay safe, injury free and receive a crash-course in fundamentals specific for a beginner - So you have enough time to soak in the experience and decide whether this is something for you (we believe it is)

 ## TESTIMONIALS “I learned a lot in one hour about balance, clinching, and falling and woke up really sore today. I'm bummed I missed the first two classes.” - Jeff, Actual Participant
 “I am really liking it. Jason and Adrian are doing a great job of packaging the training in a way that suits the wide variety of people (ages, athleticism, etc) in the room. I also think they are progressing nicely from the fundamentals to some hands-on training.” - Jim, Actual Participant
 “I am really enjoying the classes so far. I came into this with no experience and I already feel that I’ve gained a lot of knowledge and training in a short period of time.” - Blake, Actual Participant

 ## Jiu Jitsu Jiu Jitsu (Jujutsu) literally translates as the gentle art and focuses largely on grappling and ground fighting. Jiu Jitsu utilizes leverage and technique to control position and apply submissions. It's modern day roots can be traced back to early Judo from Japan. The art was significantly transformed in Brazil, and somewhat redefined by the Gracie family in the early 1900s. The art continues to evolve with practitioners and contributors now spanning the globe.
 Jiu Jitsu is an effective and practical method of self-defense.

 ## MARTIAL ARTS SELF-DEFENSE
 Learn how to defend yourself and loved ones. Our classes teach you how to handle situations from a standing position and on the ground.
 BUILD YOURSELF UP PHYSICALLY
 Develop strength, flexibility, motor skills, coordination, balance, speed and so much more. Maintain your health and appearance while having fun and learning a skill. Break through barriers and make gains.
 BUILD YOURSELF UP MENTALLY
 Cultivate confidence, discipline, focus, awareness, commitment, grit and determination. Let go of stress, worries and fear. Set and achieve your goals.
 CONNECT SPIRITUALLY
 Utilize practices that strip away distraction and offer you the opportunity to experience stillness and peace of mind.

 TEXT NOW

 CALL NOW
