---
source_url: http://www.chosacademy.com
final_url: https://www.chosacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.314Z
---

“ “I’ve trained in countless Martial Art schools over the past 30 years and have met many instructors. Jacob Cho is without question the most dedicated instructor I’ve ever had the pleasure of working with. His passion for teaching, technical skill, and obvious love for his students is inspirational.” ” — Jason Bukich, Former MMA Pro, 3rd Degree Jiu Jitsu Black Belt, Former LBHS Wrestling Assistant Coach

 ## ADULT & teen CLASSES ### click the images to learn more

 ADULT BEGINNER WORKSHOPS

 ADULT KICKBOXING, MUAY THAI & TKD

 ADULT BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU & WRESTLING

 WOMEN’S SELF-DEFENSE

 ## YOUTH CLASSES ### click the images to learn more

 LIL' PANTHERS

 (3.5 to 6 or 7)

 YOUTH TAEKWONDO

 (6 to 11)

 YOUTH JIUJITSU

 (7 to 11)

 KID’S MMA-BASED SELF-DEFENSE

 (7 to 11)

 CONTACT US NOW TO SCHEDULE YOUR FREE CLASS!

 Located in and proudly serving Laguna Beach since 2009. We're committed to enriching our community through multiple disciplines, including but not limited to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Tae Kwon Do, Self Defense Workshops & Fitness Bootcamp.
 We offer expert instruction from teachers with decades of experience. We are consistently involved in giving back and supporting charitable causes, local and beyond.
 Please stop in for a visit.
 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
 Getting started is easy. Locals & visitors welcome. Your first class is always free!

 Our facility is family-friendly and outfitted with all that's needed for martial arts training. The floors are matted which is safe for kids, perfect for striking and grappling, and offers comfortable support for stretch, recovery and meditation. For your convenience, we carry martial art uniforms and supplies.
 We're just across the street from beautiful Wood's Cove beach in Laguna Beach (between Diamond & Center streets). Laguna Beach is located in south Orange County with easy access from Newport Beach, Dana Point, Laguna Niguel, Laguna Hills, San Clemente, Huntington Beach, Irvine and other local cities.

 Email Address

 Sign Up

 We respect your privacy and never share your information with anyone.

 Thank you!
