---
source_url: http://lotusacademymedford.com/coaching
final_url: https://www.lotusacademymedford.com/coaching
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:58.711Z
---

## FAQs

 #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that centers on grappling and ground fighting. It prioritizes leverage and technique to control and submit opponents, making it highly effective for both self-defense and competition.
 #### Which class should I start with? We recommend that you start by dropping into one of our fundamentals classes, which are geared toward helping white belts build a strong foundation.
 #### What should I wear to my first class? For your first class, you can wear comfortable athletic clothing regardless of class. If you continue training, you’ll need a gi (uniform).

 #### Do I need any prior experience to start training? No previous experience is required. Our classes are tailored to suit all skill levels, whether you're a complete beginner or an advanced practitioner. Lotus Academy students range from a diverse backgrounds, from D1 collegiate wrestlers, to long-time BJJ practitioners, to beginners with no prior experience.
 #### Is there a trial class available? We offer a free trial class for new students to experience our training environment and meet our instructors. You can send us a message via the website form, give us a call, or simply walk in. Please be sure to arrive 10 minutes prior to the scheduled class start time.
 #### Where is Lotus academy located? We are located at 259 E Barnett Rd, Medford, OR in the WinCo Foods parking lot.
