---
source_url: http://lotusacademymedford.com
final_url: https://www.lotusacademymedford.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:59.109Z
---

Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for life

 Train at the longest standing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy in Southern Oregon

 Founded in 2005 in Medford, Oregon, Lotus Academy has become a cornerstone of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in the Rogue Valley. Our school is led by Pete Loncarevich, a 6th-degree black belt under the legendary UFC veteran Grandmaster Joe Moreira. With over 30 years of coaching experience, Pete has dedicated his life to not only mastering the art of BJJ but also sharing his knowledge and passion with students of all ages and skill levels. Whether you're looking to train for competition, self-defense, or personal growth, our classes offer a supportive and challenging environment to help you reach your goals. At Lotus Academy, we believe in the power of Jiu-Jitsu to transform lives, build confidence, and foster a strong sense of community.

 “The principles of Jiu Jitsu can be applied to every endeavor in life. You have to stay calm when you are in bad situations. You need to cover and conceal your intent with other maneuvers. You need to utilize the simplest and most efficient methods. You need to prioritize your focus of effort. You need to train until you trust yourself to move intuitively, without having to think. You need to move at the right time. You have to defend critical areas. You should not attack your enemy’s strongpoints. You must utilize leverage. You cannot let your emotions drive your decisions. You have to establish a good base foundation to build upon. You cannot be overly aggressive, but you can’t just allow things to happen. When you make a move, you have to believe in what you are doing. You have to be mentally strong. You have to keep an open mind. You have to continuously learn new techniques while always reinforcing the fundamentals. You have to adapt your plan if circumstances change.”

 ― Rickson Gracie, Breathe: A Life in Flow

 - "This is first rate Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy. Professor Pete is an excellent instructor who has a gift for sharing the virtues of this martial art form with students of all ages." Michael - "Best jiu jitsu in the valley! Professor Pete is easy to learn from and has a deep understanding of technique. The athletes here are the friendliest group of killers you’ll ever meet! I Started out at lotus academy brand new to grappling, within 3 months I started competing regularly and winning gold medals. Within 8 months of pete helping me sharpen my skills I earned a blue belt. Trained here for about 2 years total then I had to move away. One things for sure, I’ll definitely be back! I guarantee you won’t find anything quite like what Pete offers anywhere else." Reed - "February 2023, I hit rock bottom with depression. 38 years old and no real direction in life. I decided I HAVE to try Jiu Jitsu. I sought out the best. I found Pete Loncarevich and Lotus and along with it, an amazing group of people. I'm now 40 and feel physically and mentally healthier than ever. I feel more confident and self assured. I have even signed up my 10 year old son. I'm an awkward guy, I know I am. I'm not inherently athletic. But that does not matter here. If you're serious about learning Jiu Jitsu, come on. Bring it. You're welcome here. It's fun! It's more than just a business or school. I love Lotus and these people are my friends." Dustin
