---
source_url: http://nolabjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://nolabjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.715Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in New Orleans ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Nola Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in New Orleans! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in New Orleans will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will:
 - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Nola Jiu Jitsu Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## START YOUR BJJ JOURNEY WITH US TODAY! Request information

 Super welcoming gym. Walked In with my stuff and was allowed to train. Super great structure of the class as well. Learned a ton from the coaches here. People were super friendly and great training partners. Will definitely be back!

 Visited this gym while in town. They were very welcoming. The team is really nice. I watched some of there in house tournament which was pretty cool.

 I had a great time escaping conference life and doing a drop-in at NOLA BJJ. Their main facility off Magazine St is located in an old fire station with awesome brick walls and lots of character. Professors Matthias, Caroline, and Marshall ran exceptional classes and extremely welcoming during my visit. Since I typically pack light for my work travel, they even let me borrow a gi for practice. Our gyms share a similar vibe and I very much look forward to seeing them again when I’m back in town.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
