---
source_url: http://nolabjj.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://nolabjj.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.058Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in New Orleans ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Nola Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women's Jiu Jitsu Classes At Nola Jiu Jitsu, we get it. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a close-combat style that can be uncomfortable in mixed company or if you're just getting started.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across New Orleans and Uptown New Orleans a chance to train with confidence in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes. Build your skills one step at a time a get in a great workout that will help you see incredible results.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get more information now!

 ## What's Include in our Women's Jiu Jitsu Class? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know.
 Our Women's Jiu Jitsu classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 Join us in New Orleans and learn:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position
 ## And Unlike at your Big Box Gym, Our Workouts are Never Dull or Boring Think about it. At most gyms, you do the same thing over and over. Maybe you rotate three workouts each week. Maybe you just waste away on the treadmill.
 Either way, you're not challenging your body and you're certainly not keeping your mind motivated.
 But with our Women's Jiu Jitsu Classes, no two workouts are the same. Each week, we're challenging you with a new skill or situation. And you're constantly pushing yourself to be faster, stronger, and more efficient than you were last class.
 At Nola Jiu Jitsu, you can work harder than ever before without even realizing how much your body is getting out of each class.
 In no time, you'll enjoy:
 - Sustainable fat burn and improved heart health - Lean muscle gains and total-body strength - Improved speed, mobility, and athleticism - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 ## Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have Something for Everyone in New Orleans and Uptown New Orleans! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Nola Jiu Jitsu and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across New Orleans and Uptown New Orleans.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get more information now!

 ## START YOUR BJJ JOURNEY WITH US TODAY! Request information

 Super welcoming gym. Walked In with my stuff and was allowed to train. Super great structure of the class as well. Learned a ton from the coaches here. People were super friendly and great training partners. Will definitely be back!

 Visited this gym while in town. They were very welcoming. The team is really nice. I watched some of there in house tournament which was pretty cool.

 I had a great time escaping conference life and doing a drop-in at NOLA BJJ. Their main facility off Magazine St is located in an old fire station with awesome brick walls and lots of character. Professors Matthias, Caroline, and Marshall ran exceptional classes and extremely welcoming during my visit. Since I typically pack light for my work travel, they even let me borrow a gi for practice. Our gyms share a similar vibe and I very much look forward to seeing them again when I’m back in town.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
