---
source_url: http://nolabjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://nolabjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.337Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in New Orleans ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Nola Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With New Orleans Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes! Here at Nola Jiu Jitsu, we're proud to offer kids from New Orleans the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts classes, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Martial Arts Classes Offer? Our Kids BJJ classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Nola Jiu Jitsu isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 We offer classes divided into two specialized age groups:
 - Ages 4 to 6: A fun and engaging introduction to Jiu Jitsu, focusing on movement, coordination, listening skills, and basic self-defense concepts in a structured yet playful environment. - Ages 7 to 12: A more structured program that builds a strong foundation in Jiu Jitsu techniques while emphasizing discipline, confidence, goal-setting, and real-world self-defense skills.
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to green belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 Join us in New Orleans for Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child:
 - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids BJJ class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try New Orleans' Favorite Kids BJJ Program Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all backgrounds, ages 4 to 6 and ages 7 to 12. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around New Orleans and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Nola Jiu Jitsu and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more!
 Get more information now!

 ## START YOUR BJJ JOURNEY WITH US TODAY! Request information

 Super welcoming gym. Walked In with my stuff and was allowed to train. Super great structure of the class as well. Learned a ton from the coaches here. People were super friendly and great training partners. Will definitely be back!

 Visited this gym while in town. They were very welcoming. The team is really nice. I watched some of there in house tournament which was pretty cool.

 I had a great time escaping conference life and doing a drop-in at NOLA BJJ. Their main facility off Magazine St is located in an old fire station with awesome brick walls and lots of character. Professors Matthias, Caroline, and Marshall ran exceptional classes and extremely welcoming during my visit. Since I typically pack light for my work travel, they even let me borrow a gi for practice. Our gyms share a similar vibe and I very much look forward to seeing them again when I’m back in town.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
