---
source_url: http://ultimatecombat.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://ultimatecombat.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:22.096Z
---

# BJJ Classes In Salt Lake City ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Ultimate Combat Training Center. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes Are Perfect For All Experience Levels Challenge your body and your mind today with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes at Ultimate Combat Training Center in Salt Lake City. Designed around the teachings of 12-time BJJ world champion Caio Terra, these classes truly offer the highest quality instruction around.
 Whether you're looking for real-world self-defense, a competitive way to train, or just a fun new sport that will get you in great shape, we've got you covered!
 ## Learn Every Aspect Of BJJ And Stay Prepared For Any Situation At Ultimate Combat Training Center, our BJJ classes teach you how to overcome opponents of all shapes and sizes. This incredible discipline takes strength out of the equation and instead teaches fighters how to use leverage and technique to come out on top.
 From day one, you'll learn the most effective strategies for:
 - Throws and takedowns - Ground grappling and leverage - Chokes, holds, and joint locks - Submission and control tactics
 ## PLUS, You'll Walk Away In The Best Shape Of Your Life This total-body self-defense system offers so much more than just protection. With our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program, you can build muscles you never knew you had on the path to better fitness and health.
 Our instructors at Ultimate Combat Training Center work with students of all ages and experience levels. Each class can be catered to your unique skill set, helping you get the most out of every single class without risking injury or overuse.
 Join us today and enjoy:
 - Lean, toned muscle gain - Boosted cardiovascular health - Improved speed and agility - Sustainable weight loss
 ## ## ## Take On The Art Of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu In Salt Lake City Today! If you're looking for a change, we've got the answer. Our BJJ Classes at Ultimate Combat Training Center can help you get in great shape, learn the best real-world self-defense skills, and even prepare for high-level competitions in no time!
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about everything we have to offer in South Salt Lake City!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Salt Lake City's Premier Martial Arts & Fitness Gym Request information

 Great place to get in shape, train and learn mixed martial arts. Staff are awesome, informative and motivating people. I really enjoy all the different types of classes they offer throughout the day. Whatever my schedule is, I can find a class to attend and enjoy. Keep it up all!!

 Mike Stidham is an amazing person, he is motivating, and helpful. I wish he'd open a location down here in Southern Utah since his location in Salt Lake is the best Utah has. I will always recommend his business. Plus it is centrally located so it is easy to get from any part of the Salt Lake Valley.

 So far I’ve only taken kickboxing and boxing and love both! All the instructors are awesome! All classes are for everyone regardless of fitness level. Just come and do your best! Very inviting gym! Love it!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
