---
source_url: http://mdrnjj.com/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://mdrnjj.com/program/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:05.601Z
---

# Learn to Fight and Defend Yourself in a Fun Setting Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and fighting technique that is designed to help people of any size defend themselves. It’s also a terrific way to tone and firm your body and reap the health benefits of martial arts.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ARE YOU DEALING WITH
 ## ANY OF THESE TROUBLES?
 Do you want to lose weight and tone your muscles?

 Do you want to feel prepared to defend yourself if you need to?

 Are you ready to feel new levels of self-confidence and pride?

 TRY SOMETHING DIFFERENT FROM THE SAME OLD ROUTINE
 ## GETTING IN SHAPE IS IMPORTANT FOR PEOPLE OF ALL AGES AND SIZES Studying martial arts provides you with a physical challenge combined with a mental one – and teaches you to defend yourself, too.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique form of martial arts that teaches students to leverage their body weight to use in the ring or against an attacker. A descendant of Judo, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is both a sport and a martial art – and it’s fun to learn.

 ## RESULTS AND GROWTH WITH EVERY CLASS! Studying Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can help you get in the best shape of your life. It’s a great way to lose weight, tone your muscles, and learn the key things you need to know to be able to defend yourself – even against an opponent who’s larger than you are.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU BUILDS MUSCLE AND MAXIMIZES PHYSICAL FITNESS Brazilian Jiu Jitsu provides an intense, full-body workout that’s the perfect way to lose weight, increase your muscle mass, and get into great shape.
 By combining cardiovascular training with toning and training, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu students push their bodies hard and learn what they are capable of.
 It’s a great way to burn calories in a fun and supportive setting that encourages all students to do their best.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU TEACHES PRACTICAL SELF-DEFENSE TECHNIQUES The thought of having to defend yourself against a bigger, stronger assailant might be scary, but Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is designed to help you overcome your fears.
 By teaching students to take the fight to the ground where they can use chokeholds and other effective techniques to defend themselves, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu helps leverage even a small body into a huge problem for an attacker.
 Best of all, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu builds strength and agility, both of which help in self-defense situations.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU STUDENTS WALK WITH CONFIDENCE AND PRIDE There’s no feeling quite like the feeling of knowing that your body is strong, agile, and able to do whatever you want it to do.
 Studying Brazilian Jiu Jitsu gives students the knowledge that they can leverage their body’s strength to accomplish things they never thought possible.
 Over time, it increases self-confidence and pride – and that carries over to work, home, and every area of your personal life.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU COMPETITIONS PROVIDE A UNIQUE CHALLENGE Students who have a natural competitive drive love Brazilian Jiu Jitsu because it’s a sport as well as a self-defense method.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu requires students to spar and fight in class. They can also choose to compete to prove their ability or to advance to new levels of achievement.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitions help students set goals and work toward them – and to relish the experience of victory.

 Casey Pena Inviting and positive staff. I'm new to town and haven't trained in 6months. everyone welcomed me in, made me feel welcomed and made sure I was understanding what was happening. Modern is a great academy which really wants you to learn.

 Ben Leal Best gym in the area and amazing staff and coaches.
 Love the atmosphere here ! Super awesome people. You won’t regret joining ??

 Melissa Farmer Schutte The coaches work great with you, and the team is so supportive. Everyone helps each other succeed!

 Amanda Rodriguez Great staff, awesome place!

 Daniel Lugar I was in town visiting and tried this place out and really enjoyed it! The people treat you like one of their own! The quality of technique drills and training partners are great!

 Diego Gutierrez Very friendly community and awesome coaching staff!

 Dani Flores Great school, even better instructor. Very welcoming environment, coming from another school I didn’t know if I’d feel at home, but once I stepped onto the mat everything just fell into place.

 Daniel Martinez Jr Had a great first experience especially being new to jiu jitsu. Will be coming back!

 Joaquin Cordero Modern is a amazing school with good people and if you have a weakness in a position they will make you practice until it becomes your strongest position.

 Isabel Cordero I just love this place. My kids and husband have been coming here for a month, and there's a real sense of community and camaraderie here. Everyone gets along, and everyone seems focused on helping everyone learn. From day one, everyone has been very welcoming and helpful. Professor Manny and his coaches are amazing, I love that they take time to help my boys improve their technique daily. And, if your looking for a great competition team this is the place to be! Thank you Modern BJJ!

 Valerie Bramble Awesome place to train! Super welcoming environment especially for a first timer!

 Sheriff Raghavan I dropped in for a workout at Modern Jiu-Jitsu during a trip to McAllen, TX. I was greeted at the door and was immediately treated like part of the Modern Jiu-Jitsu family. The environment was clean, friendly, and professional. The techniques taught in class were explained in detail, realistic, and was easily added to my game. I could easily see all of the students at Modern BJJ were highly technical and great partners to have during the sparring time at the end of class. I will be back to learn more every time I am in McAllen. Thanks Professor Martinez for a great workout and sharpening my game.

 Trey Herrera Amazing place to train and very clean! Everyone is family there!

 Joe Jacinto This gym has great instructors. Very fun, friendly, and positive environment. I would definitely recommend this gym to everyone. Great for kids as well!!

 Max Garza Great atmosphere, extraordinary technique and the facility is always extra clean. It’s more than just a gym, it’s a family ❤️

 Jonathan Wheeler Modern BJJ is THE place to train in south Texas! Emmanuel Martinez is a highly skilled competitor and excellent instructor. The gym is always clean and packed with talented students willing to help the next person in line grow to meet their goals as a competitor or student.
 Highly recommend training under the Modern BJJ lights!

 Raymond W. First and foremost solid instructional from Manny Martinez. Able to easily convey techniques to novices and higher belts alike. Very good at tweaking your game of having problems drilling or during live rolls. California cool look to the academy think AOJ. Great mat etiquette followed. Attention to detail including cleanliness on mat and off such as restrooms. Developing kids class with zero bullying tolerated. I'm very pleased. Next evolution of what already was the best Jiu Jitsu facility in the RGV. Massive mat space over 2k square feet. No beams or support to watch out form. Great parking and location central to surrounding community. Showers and separate change rooms and restrooms ideal. Welcoming lounge area and sign up area for new members. Staff and instruction friendly, welcoming and high quality. Variety of reasonably priced beverages before and after training including coffee and espresso for the older members.
 Great future ahead of you if you undertake the journey.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## FAQs
 Do I need to know jiu-jitsu or Judo to study Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, you don’t. There are beginner classes available and many of the people who study Brazilian Jiu Jitsu have no prior martial arts training.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help me defend myself?
 Absolutely. It’s one of the world’s most effective self-defense techniques and is often preferred because it teaches students to leverage their body weight to defeat larger opponents.

 Do I need any special equipment to study Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Students typically wear a Gi (two-piece garment worn by martial artists.) It is also typical for some students may want to wear a mouth guard. It’s a good idea to have a supply of athletic tape, as well.

 Will taking Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes help me lose weight?
 It can, particularly if you combine Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes with a healthy diet and lifestyle. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu provides a great, full-body workout that burns calories, builds muscles, and boosts the metabolism.

 As a beginner, do I need to spar?
 No. Beginner classes focus on teaching basic techniques and safety, and you can then work your way up to controlled sparring in class.

 ## MORE BENEFITS
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training relieves stress and anxiety and increases mental well-being.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu helps build strength, flexibility, and endurance.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu improves cardiovascular fitness and overall health.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu strengthens the mind-body connection, improves concentration, and encourages discipline and goal-setting.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
