---
source_url: http://mdrnjj.com/
final_url: https://mdrnjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:06.469Z
---

# REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH MODERN JIU-JITSU ACADEMY We at Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Little Kids (Ages 6-7) Tiny Kids (Ages 4 – 5) Kids Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 8 – 10) Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Teen Jiu-Jitsu (11+) -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors priority.

 DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE
 ## BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as impart valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KIDS MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Jonathan Wheeler Modern BJJ is THE place to train in south Texas! Emmanuel Martinez is a highly skilled competitor and excellent instructor. The gym is always clean and packed with talented students willing to help the next person in line grow to meet their goals as a competitor or student.
 Highly recommend training under the Modern BJJ lights!

 Ben Leal Best gym in the area and amazing staff and coaches.
 Love the atmosphere here ! Super awesome people. You won’t regret joining ??

 Belinda Repassy Modern is by far the best gym you can bring your child and/or self to! The instructor to class ratio is great and the black belt is always in class to train everyone from the newest member to the most advanced. I strongly recommend training here!!

 Amanda Rodriguez Great staff, awesome place!

 Matthew Lopez Great coaching staff and their attention to details is the best.

 Marielee Torres My 5 year old loves it! He’s always looking forward to go practice. Clean and friendly environment! Great coaching as well.

 Joe Jacinto This gym has great instructors. Very fun, friendly, and positive environment. I would definitely recommend this gym to everyone. Great for kids as well!!

 Casey Pena Inviting and positive staff. I'm new to town and haven't trained in 6months. everyone welcomed me in, made me feel welcomed and made sure I was understanding what was happening. Modern is a great academy which really wants you to learn.

 Dani Flores Great school, even better instructor. Very welcoming environment, coming from another school I didn’t know if I’d feel at home, but once I stepped onto the mat everything just fell into place.

 Brian Repassy The hands on training with the kids is awesome. The ratio to coaches to kids is good, so the kids get more attention on learning the different moves. I recommend modern 100% for anyone.

 Isabel Cordero I just love this place. My kids and husband have been coming here for a month, and there's a real sense of community and camaraderie here. Everyone gets along, and everyone seems focused on helping everyone learn. From day one, everyone has been very welcoming and helpful. Professor Manny and his coaches are amazing, I love that they take time to help my boys improve their technique daily. And, if your looking for a great competition team this is the place to be! Thank you Modern BJJ!

 Diego Gutierrez Very friendly community and awesome coaching staff!

 Joaquin Cordero Modern is a amazing school with good people and if you have a weakness in a position they will make you practice until it becomes your strongest position.

 Rene Gomez After my kids have tried numerous sports, they fell in love with jiu jitsu and the great hospitality at modern!!!! Great training , motivation booster, and best of all self defense !!!! Hands down best academy in the entire valley !!!!!

 Sheriff Raghavan I dropped in for a workout at Modern Jiu-Jitsu during a trip to McAllen, TX. I was greeted at the door and was immediately treated like part of the Modern Jiu-Jitsu family. The environment was clean, friendly, and professional. The techniques taught in class were explained in detail, realistic, and was easily added to my game. I could easily see all of the students at Modern BJJ were highly technical and great partners to have during the sparring time at the end of class. I will be back to learn more every time I am in McAllen. Thanks Professor Martinez for a great workout and sharpening my game.

 Raymond W. First and foremost solid instructional from Manny Martinez. Able to easily convey techniques to novices and higher belts alike. Very good at tweaking your game of having problems drilling or during live rolls. California cool look to the academy think AOJ. Great mat etiquette followed. Attention to detail including cleanliness on mat and off such as restrooms. Developing kids class with zero bullying tolerated. I'm very pleased. Next evolution of what already was the best Jiu Jitsu facility in the RGV. Massive mat space over 2k square feet. No beams or support to watch out form. Great parking and location central to surrounding community. Showers and separate change rooms and restrooms ideal. Welcoming lounge area and sign up area for new members. Staff and instruction friendly, welcoming and high quality. Variety of reasonably priced beverages before and after training including coffee and espresso for the older members.
 Great future ahead of you if you undertake the journey.

 Daniel Martinez Jr Had a great first experience especially being new to jiu jitsu. Will be coming back!

 Daniel Lugar I was in town visiting and tried this place out and really enjoyed it! The people treat you like one of their own! The quality of technique drills and training partners are great!

 Trey Herrera Amazing place to train and very clean! Everyone is family there!

 Valerie Bramble Awesome place to train! Super welcoming environment especially for a first timer!

 Melissa Farmer Schutte The coaches work great with you, and the team is so supportive. Everyone helps each other succeed!

 Max Garza Great atmosphere, extraordinary technique and the facility is always extra clean. It’s more than just a gym, it’s a family ❤️

 PUSH YOUR BODY TO ITS PEAK
 ## BUILD MUSCLE & MAXIMIZE PHYSICAL FITNESS Are you looking for an intense, full-body workout that helps you lose weight, increases your muscle mass, and teaches you self-defense moves?
 By combining cardiovascular training with toning and training, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu students push their bodies hard and learn what they are capable of.
 VIEW OUR ADULT BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAM

 GET STARTED
 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Tiny Kids (Ages 4 – 5)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Little Kids (Ages 6-7)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Kids Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 8 – 10)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen Jiu-Jitsu (11+)
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with BJJ!
 View Program

 Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with BJJ!
 View Program
