---
source_url: http://mdrnjj.com/kids-martial-arts/
final_url: https://mdrnjj.com/program/kids-martial-arts/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:08.414Z
---

# Give Your Kids the Lifelong Gifts of Personal Success, Confidence, Discipline and Self-Defense Martial arts classes normally makes you think of self-defense, being strong, fit and safe. The truth is, it’s all that and WAY more!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 A few words from
 ## Emmanuel Martinez I’m Emmanuel Martinez, Owner here at TX .
 As a martial arts instructor with extensive experience training kids, there is nothing better than seeing them grow firsthand.
 But more important than the martial arts skills they learn… is the personal skills they develop and carry for life.
 Because martial arts is so much more than just kicking and punching, and getting the next colorful belt.
 It’s about developing confidence, discipline, character, focus and respect.
 With every class we teach, your kids are growing in mind , body and character .
 That’s because martial arts provides instant positive feedback. Through learning to focus on the core moves, they develop discipline and respect. They can instantly see and feel a difference, making them destined to build confidence, self-awareness and self-respect.
 And of course it’s a ton of FUN!
 That’s why I love teaching martial arts to kids in this community, and why I know your kids are going to LOVE training.
 So please have a look below to find out exactly how your kids can benefit from our fun martial arts classes.
 Thanks!

 DOES YOUR CHILD HAVE
 ## Any of these challenges?
 They are great kids but they just don’t listen, often being told to do something a hundred times before they actually do anything.

 They’re bright and intelligent, yet have trouble paying attention at home, in school or in any important situation, even being classified as an “ADD” or “ADHD” child.

 They are simply shy and lack the confidence and self-esteem needed to live up to their full potential.

 ## THE DIFFICULTIES OF RAISING CHILDREN ARE NEAR ENDLESS There really is a safe, natural and extremely effective way to take charge and positively impact every aspect of your child’s life. It doesn’t take medicine, therapy, harsh actions, or cajoling your kids to change their behavior. Instead, it is teaching your kids self-discipline, hard work, confidence, and respect. This done in a way that empowers them while also teaching them humility, and promoting health and fitness… all at the same time.
 Sounds like a wonder cure doesn’t it?
 But there really is something that does all that. And that’s the power of martial arts classes .

 ## YOUR CHILD WILL GROW WITH EVERY CLASS! Children are like sponges. They absorb things quickly and easily – far more easily than we do as adults. In fact, parents can sometimes see a difference in their kids after just one martial arts class. Each additional class they attend increases their knowledge and growth.
 Not only are they getting healthier as they learn martial arts, they’re also learning the value of self-discipline and respect. When you enroll your child in a martial arts class, you’re giving them much more than the physical skills we teach. You’re giving them the opportunity to thrive.

 ## LIFELONG CHARACTER AND SUCCESS TRAITS Your kids’ everyday friends aren’t the main concern anymore when it comes to character development. Now you have to worry about all the negative and harmful influences that the internet can introduce into your children’s lives.
 The true benefit or our classes are the character and success traits that are developed through martial arts training.
 Through learning the skills and techniques of martial arts, to the guidance and inspiration of our instructors and the positive social interaction with their fellow classmates, your kids will develop a whole list of skills.

 ## FITNESS DISGUISED Face it. Between the foods we eat and the constant sitting and staring into screens and devices, many kids aren’t getting enough regular exercise.
 Our martial arts classes for kids are full exercise routines disguised as a boatload of fun! That’s because they are jam packed with activities, games and drills that are all designed to disguise the repetition of training.
 Of course it’s important for your kids to exercise and wear themselves out – they stay healthy, sleep well, and develop their minds and bodies. But just as important, our classes will help develop at a young age the physical habits they need to grow into healthy adults.

 ## SELF-DEFENSE FROM PREDATORS AND BULLIES We never want our kids to have to use these skills in modern life, but every good parent still wants their kids to be safe.
 That’s why our martial arts training is very serious about teaching your kids the skills needed for self-protection in any circumstance, from the neighborhood bully to a stranger on the street (and so much more).
 But knowing how to defend oneself is only half the battle. Our classes teach your child the respect and self-discipline needed to diffuse a situation without violence whenever possible – as well as the knowledge to know when force is the only way to safety.

 ## TONS OF F-U-N !! We never forget… kids are kids and they deserve to have some fun!
 We can’t guarantee that their normal school teachers are making learning an enjoyable experience, but we DO guarantee that your kid will have a blast in our martial arts classes.
 It really is a challenge to design a class that keeps children focused on learning, respect, and discipline while still having fun… but our classes are created just for that. They are so full of ideas, activities, and games that your kids will never get bored or stagnate.
 It’s also a fantastic and healthy environment for them (and you) to make friends with other like-minded students. It really is a place where laughter, cheer and happiness abound.

 Rene Gomez After my kids have tried numerous sports, they fell in love with jiu jitsu and the great hospitality at modern!!!! Great training , motivation booster, and best of all self defense !!!! Hands down best academy in the entire valley !!!!!

 Belinda Repassy Modern is by far the best gym you can bring your child and/or self to! The instructor to class ratio is great and the black belt is always in class to train everyone from the newest member to the most advanced. I strongly recommend training here!!

 Isabel Cordero I just love this place. My kids and husband have been coming here for a month, and there's a real sense of community and camaraderie here. Everyone gets along, and everyone seems focused on helping everyone learn. From day one, everyone has been very welcoming and helpful. Professor Manny and his coaches are amazing, I love that they take time to help my boys improve their technique daily. And, if your looking for a great competition team this is the place to be! Thank you Modern BJJ!

 Brian Repassy The hands on training with the kids is awesome. The ratio to coaches to kids is good, so the kids get more attention on learning the different moves. I recommend modern 100% for anyone.

 Joe Jacinto This gym has great instructors. Very fun, friendly, and positive environment. I would definitely recommend this gym to everyone. Great for kids as well!!

 Diego Gutierrez Very friendly community and awesome coaching staff!

 Amanda Rodriguez Great staff, awesome place!

 Matthew Lopez Great coaching staff and their attention to details is the best.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## FAQs
 My child is out of control. Can martial arts help?
 Yes. Self-control is essential to the study of martial arts, and our students learn that they must be the masters of their actions and emotions.

 What skills will my child learn to help themselves do better in school?
 Martial arts training teaches focus, discipline, self-control, and respect. These traits help children let go of petty grievances and learn to pay attention to the things that are most important to their future success.

 I don’t want my child getting into fights. Won’t martial arts make them want to fight?
 No. Martial arts has its roots in self-defense, but we teach children that violence is not the answer to their problems.

 My child isn’t physically coordinated. Will they get hurt?
 No. Our instructors are experienced working with children of all abilities and ages. Your child will learn at a pace that is comfortable for them, and in environment that puts their physical safety first.

 My child hates sports – won’t they hate martial arts too?
 Some kids who come to us are resistant at first, but martial arts instruction is both fun and active. Many kids think that martial artists are cool and that can help them stick with it even if it’s hard at first.

 Can martial arts help my child have faith in their abilities?
 Yes. Kids who study martial arts learn that hard and persistent work pays off. Each small success helps children believe in themselves and have faith they can achieve their next goal.

 ## More Benefits
 Martial arts classes get kids off the couch into a setting where they can learn their bodies’ capabilities.

 Learning martial arts builds physical stamina and strength, two key components of physical fitness.

 An intense martial arts workout can burn 600 calories or more, helping kids drop excess weight.

 Martial arts training increases muscle mass – and muscle burns more calories than fat and accelerates weight loss.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Modern Jiu-Jitsu Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
