---
source_url: http://302bjj.com/classes
final_url: https://www.302bjj.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:02.491Z
---

# Our Classes

 ## Fundamentals of BJJ

 This class is offered at both of our locations with owner Bill Walters. Here you will learn the beginning fundamentals and mechanics of Jiu Jitsu with your peers. These are the building blocks of the art, and while this class is often filled with white and blue belts, you will also see upper belts in the class for refreshers before a competition, fight, if they’ve taken time off, or just as good practice.

 ## BJJ Kids Class

 This class is also available at both locations, but each location is set up for different ages. Kirkwood Highway’s kids classes are set up with different age groups in each class for kids ages 4-15. Middletown’s kids classes are for kids in Elementary School. Middle and High school kids train during the adult classes at Middletown in their own age groups.

 ## Muay Thai

 Muay Thai is a combat sport that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. It is taught at our Kirkwood location by Tim “the South Jersey Strangler” Williams. Tim is a UFC fighter with a 15-5 record.

 ## MMA Classes

 Our Kirkwood Highway location offers MMA classes and training for self defense, fight, and tournament purposes.

 ## Yoga with Cristal

 Our favorite yoga instructor, Cristal of Cristal Clear Fitness, offers yoga classes at the Kirkwood Highway location on most Sundays. Cristal is an independent trainer and her classes are not included in 302 BJJ memberships. This class is open to all, you do not need to be a membership to sign up with her.

 ## Check out ourFree Trial Classes It’s important to make sure that this is a good fit for you BEFORE you sign up and commit to our yearly memberships. We want you to feel comfortable here, with yourself, and your potential peers. We encourage all new students, experienced and unexperienced, to come in for a few free trial classes before you sign up. There’s no commitment, and it’s free!

 Free Trial Class
 Free Trial Class
