---
source_url: https://www.geagletkd.com/
final_url: https://geagletkd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:15.746Z
---

# Reach your full potential with Golden Eagle Taekwondo! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Little Eagles (Ages 4-5) Junior Eagles (Ages 6-12) Teen Eagles (Ages 13-18) Adult Martial Arts Women’s Self Defense Family Martial Arts Olympic Class Training Birthday Parties Summer Camp - Location Select Location Sunterra, TX Elyson, TX Morton Ranch, TX Fulshear, TX

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Golden Eagle Taekwondo to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Little Eagles (Ages 4-5)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Junior Eagles (Ages 6-12)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen Eagles (Ages 13-18)
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Adult Martial Arts
 Martial arts classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 Women’s Self Defense
 This program is a fun self-defense class designed exclusively for women.
 View Program

 Family Martial Arts
 Our family program will give you the opportunity for all of your family to enjoy this excellent martial art class, as you face the same challenges together.
 View Program

 Olympic Class Training
 This intense training will challenge the students’ individual stamina and speed, as well as testing their sparring ability & Poomsae techniques.
 View Program

 Birthday Parties
 Try something new this year with a martial arts-themed birthday party in a real martial arts school!
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Our martial arts summer camp provides fun and learning for all ages.
 View Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Golden Eagle Taekwondo!
 GOALS
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 COMMUNITY
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors priority.

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Debbie Baughman Kammerlohr It’s a fun and safe place to learn TaeKwonDo and to learn lots of life’s lessons.

 Eunsun Lee Great place to learn Taekwondo... wonderful atmosphere for kids... My son(5) loves his Taekwondo class...

 Joshua An Passionate and knowledgeable! Would recommend to anyone interested in trying!

 Kristie Diem Nguyen My kids love going to their lessons. Very passionate and caring Masters, as well as everyone in the family. I'm so glad we are part of your program. Highly recommended!

 Melissa Kong-Garcia My 4.5 yr old son is learning focus and discipline. To see him smile in class and learn from the instructors warms my heart. The Instructors are firm, but positive and inspirational to the students. I encourage everyone who may have an interest to try it out.

 Mike Martinez I've seen a huge improvement in my boy’s confidence and as well as discipline. Great facility and great staff.

 Russell Hollingworth First class last week. I'm 43 and pretty out of shape. That said, the instructors have been patient, attentive and aware of my modest abilities. Thoroughly enjoying it so far, expect to enjoy it more as I get fitter.

 Tania Esparza Coronado Is the best taekwondo school ever!!
 Highly recommended!!
 The Masters Hum, Kim and Chris are so amazing and professional, they teach us to conect our spirit-body & Brain in one. We as a Family all join the classes every day.
 THANKS GOLDEN EAGLE TO BE PART OF OUR LIVES.

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult Martial Arts Program

 ##### ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE & SPECIAL WEB OFFER!
 ## REQUEST INFORMATION
 Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 Get Started Today
