---
source_url: http://teameastcoast.com
final_url: http://teameastcoast.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:29.503Z
---

# WE DEVELOP LEADERS East Coast Martial Arts is a progressive martial arts academy with traditional values. At East Coast Martial Arts, every class begins and ends with a bow. This simple act of respect is the foundation of our school. From our humble beginnings in a garage 38 years ago to our current state of the art facility, we are still committed to developing leaders.

 View Our Schedule

 East Coast Martial Arts is a progressive martial arts academy with traditional values. At East Coast Martial Arts, every class begins and ends with a bow. This simple act of respect is the foundation of our school. From our humble beginnings in a garage 38 years ago to our current state of the art facility, we are still committed to developing leaders.
 All memberships are month to month with no long-term contracts. Intro packages are available for all programs. Military/first responder, family and college discounts are available.
 Click here to view our schedule

 ## Programs Little Leaders Karate
 >

 Youth & Adult Martial Arts
 >

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu / Police Jiu Jitsu
 >

 MMAFit®
 >

 Kickboxing
 >

 Restorative Yoga
 >

 ## Our Team Mr. Steve Hindman
 Founder

 Image

 Tiffany Hindman
 Owner

 Image

 Diane Finsel
 Historian

 Image

 Chad Kuhn
 Gym Manager, BJJ Instructor

 Image

 Buck Davich
 Kickboxing Instructor

 Image

 CJ Hanninger
 Kickboxing Instructor

 Image

 Darlene King
 MMAFit® Instructor

 Image

 Dr. Kaleel (K.J.) Shaheen II
 Black Belt Program Leader

 Image

 Elisa Benedict
 MMAFit® Instructor

 Image

 John Bennett
 MMAFit® Instructor, Yoga Instructor

 Image

 Katy Hoffman
 MMAFit® Instructor

 Image

 Mr. Ben Garton
 Martial Arts Instructor

 Image

 Mr. Fred Poinar
 Martial Arts Instructor

 Image

 Mr. Logan Mueller
 Martial Arts Instructor, Youth BJJ Instructor

 Image

 Mr. Matthew Mosser
 Martial Arts Instructor

 Image

 Mr. Michael Ciconte II
 Martial Arts Instructor

 Image

 Pete Shawk
 BJJ Instructor, MMAFit® Instructor

 Image
