---
source_url: https://robsonmoura.com
final_url: https://robsonmoura.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:51.861Z
---

- HOME - ABOUTABOUT USABOUT ROBSON MOURA - PROGRAMSADULT JIU-JITSUKIDS JIU-JITSUACCELERATED LEARNING PROGRAM - SCHEDULE - ONLINE TRAINING - STORE - GALLERY - CONTACT US

 ## THE #1 JIU-JITSU ACADEMY IN Tampa, florida

 # Robson Moura Brazilian JIU-JITSU

 ## Join Tampa's Most Respected BJJ Academy and Build Real Confidence On and Off the Mats

 ## Claim your FREE Intro Class and discover why hundreds of teens and adults trust Robson Moura Jiu-Jitsu to transform their lives.

 TRY A FREE JIU-JITSU CLASS

 CLICK HERE TO BOOK

 ## Welcome to Robson Moura Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## At Robson Moura Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we welcome students of all ages into a fun, family-friendly environment. Our academy offers world-class training that builds confidence, fitness, and discipline while fostering lifelong friendships.Whether you’re brand new or an experienced grappler, our team will guide you every step of the way. ## Led by head coach Robson Moura, an 8-time World Champion and Jiu-Jitsu innovator, you’ll learn from one of the sport’s true legends.
 ## Join us today and experience why so many teens and adults call Robson Moura Jiu-Jitsu their second home.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## JIU-JITSU CLASSES ## 6 DAYS PER WEEK

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## ADULT JIU-JITSU

 ## Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is built to challenge you, empower you, and help you grow on and off the mats. ## ## Whether you’re a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, you’ll find world-class instruction and a welcoming community. ## ## Join us and experience how Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can transform your fitness, mindset, and lifestyle.

 LEARN MORE

 ## KIDS' JIU-JITSU

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is martial art with no striking involved, which makes it perfect for children. ## Our program is designed so that your child will have fun while developing a positive learning mindset. They will quickly understand that they can learn anything if they put their mind to it. Learn more about our children’s program

 LEARN MORE

 ## Accelerated Program

 ## ## Designed specifically for those who are looking to seriously improve their game!Robson provides seminars as well as a specialized training program. Contact us to find out how you can host a seminar at your school. If you are a student that wants to take your game to the next level you can learn more about the accelerated training program

 LEARN MORE

 Training at Robson Moura Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 At Robson Moura Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu we strive to create a pleasant learning environment for all. From your very first visit to our academy, you will notice the family-oriented atmosphere. All our welcome by our friendly staff, instructors, and students.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on submission grappling. It’s a great way to get in shape, meet new people, and maintain an active lifestyle.
 We are catering to all skill levels. Whether you’re just getting started or already have grappling experience, our staff will help you find the right class.
 Students who are new to Jiu-Jitsu will receive one-on-one instruction in basic movements and techniques before joining the rest of the class. Students at the appropriate skill level are welcome to jump right in to one of the many classes we provide – such as standup, no-gi, or advanced.
 Stop by for your free trial class today!

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 # Frequently Asked Questions

 #### STUDENT REQUIREMENTS

 Remember we are a martial arts Academy that teaches Jiu-Jitsu our environment is that which builds upon a martial arts tradition.
 When entering the Academy, all students are required to check in for their class using our student management software, Spark. This system helps us keep accurate attendance records and ensures smooth communication with our members. If you experience any issues checking in or accessing your profile, please inform your instructor or the front desk so we can assist you right away.

 All Class Requirements
 Optional strongly recommended equipment: knee pads, mouthpiece, and cup and supporter.
 Gi Class Requirements
 White belts are required to wear a clean and washed white gi with academy patches over a rash guard.
 Blue belts and above are required to wear any color clean and washed gi with the pants and top of same color with academy patches over rash guard.
 No-Gi Class Requirements
 All are required to wear a clean and washed Robson Moura Academy rash guard, gi pants, or grappling shorts.

 #### BELT PROMOTION REQUIREMENTS

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a very individual sport. No two people perform every move the same. Therefore, the requirements for a rank are not the same for everyone. Student A could learn 4 certain sweeps and sweep everyone. Student B could learn 4 different sweeps and use those 4 different sweeps to enjoy the same success as student A. That is where a great teacher comes in. Robson is a master instructor. He can look at your game and modify everything to fit you, your body, and ability. He then evaluates your performance base on you! Not what other people are doing. So is there a curriculum for Jiu Jitsu? No, not in the traditional sense. There are requirements and performance goals, but there is no way to show you a piece of paper and say this is what you need to know for each rank.

 #### PRIVATE LESSONS

 Jiu-Jitsu is a very unique martial art. Robson believes the best way to learn is one on one. Getting stuck in class with only 15 minutes of learning a day does not support fast learning. Sometimes your partners can not give you the correct defense. You learn something in class and only find that when you use it against someone else your success was short lived. That is why he wants to be your partner. Each time you drill a position he will not let you make a mistake. Your learning starts with Robson as your partner and you begin to develop skills that will last forever. Do you have a position that gives you trouble such as escaping side control or defending the guard pass? This is where private lessons can take years off your training. Drill guard defenses with the best in the world. Robson becomes your dedicated training partner – Now that is how you get good fast

 ## Real Student Testimonials

 #

 ## Jim A.

 I visited Robson Moura Nations United RMNU Brazillian Jiujitsu school several years ago while traveling on business, I have gone back a couple time while in the area. I have met Professor Moura and trained with his classes. I have never met a more skilled BJJ master it teacher, he changed my game as a blue belt in one class. Today as a purple I still rely on a set of techniques he taught in one night. Truly astonishing. I would Highly recommend this school as a permanent home if you live there or as a friendly place to train stopping by.

 ## Alex Cher

 "All I can say is WOW! I have been training jiu jitsu on and off for about 10 years now and decided to take a couple private lessons with Robson while I was in town. As an instructor he is humble, knowledgeable, caring and his skill and techniques are second to none. After a few rolls, he was able to teach me simple and effective techniques that I was able to immediately incorporate into my jiu jitsu game. Awesome experience and cannot wait to go back again. Thank you Robson!"

 ## Ed LeMonnier

 "Always a great learning opportunity for me when I come to visit.
 Everyone is friendly and welcoming. As a visiting Black Belt, there was never a sense of anyone trying to test me during our training and sparring sessions.
 If you live in Tampa and you're looking to improve your physical and mental health,. you really need to check out RMNU HQ.
 They have Fundamental and Advanced classes, but more importantly: the teammates that you will be training with are friendly and encouraging. They are there to help you get better.."

 PHONE

 (813) 855-1760

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 ADDRESS

 11220 W. Hillsborough Ave
 Tampa, FL 33635

 ## Copyright Robson Moura Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Tampa 2026. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
