---
source_url: http://supremejiujitsu.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=10352538737227025254
final_url: https://www.supremejiujitsu.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=10352538737227025254
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:58.216Z
---

## WATCH US ON FOX NEWS 32
 “ YOU can’t truly call yourself PEACEFUL
 unless you’re capable of great violence, if
 you’re not capable of violence
 you’re not peaceful,you’re harmless”
 - STOP BEING HARMLESS!

 ## ENTER YOUR INFO TO BECOME A BETTER VERSION OF YOURSELF
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 ## WATCH US ON CBS 2

 What makes Supreme JiuJitsu / BJJ Chicago different than others is we don't JUST focus on the sport aspect of Jiu Jitsu. We offer a STREET / SELF Defense program were we teach you how to fight off a ATTACKER then using the same art Royce Gracie used in the UFC to shock the entire Martial Arts world. He proved that Gracie Brazilian JiuJitsu works better then any other fighting system. Watch the 1st few UFC events to see for yourself. We teach you how to stay calm under stressful, high pressure situations. What's great about our Self Defense program it's beginner friendly. No previous knowledge is needed. You don't need to get in shape to do it. We cater our jiu jitsu programs to all ages and styles. Honestly at the end of the day our ultimate goal is to help you become a better version of yourself from the day you walk in and that's by using the gentle art of jiu jitsu as your new addiction in life. We hope by you learning BJJ with SUPREME JiuJitsu Chicago by Idriz Redzovic it will help you see what you are capable of achieving in life when coming to class. Helping you surround yourself with new positive friends on the same journey as you on self improvement . What better way to improve your life then learning how to fight and defend your self. Just think about that for a second. We will also help you build confidence and get in shape in a fun friendly environment. Contact us today to start your new journey on self improvement.

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 - - - -
