---
source_url: http://dillowsata.com/programs/children-martial-arts
final_url: https://dillowsata.com/programs/children-martial-arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:51.434Z
---

## Children's Martial Arts Programs Our curriculums are age-specific and are the perfect blueprint for healthy child development.

 1
 ### Select Program
 2
 ### Redeem Trial Offer
 3
 ### Begin Martial Arts!

 ## NOW ENROLLING KIDS IN THE FOLLOWING CLASSES

 ## ATA Tigers ### Ages: 4-6 Yrs The best martial arts program for kids, ever.
 • Allows children to feel engaged with our martial arts program by providing strong visual cues to help them align with their achievements and goals.
 • Uses the cartoon tiger characters to provide a relational point students can identify, each character symbolizing a value that is a foundation of the martial arts.
 ATA Tigers is an exclusive new platform for martial arts that kids truly love. Take the first step to giving this extraordinary gift to your child today!
 Learn More

 ## Karate for Kids ### Ages: 7-12 ATA Karate for Kids is a specialized program created exclusively for children ages 7 through 12. The foundation of the martial arts ATA curriculum is the ongoing ATA review and development of life skills such as:
 • Positive mental attitude • High goal-setting
 • Perseverance • Self-control • Confidence
 Learn More

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 message
 comment contact me by phone website ywedobjeo

 - social - social

 © 2026 dillowsata.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
