---
source_url: http://dillowsata.com
final_url: https://dillowsata.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:52.470Z
---

skip to main content ## CONFIDENCE BUILDING MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN Kuna Getting started is easy!
 Children's Programs Adult Programs

 ## Crush your fitness goals while learning how to protect yourself Enter Your Contact Information to Get Started!

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax Program Choose a Program Karate for Kids ATA Tigers Adult Martial Arts ATA Legacy Leadership Life Training
 comment contact_me_by_phone website ywedobjeo

 ## ATA Tigers ### 4-6 Yrs This program offers children a strong foundation in essential character qualities such as courtesy, respect, and discipline.
 Learn More

 ## Karate for Kids ### 7-12 Karate for kids classes: positive mental attitude, high goal setting and confidence!
 Learn More

 ## Teens & Adults ### 13+ ATA teen & adult programs focus on high-intensity fitness and real self-defense that applies in today's world.
 Learn More

 ### Hi, my name is Shawn Dillow and I'm the owner of Pride Martial Arts. When I was a child, I began my martial arts journey and the positive impact it had on my life was remarkable. It was always my dream to someday own my own school in Kuna and create an enjoyable environment for students to improve their fitness while building the confidence they can carry into their everyday lives. Take advantage of one of our amazing web specials today - join us as we empower ourselves and our community with martial arts!
 Learn More

 ## Getting Started Is Easy! ### Redeem One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ### Schedule Your Child's First
 Semi-Private Lesson

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## We Help Parents Raise Confident Leaders & Adults Reach Their Full Potential! Martial arts is unlike any other sport or activity because at the core of the training, the emphasis
 is on personal development. This allows us to teach life skills like confidence, discipline, and
 focus which will affect all aspects of our students’ lives, even after they have finished training!
 Anyone can begin martial arts - any age, any fitness level.

 ## You Belong Here. Whether you are looking for a sports activity for your child or for an alternative from the boring gym fitness routine, martial arts is unlike any other sport because at the core of the training, the emphasis is on personal development. Anyone can begin martial arts - any age, any fitness level.
 Start today!
 Learn More

 ## Children's Classes Learn More

 ## Adult Classes Learn More

 ## Workshops & Special Events ### All Ages Learn More

 - - - - - - - -
 *ASK ABOUT THE LEADERSHIP PROGRAM* Words cannot explain how much Master Shawn Dillow has done for me. I was a dumb teenager, destined to mimic the poor behaviors of those around me when my brother won a free pass to try a Taekwondo class and later asked me to try it out with him. I was 13 when I decided to try classes. It seemed awkward at first, but that studio quickly became a second home. I learned discipline, respect, self-control, and how to overcome challenging situations. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who wants their child, or themselves, to do something that will be a part of them for the rest of their lives.
 #### Bradley Moran ##### Kuna

 Love Master Dillow and the skills he offers and instills in the Tiny Tigers. Teaches them confidence, pride, self-respect, and discipline. Definitely core attributes the kids need today!
 #### Jeff Bates #####

 They're dedicated to teaching ethics and how to defend from bullies w/o physical confrontation if possible.
 #### Joanne Scovill #####

 Our son is thriving at Dillows, and he loves it!!! They provide a structured environment where kids can learn the value of self-control, respect, discipline, hard work, following directions, and other valuable character traits!!! We love Dillows!!!
 #### Clarissa Matson ##### Kuna

 Master Dillow, we LOVE you! We love that our son can channel his LOUD VOICE and HIGH ENERGY in your classes to learn self-control and respect. I also love that when he doesn't say "OKAY" to me the first time I've asked him to do something (he tends to try to "negotiate" almost everything) I can remind him that Master Dillow told him not to argue.
 #### Joy Plaisance #####

 Great leadership! Our boys flourish under Master Dillow. Special thanks to Ms. Bolton and Ms. Curtis too!
 #### Sherri Boardman ##### Boise

 Tradition and discipline are just some of the values taught here that has made Dillow's ATA a family training destination for our household!
 #### Amber D Curtis #####

 Master Dillow does an amazing job teaching the kids! Our daughter and two sons haven't been in Taekwondo for even a full year yet but they really enjoy it and have already significantly grown in confidence and strength.
 #### Angie Bilderback #####

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 message
 School contact_me_by_phone website ywedobjeo

 - social - social

 © 2026 dillowsata.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
