---
source_url: https://gjjelkgrove.com/programs/filipino-martial-arts/
final_url: https://gjjelkgrove.com/programs/filipino-martial-arts/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:48.163Z
---

Filipino Martial Arts Drew Jones 2025-05-24T14:59:29-07:00 Filipino Martial Arts (FMA)

 Filipino Martial Arts (FMA)

 Filipino Martial Arts (FMA)

 Filipino Martial Arts (FMA), also known as Arnis, Eskrima, and Kali, are a diverse range of martial arts systems that originated in the Philippines. These systems incorporate weapons-based techniques, empty-hand fighting, and grappling, all developed over centuries to survive and defend against various threats. FMA emphasizes the use of both weapons and empty hands, with the understanding that the weapon is simply an extension of the body. Some of the key aspects of FMA include weapons based techniques including the use of sticks, knives, and other weapons in combat, with a focus on disarming and controlling opponents; empty hand fighting including a wide array of techniques using empty hands, including punches, kicks, blocks, joint locks, and takedowns; Dumog grappling emphasizing close quarters combat and takedowns; and an emphasis on ambidexterity with practitioners learning to use both hands effectively with weapons and without.

 FMA Brain

 FMA has demonstrated surprising neurological benefits. The use of rhythm and geometric movement patterns, in addition to the two-handed weaving motions—which promotes “cross-lateralization” between the right and left hemispheres of the brain—can improve concentration, creativity and even memory loss. According to studies at UCLA, it can reduce the effects of aging on the mind, help with cognitive disabilities and even aid in the recovery from traumatic brain injuries. FMA is an amazing art. Check out the video below for a more in-depth look at FMA as a neurologically restorative art:

 A Little History

 Our greatest JKD & FMA influence is Guro Dan Inosanto. Being well connected in the Filipino-American and Martial Arts communities, he had the opportunity to train with many warrior legends such as Bruce Lee, Ed Parker, Leo Giron, John LaCoste, Antonio Illustrisimo, Leo Gaje, Floro Villabrille, Gene LaBell, Jean Jacques Machado, Pedro Sauer and many others, each sharing their unique, often well-guarded family systems. Through his physical talent and genius for perceiving and organizing what is essential to each system, Guro Inosanto has given us an incredible blended approach to FMA. Here’s the man himself giving some background on the art as well as demonstrating some of the movement behind it:
