---
source_url: http://highnoonbjj.com
final_url: https://highnoonbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:11.347Z
---

# Welcome to High Noon BJJ

 Tired of BJJ classes that feel more like a dance recital than preparation for real conflict? At High Noon BJJ, we cut through the fluff and focus on what matters: teaching you how to actually figh t .

 Forget endless, low-intensity drills and choreographed routines that fall apart under pressure. We believe the majority of your training time should be spent building real, battle-tested skill. That’s why our classes are built around a high incidence of live, supervised sparring and situational work. This isn’t just “rolling” – it’s a focused, high-intensity environment where you learn to apply techniques dynamically, adapt to resistance, and develop the timing and instincts crucial for self-defense or competition. The result? You don’t just learn Jiu-Jitsu, you embody it.

 This commitment to realistic training delivers more than just effective fighting skills. The constant engagement and high-paced nature of our sessions mean you’ll achieve a level of fitness, cardio, and overall work capacity that traditional, drill-heavy methods simply can’t match. We’re not just teaching moves; we’re forging fighters. We prioritize practical application and cultivate an environment where skills are honed under duress, ensuring what you learn on the mats is effective when you need it most.
 At High Noon, our training philosophy is simple: “whistle while you work.” Whether you’re training for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competitions, self-defense, or simply looking to get in shape, we believe in an intense, yet friendly and supportive training environment. During any one of our BJJ, Judo, or Wrestling sessions, you’ll typically find a room full of hard work, laughter, and good-natured camaraderie among teammates. If you’re ready to stop drilling and start fighting, if you want to build real skill and achieve your physical fitness goals, High Noon BJJ is where you belong. Experience the difference that training for reality makes.

 Claim Your Free Trial

 ## Our Programs

 We offer a full schedule of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Nogi Submission Grappling, Judo, and Wrestling classes for both kids and adults here at High Noon. Click to learn more about our programs, class offerings, and training methodology.

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 LEARN MORE

 ## Judo

 LEARN MORE

 ## Kids BJJ

 LEARN MORE

 ## Wrestling

 LEARN MORE

 ## What Our Members Say

 ## Where to Find Us
