---
source_url: https://www.roninfitness.net
final_url: https://www.roninfitness.net/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:01.925Z
---

# SKILL THROUGH EXPERIENCE Welcome to the neighborhood’s Jiu Jitsu, MMA, and Muay Thai/Kickboxing gym.
 Ronin Fitness is the headquarters for martial arts in Eau Claire. Here you can find a robust program containing Brazilian Jiujitsu (BJJ), striking(Muay Thai/kickboxing), and wrestling, widely considered to be the three pillars of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA). Our coaches are professional martial artists who dedicate themselves not only to mastering the skills of martial arts but also the skills of coaching. All of our coaching staff has an understanding of the science behind human learning and coaching. We implement science-based modern training methodologies to ensure every minute spent training is developing skills.

 ## WEEK FREE TRIAL

 CLICK HERE TO TRY BJJ, MMA, or Muay Thai for seven days for free
 CLICK HERE TO TRY BJJ, MMA, or Muay Thai for seven days for free

 ## Check out info on our programs here

 Youth martial arts
 Youth martial arts

 boxing/kickboxing
 boxing/kickboxing

 jiu-jitsu
 jiu-jitsu

 MMA
 MMA

 ## We are a proud ## RIGAN MACHADO affiliate

 To find out what it means to be a RIGAN MACHADO affiliate click the logo

 We are here to teach you how to fight.
 Our team operates under the simple principle that people learn by doing.
 We will guide you as a beginner to understanding the basics.
 As an experienced Martial Artist you will have challenging partners, rounds, and practices, with experienced and high level competitors.
 Serving Eau Claire, Chippewa Falls, Altoona, Lake Hallie and the Greater Chippewa valley.
