---
source_url: http://trainwithmamma.com
final_url: https://trainwithmamma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:50.760Z
---

# Unlock your full potential with Milledgeville Academy of MMA Get Started

 ## WE REPRESENT LOYALTY, FAMILY, AND RESPECT

 ## Milledgeville Academy of Mixed Martial Arts provides instruction in BJJ, Muay Thai/Kickboxing, and Self-Defense. Our goal is to provide our students with top quality care and professional instruction. Our academy offers a friendly training environment for people to learn an extremely effective system of self-defense, gain confidence, improve overall health, make great friends, and have fun.

 Learn more

 ## Safety Is Our Number One Priority. You'll always be in good hands at MAMMA!

 Our Safety Guide

 ## Join our Family Today!

 ↑Learn More

 ## The future is yours to shape -

 ## The decision to join our amazing community may begin with a few reasons, but will blossom into many - the flexibility, the skills, the mindset, the self-development, the self-defense, the boost in confidence. These are just some of the benefits that come with becoming part of our family.

 ## An investment in a membership is more than just signing up for a gym - it's a commitment to a happier, healthier, and more confident version of yourself. With our guidance, support, and passion, we'll be by your side every step of your journey.

 ## Shed excess pounds and achieve your ideal body composition. Tone and strengthen your physique. Reduce stress, boost energy, and feel empowered and ready to tackle any challenge.

 ## Milledgeville Academy of MMA

 ## 3050 N Columbia St, Milledgeville, GA 31061

 ## (478)-251-1789

 ## trainwithmamma@gmail.com

 Sign-up Now

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Self-defense is more than just a fighting art, it’s for great health in body and mind!

 View Program →

 ## Youth Self-Defense

 ## Of course, this ‘claim’ is made by many, but with MAMMA we will train you to become more than just a martial artist, we will invest in you!

 View Program →

 ## Muay Thai Kickboxing

 ## Anytime and any level of interest. Join us and learn the traditional art of Thai Boxing (มวยไทย)!

 View Program →

 Personalized Training Classes

 ## If you want to experience the benefits of a customized workout or training program that focuses on your interests, then connect with us today to get a personalized survey!

 Kickboxing

 ## Experience the world of Kick Boxing life never before. You’ve seen classes at the local Yoga Shop, but this ain’t your granny’s kickboxing–unless she wants to come learn as well!

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Fitness, fun and full-on protection are a part of learning BJJ! With us, you can sharpen your competitive edge and learn how to handle a problem, especially if it goes to the ground. We invite you to come roll with us. You’ll be glad you did.

 Youth Classes

 ## We always hear "You're never too old, nor too young to start something new." Not only do we agree, but feel strongly that the younger you get started in martial arts the better your ability in both body and mind become. We have programs for many age brackets. Ask today and we’ll give you a detail of our programs for children.

 See Our Programs

 ## Quick Access

 ## Get in Touch

 ## Home

 ## Contact Us

 ## About Us

 ## Martial Arts Programs

 ## Cancel Membership

 ## 3050 North Columbia Street. Milledgeville, GA 31061

 ## 478-251-1789

 Facebook Instagram

 Copyright © MAMMA. Design by Visions for 2morrow | Powered by WordPress
