---
source_url: http://www.azdragonstkd.com
final_url: https://www.azdragonstkd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:15.331Z
---

WELCOME TO THE OFFICIAL PAGE
 OF THE BEST
 OLYMPIC TAEKWONDO SCHOOL IN ARIZONA.

 ## Officially Sanctioned Club of the USA TAEKWONDO (USAT) & The Amateur Athletic Union of the United States (AAU)​

 ## In Our School you will Find: Our programs Include:

 ► A Professional and friendly staff
 ► A Clean and spacious environment
 ► A Variety of to fit your needs
 ► A bond with parents, and instructors
 ► Certified instructors with a love
 for teaching Martial Arts
 ► Program For students from
 4 years old, children, youths,
 adults, and family

 #### * Personal security* Mental Abilities* Discipline* Anti-Bulling

 ## Arizona Dragons Taekwondo, LLC is a clean, positive, and safe family-oriented learning environment. We take pride in our family atmosphere and high
 quality Martial Arts training. When you come to our school, you become
 part of a family.
 About Our Classes:
 At Arizona Dragons Taekwondo we have classes available for all skill levels.
 Private lessons available for all ages and skill levels. Whether you are an
 Olympian or have never tried on a uniform, Arizona Dragons Taekwondo has classes for you.
 Because Taekwondo is an Olympic sport, Arizona Dragons Taekwondo
 offers the opportunity for tournament competition and advanced
 team training. Here at Arizona Dragons Taekwondo, you can train alongside multiple Experienced Athletes. Who knows, you could be the next
 NATIONAL CHAMPION!
 Training consists of innovative and advanced techniques designed to help
 students and athletes quickly achieve a higher level of skill. We have training available for all skill levels and abilities. Our instructors provide a positive
 and fun atmosphere for everyone. Training is designed to improve
 students' and athletes’ agility, speed, and power. These skills can be used by students and athletes to improve in various aspects of any other athletics
 that they may be involved in.
 Our programs provide improved self-discipline, self-confidence, mental
 alertness and goal-setting skills. Students are taught that their their goals
 can be achieved through dedication and hard work. The goal of Arizona
 Dragons Taekwondo is to produce individuals who are respectful, attentive in school, courteous to friends as well as being a top all around martial artist.
 Our fun, high energy classes use physical challenges as an opportunity to
 teach the mental, and positive character-building aspects of taekwondo. Taekwondo provides the perfect opportunity for students to learn about the tenants of Taekwondo and how to apply them to everyday life. Arizona
 Dragons Taekwondo also offers strategies in Bully Prevention and
 Stranger Danger for all ages.

 ​
 BORED? :( ............. NOT THIS SUMMER!!!!!!!!
 TRY OUR CLASSES AND MAKE THIS YEAR YOUR CHILD'S MOST EXITING SUMMER EVER.
 COME AND EJOY OUR
 NEW STUDENT VIP SPECIAL!
 *REGISTRATION
 *ONE MONTH OF UNLIMITED CLASSES
 *SCHOOL UNIFORM
 FOR ONLY $6 9.99
 *NO CONTRACTS
 *SUPER FAMILY DISCOUNT AVAILABLE
 * CLASSES FOR CHILDREN AND ADULTS

 HABLAMOS
 ESPANOL

 great school great students

 ##### Tasha Johnson

 Mesa, AZ

 best school best teachers

 ##### Nancy Martinez

 Mesa, AZ

 my children have been coming here for 3 years great masters Miguel and Martin. teaching my children lifelong skills.. GREAT SCHOOL

 ##### Erin Dudek Martinez

 Mesa, AZ

 Es una Exelente Escuela, formo en mi hijos importantes cualidades como amistad, respeto, disciplina y sana competencia ... estuve 5 años compartiendo con mis hijos en la escuela y solo me llevo buenas experiencias tanto de los coach como de los compañeros y padres .

 ##### Lina Antunez

 Mesa, AZ

 Best family oriented TAEKWONDO place. The coaching is great! Kids and adults love to training and workout here!

 ##### Adrian Bojorquez

 Mesa, AZ

 Una escuela donde primero te enseñan el Respeto a los demas y el cariño a los demas tambien Basicamente es la mejor del mundo entero siempre esforsandose a seguir para adelante un orgullo el aber tomado clases con un hombre el cual siempre esta biendo por los demas persona antes que entrenador un padre antes que un juez MIGUEL PAREDES SOLO LO MEJOR DE LO MEJOR .

 ##### Oscar Delgado

 Mesa, AZ
