---
source_url: http://brightonbjj.co.uk
final_url: https://www.brightonbjj.co.uk/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:19.793Z
---

Welcome to brighton bjj
 Affordable and inclusive Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Brighton.
 Book a class

 Google Reviews
 5.0

 (52)

 Louise

 Wonderful coaches and great atmosphere, whether you are here to learn a new skill and take it easy in your BJJ journey or wanna up your game, compete and challenge yourself, this is a great place to do so with lots of fun in the process. All coaches have their own style, giving you different perspectives and tips, makes it also super inclusive regardless of size and gender.

 Ben

 Brighton BJJ School is an incredibly welcoming and nurturing environment where every single person who steps on the mats is made to feel welcome.
 The tutelage is exceptional and if anyone in the Brighton area is looking to study BJJ I wholeheartedly recommend this school.

 William

 I love training here. It's a great BJJ club, particularly for those starting out, where you can be taught the fundamentals in a supportive and friendly environment. Both Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu are taught here.

 Adam

 A really special place: everyone, instructors and learners, are serious about improving but you’re also going to have a laugh and a good time. Can’t think of a better place to start learning BJJ.

 Chris

 Awesome place to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. The club has a great atmosphere and everyone is super friendly. Costs are very reasonably priced. Definitely recommend to anyone wanting to learn or train BJJ

 Dean

 I joined Brighton Bjj school in October as I finally mustered up the courage to do something I’ve always wanted to do but always found excuses not to. since the very first Wednesday morning class that I rock up to its bee an absolute blast of a journey so far ! Tom is amazing Bjj instructor and gym owner the place is always clean, full of good energy and like minded friendly students.

 Adam

 The club has a fantastic atmosphere and is very welcoming to anyone who wants to train from brand new starters to experienced grapplers. The coaches are fantastic, the location is also very convenient for anyone in central Brighton.

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Brighton What makes us different
 We offer friendly and approachable Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in the heart of Brighton, with both Gi and No-Gi options.

 Whether you’re brand-new to BJJ or already have some experience, our supportive and relaxed environment helps you improve your technique, boost fitness, and gain confidence.
 Book a class

 ### Scholarship fund Our community contributes to full and partial scholarships to make training accessible for all.

 ### Cross-training We love to host people from other academies and see our students visit and learn from other gyms.

 ### No ‘culty’ vibes We ask that all members and instructors respect each other equally regardless of their belt or status.

 ## Why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Fitness & Community
 We asked our members and these were the top reasons they train with us!
 Book a class

 Our Gi (uniform) classes introduce you to core BJJ techniques where you’ll learn to control and submit opponents using collar and sleeve grips. This is where Jiu-Jitsu started and offers many unique and interesting possibilities by utilising the Gi.

 These classes suit beginners who want a structured introduction, as well as experienced grapplers looking to refine their skills.
 Book now and one of our instructors will guide you through your first class!

 Fundamentals of gripping, controlling, and submitting your opponent

 Detailed breakdowns of key positions, such as guard, side control, and mount

 A supportive, ego-free environment where safety and enjoyment come first

 Book a class

 Our No-Gi (Submission Grappling) sessions remove the traditional Gi, making the action faster-paced and more wrestling-oriented. This is a great complement to Gi training and offers a distinct set of techniques and strategies.
 Book now and one of our instructors will guide you through your first class!

 Takedowns, positional control, and submissions without relying on Gi grips

 More dynamic transitions and scrambles

 A grappling style which includes more wrestling and leg attacks

 Book a class

 Learn More

 ## FAQ
 Find answers to common questions about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training, classes, and membership.
 Book a class

 How is Jiu Jitsu different from other martial arts?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu stands out because it focuses heavily on ground fighting and submission grappling, using leverage and technique rather than brute strength. This means anyone, regardless of size, can effectively learn to defend themselves. It’s also a great choice for sport or competition, as you’ll practise against fully resisting opponents.

 Is BJJ good for self-defence?

 Yes. Although our emphasis is on the sport side of BJJ, many of the techniques you’ll learn—such as controlling positions, escapes, and submissions—are very useful in real-life situations.

 Do I need previous experience or a certain fitness level?

 Not at all. We welcome complete beginners, and our coaches will guide you step by step. BJJ is adaptable, so you can start at your own pace and improve your conditioning as you go.

 How much does it cost to train?

 We aim to keep things flexible and affordable. Classes are £10 each, or just £5 for Open Mat sessions. We have a £50 per month membership for just beginner classes as well as an unlimited membership for £69.50 per month. Additionally, we offer a class card which gets you 10 sessions for £85. There is also a £2 laundry fee for borrowing a gi.

 Do you offer free sessions?

 We don’t, but our pay-as-you-go and membership prices are designed to be as accessible as possible if you want to give BJJ a try.

 What should I bring to class?

 For Gi sessions, bring your own Gi or let us know in advance if you need to borrow one (£2 laundry fee). For No-Gi, wear a tight top and leggings or shorts without zips or big pockets or sleeves. It’s a good idea to bring a water bottle and flip-flops for off the mats. Also, please arrive clean, with nails trimmed, and remove any jewellery (or cover it with tape).

 How do I get started?

 Simply book a class through our website on a day and time that suits you. Then just show up with your kit (or borrow ours), a water bottle, and a willingness to learn. Our coaches will make sure you feel comfortable and have a great first session.

 Do I need extra gear like a gumshield?

 A gumshield isn’t compulsory, but it’s highly recommended for sparring. Many people eventually invest in dedicated Gi or No-Gi gear once they get more involved.

 Where can I park?

 There’s paid parking next to the building on New England Street. It’s worth bringing some cash in case the online payment system is down. If you cycle, bike racks are available out front.

 Are there changing facilities or showers?

 We don’t have a dedicated changing room, but there is a well equipped accessible toilet which can be used for changing. As well as male and female toilets. Showers are also available on our floor if you’d like to freshen up afterwards.

 Is it an issue if I'm smaller or older?

 We work hard to keep everyone safe and respect all sizes and abilities. We also do our best to pair similar people as training partners.

 Can I train at other clubs too?

 Absolutely! We encourage cross-training and don’t believe in “tribal” gym politics. Visitors from other academies are always welcome.
