---
source_url: https://jiujitsu4america.com/classes
final_url: https://jiujitsu4america.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:14.562Z
---

# Classes - We do NOT charge testing FEES, club FEES, or upgrade FEES. No surprises. We make it simple!

 Find out more

 ### Programs offered

 #### Ninja Stars
 3-5 yrs old Fun and Games with Martial Arts. Emphasis on Respect and Self control. No uniform required. We focus on learning wrestling skills.

 #### Kids Beginner Jiu Jitsu
 Our Children’s Beginner Jiu Jitsu classes introduce the essential principles of grappling and ground-based self-defense. Students engage in a dynamic, partner-based workout while developing foundational skills in wrestling, submissions, and strategy specific to the sport of Jiu Jitsu.
 This is our most popular youth class—designed to challenge the body and mind in a safe, structured environment.
 Each class includes:
 - 45 minutes of guided instruction - Open Mat: A live-practice session for 45 minutes

 #### Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Our Children’s Jiu Jitsu classes introduce the essential principles of grappling and ground-based self-defense. Students engage in a dynamic, partner-based workout while developing foundational skills in wrestling, submissions, and strategy specific to the sport of Jiu Jitsu.
 This is our most popular youth class—designed to challenge the body and mind in a safe, structured environment.
 Each class includes:
 - 45 minutes of guided instruction - Open Mat: A live-practice session for 45 minutes

 #### Kids Karate
 Teaches children the fundamentals of striking for self defense skills. Karate is all about building a strong mind and body around discipline. Karate begins with Respect and Self-Control. Children will participate in exercises designed to build flexibility, balance, body awareness, strength, and coordination.

 #### Adult Beginner Jiu Jitsu
 Great way to get in shape while learning self defense skills and having fun! You’ll be drilling and wrestling with a partner for 60 minutes! Sparring is encouraged but not mandatory. At a minimum you will need a gi, shorts, and a rash guard. First class is FREE!

 #### Adult Jiu Jitsu
 Grappling classes offered in Gi and No Gi.
 Our grappling program combines technical training and live application. Classes start with high-energy partner drills and takedown practice. We then move into ground technique, emphasizing repetition to build muscle memory. Resistance-based positional games develop real-time problem-solving, and each session ends with live rolling to apply the day’s focus under pressure.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
