---
source_url: http://www.denverkompound.com
final_url: https://www.denverkompound.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:16.122Z
---

## Address
 3801 Race St Unit E
 Denver, CO 80205

 ## Phone
 720-378-8022

 ## Email
 info@denverkompound.com

 # KOMPOUND DENVER
 World Class Training in the Heart of Denver

 ## BUILT ON EXCELLENCE
 We are dedicated to seeing you grow and develop as an athlete and a person. Jiujitsu is a martial art focused on clarity of mind, connection to the body, and bridging the gap between the two. At Kompound we view everyone as a valued training partner. There are no members here, only family.

 ## KIDS BJJ

 ## WOMEN'S BJJ

 ## COMPETITION & ADVANCED BJJ

 ## WHAT OUR MEMBERS SAY

 "This is a competition school, but we treat our training partners with care. It is a strong belief that we cannot "Win" practice. Upper belts ensure the ability for newer students to work the material and learn safely."

 ### Carlos del Rio Google Maps Review

 ## INTERESTED AND WANT TO LEARN MORE?
 Joining a new gym is an exciting prospect that you shouldn't take lightly. Get all your questions answered by our Black Belt instructors! We'd be happy to speak with you and answer any questions you may have.

 4450 Cherokee St, Denver, CO 80216, USA

 720-378-8022
 ​

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 What brought you here today?
 What can we help you with?
 Please select all that apply:
 I'd like to try BJJ for the first time.
 I've trained at another gym and am interested in training at Kompound.
 I'm looking to add BJJ to my fitness regimen.
 I'm interested in learning self-defense.
 I'm looking for a martial arts class for my child/ren.

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
