---
source_url: https://gallegosbjj.com
final_url: https://gallegosbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:43.209Z
---

Skip to content #### Gallegos Jiu Jitsu Train for Life (619) 703-1998

 FREE TRIAL

 - SELF DEFENSE - JIU JITSU - MUAY THAI - MMA

 ## Welcome to

 ## Gallegos Jiu Jitsu

 Gallegos BJJ strives to create a safe, positive, enjoyable environment for all our students to train in no matter age, gender or physical ability. We cater to the enthusiast who just wants to lose weight, get in shape, and generally feel better all the way up to a the Black Belt World Champion looking to retain their title

 ### Beginner Special

 get started today

 Ready to take the first step towards accomplishing your physical and personal goals? Try Gallegos BJJ and experience the benefits of martial arts for yourself

 #### PROGRAMS

 We specialize in Self-Defense, Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai and MMA. Providing instruction for all age levels

 ABOUT US

 Gallegos BJJ has been serving the South Bay San Diego County Community for over 10 Years.

 #### ALLIANCE EASTLAKE FOUNDATION

 Health Hope Healing. Programs for at-risk youth, combat veterans w/ PTSD.

 #### Facility

 A top notch facility with all studentsts need to succeed.

 #### Self Defense

 Our focus is Self Defense first. Instructing law enforcement to the everyday person

 #### Confidence

 Our classes will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ## Train for Life

 At Gallegos BJJ, we provide years of experience and expertise in multiple disciplines and multiple applications. We can’t wait to help you reach your goals inside and outside the mats.

 get started now

 #### Community

 Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, and dedicated students, you’ll sense our community the moment you walk through the doors.

 #### Fitness

 If the treadmill is getting old, martial arts is the perfect way to spice up your workout routine.

 #### Instructors

 Our instructors provide years of real world experience

 ## Schedule

 Gallegos Jiu Jitsu bring passion to our methods. Our team is invested in the personal development of each and every one of our students. Being guides in your personal journey and growth

 821 Kuhn Dr #110, Chula Vista, CA 91914

 info@gallegosbjj.com

 +1 (619) 703 1998

 © 2026 Gallegos Jiu Jitsu
