---
source_url: http://www.bjjconquest.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bjjconquest.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:39.326Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Millersville & Severna Park ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With The Best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training in Millersville and Severna Park! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art. It's also a self-defense system, a sport, and an excellent way to create better fitness! At Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness, we offer authentic Jiu-Jitsu classes that focus on technique, real-world self-defense, on getting a great workout, and on building a sense of community -- a place where people from across Millersville and Severna Park can come together and train with confidence.
 Conquest's BJJ program is led by World/Pan-Am Champion, 4th Degree Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt Vicente Junior. Professor Vicente Junior is a native of Brazil and has trained in BJJ for over 20 years. With numerous competitive titles to his name, he is one of the most technically sound Black Belts training in the US today.
 To learn more about Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, just fill out the short form below!
 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? From establishing a new sense of self-confidence to experiencing reduced stress and heightened focus in your everyday life, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has real-world benefits.
 Our team at Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness is committed to helping men and women from Millersville and Severna Park take advantage of high-quality martial arts training. No matter your age, experience, or fitness level, we'll help you learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe, supportive environment. Through our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you'll have fun, get six pack abs, and meet new friends and mentors from all over our community!
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes offer:
 - A fun, healthy way to get fit - Real-world self-defense skills - Improved focus and reduced stress - A great sense of community
 When you train with us at Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness, you'll get the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction in the Millersville and Severna Park area, and the results will speak for themselves. Weight loss , muscle gain , greater productivity at work ... these are just a few of the incredible benefits of Jiu Jitsu training!
 #### Enroll at Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness Today! Experience the grace, power, and life-changing potential of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu by signing up for our martial arts classes. You'll be welcomed by the awesome community we've worked so hard to cultivate here at Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness, and it's easier than ever to get started. Join us in Millersville and get ready to roll!
 Just fill out the short form below to get started with our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes!
 Get more information now!

 Amazing place with great trainers. Family oriented atmosphere and seeing great gains!!! Come join the family!

 After trying the free trial I made up my mind to join this gym. I started doing Muay Thai only a few months ago and have drastically progressed so far. The gym has a very welcoming environment and everybody is respectful of each other. Instructors are also great, Nate especially!

 Conquest is a one of a kind gym. I have been going to gyms for 10+ yrs and have not gotten the results that I was able to achieve at Conquest. Everyone is friendly, from Staff to other members. Everyone is also willing to help you with whatever your goals may be. Not only has conquest allowed to me gain the results I was looking for, they also gave me the passion to better myself and continue to workout for a goal. I would and will recommend this gym to anyone who wants to get in shape, learn a BJJ, and the other martial arts that they offer.
 -Juan De Jesus

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
