---
source_url: http://www.bjjconquest.com/classes/Womens-Only-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bjjconquest.com/classes/Womens-Only-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:39.785Z
---

# Women's Only Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Millersville & Severna Park ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes At Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness, we get it. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a close-combat style that can be uncomfortable in mixed company or if you're just getting started.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across Millersville and Severna Park a chance to train with confidence in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes. Build your skills one step at a time a get in a great workout that will help you see incredible results.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get MORE INFORMATION NOW!

 #### What's Include in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know.
 Our Women's classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 Join us in Millersville and learn:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position
 #### And Unlike at your Big Box Gym, Our Workouts are Never Dull and Boring Think about it. At most gyms, you do the same thing over and over. Maybe you rotate three workouts each week. Maybe you just waste away on the treadmill.
 Either way, you're not challenging your body and you're certainly not keeping your mind motivated.
 But with our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes, no two workouts are the same. Each week, we're challenging you with a new skill or situation. And you're constantly pushing yourself to be faster, stronger, and more efficient than you were last class.
 At Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness, you can work harder than ever before without even realizing how much your body is getting out of each class.
 In no time, you'll enjoy:
 - Sustainable fat burn and improved heart health - Lean muscle gains and total-body strength - Improved speed, mobility, and athleticism - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 #### Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have Something for Everyone in Millersville and Severna Park! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Conquest Martial Arts & Fitness and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across Millersville and Severna Park.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get MORE INFORMATION NOW!

 Amazing place with great trainers. Family oriented atmosphere and seeing great gains!!! Come join the family!

 After trying the free trial I made up my mind to join this gym. I started doing Muay Thai only a few months ago and have drastically progressed so far. The gym has a very welcoming environment and everybody is respectful of each other. Instructors are also great, Nate especially!

 Conquest is a one of a kind gym. I have been going to gyms for 10+ yrs and have not gotten the results that I was able to achieve at Conquest. Everyone is friendly, from Staff to other members. Everyone is also willing to help you with whatever your goals may be. Not only has conquest allowed to me gain the results I was looking for, they also gave me the passion to better myself and continue to workout for a goal. I would and will recommend this gym to anyone who wants to get in shape, learn a BJJ, and the other martial arts that they offer.
 -Juan De Jesus

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
