---
source_url: http://www.lcctbjjusa.com/programs
final_url: https://www.lcctbjjusa.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:41.248Z
---

Programs

 ### LCCT KIDS

 Here your child will learn respect, discipline, and self defense. They will learn LCCT jiu jitsu fundamentals, and our tailored program, that will prepare them for our adult program.
 Mon - Thurs 5:00PM - 6:00PM
 Saturday 11:00AM - 12:00PM

 ### LCCT ADVANCED BJJ

 This program is designed for our LCCT students who are past our beginner’s class. Also if you are new to our academy but higher than beginner. (No Drop Ins)
 Mon - Fri 12:00PM -1:00PM
 Mon - Thurs 7:00PM - 8:30PM
 Sat 12:00PM - 1:30PM

 ### WOMEN’S ONLY JIU JITSU

 This is our women’s only jiu jtsu class. You can come and learn our LCCT jiu jitsu program, and be surrounded by only women.
 Saturday 10:00AM - 11:00AM

 ### LCCT ADULT BEGINNER

 Here you can start your LCCT jiu jitsu journey. Whether you have never done anything, martial arts, or worked out, we will be with you ever step of the way. We will guide you and help you all the way. (No Drop Ins)
 Mon - Thurs 6:00PM - 7:00PM

 ### LCCT NO - GI JIU JITSU

 This is our traditional LCCT program, but NO - GI based. (No Drop Ins)
 Tues & Thurs 6:00PM - 7:00PM

 ### LCCT ADULT BEGINNER MUAY THAI

 This is our LCCT Adult Beginner Muay Thai program where you will learn proper form and technique on how to strike, kick, and block. Our head instructor is Silverio Mancilla
 Monday 11:00AM - 12:00PM
 Wednesday 11:00AM - 12:00PM
 Saturday 11:00 AM - 12:00PM

 ### LCCT KIDS’ BEGINNER MUAY THAI

 Here you child will start to learn the basic foundation of Muay Thai with Coach Silverio. They will learn to correctly throw punches, kicks, and defense for fighting.
 Saturday 12:00PM - 1:00PM

 ### LCCT Kids Competition Class

 This is a specialized class for our students that are active competitors. They will be sparring and learning the rules of competition.
 Friday’s 4:30PM - 5:30PM

 ### LCCT JR Warrior’s Program Ages 3-7

 This is our LCCT JR Warrior’s program for kids ages 3-7 Years. Here your child will learn all the basic of how to control their bodies, how to fall, how to take someone down, how to control and stop a threat
 Monday 4:15PM - 5:00PM
 Wednesday 4:15PM - 5:00 PM

 ### LCCT Krav Maga

 This class is an Israeli Self Defense system. Developed for the Israeli Defense Forces, it uses techniques derived from Akido, Boxing, Judo, Karate, and Wrestling. It is known for its focus on real-world situations. Krav Maga was originally developed by Hungarian born Israeli martial artist Imi Lichtenfield.
 Tuesday’s and Thursday 6:00pm 7:00pm
