---
source_url: http://gcjiujitsu.com/kids-gracie-jiu-jitsu-free-trial-class/
final_url: http://gcjiujitsu.com/kids-gracie-jiu-jitsu-free-trial-class/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:40.153Z
---

### Sign up below for: Kids (ages 5-11) Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Free Trial Class - Name* First Last - Email* - Phone* - Select age appropriate class time.*Tuesday 5:00PM-5:40PM (ages 5-7)Tuesday 5:45PM-6:25PM (ages 8-11)Thursday 5:00PM-5:40PM (ages 5-7)Thursday 5:45PM-6:25PM (ages 8-11) - Comments or Questions? - RELEASE AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY, ASSUMPTION OF RISK, AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT* I Agree I Don't Agree In consideration of participating in the Gulf Coast Jiu-Jitsu Academy Activities, I represent that I understand the nature of these Activities and that I am qualified, in good health, and in proper physical condition to participate in such Activities. I acknowledge that if I believe that event conditions are unsafe, I will immediately discontinue participation in these Activities. I fully understand that these Activities involves risks of serious bodily injury, including permanent disability, paralysis and death, which may be caused by my own actions, or inactions, those of others participating in the event, the conditions in which the event takes place, or the negligence of the individuals named below; and that there may be other risks either not known to me or not readily foreseeable at this time; and I fully accept and assume all such risks and all responsibilities for losses, cost, and damages I incur as a result of my participation in the Activity. I hereby release, and discharge, and covenant not to sue Corey J. Richardson, Gulf Coast Jiu-Jitsu Academy, or its receptive administrators, directors, agents, officers, and employees, other participants, any sponsors, advertisers, and, if applicable, owners and lessors of the premises on which the Activities take place, from all liability, claims, losses, or damages, on my account caused or alleged to be caused in whole or in part by the negligence of the individuals or otherwise, including negligent rescue operations and future agree that if, despite this release, waiver of liability, and assumption of risk I, or anyone on my behalf, makes a claim against anyone of the Releasees, I will indemnify, save, and hold harmless each of the Releasees from any loss, liability, damage, or cost, which any may incur as a result of such claim. I have read the RELEASE AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY, ASSUMPTION OF RISK, AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT, and understand that I have given up substantial rights by signing it and have signed it freely and without any inducement or assurance of any nature and intend it to be a complete and unconditional release of all liability to the greatest extent allowed by law and agree that if any portion of this agreement is held to be invalid the balance, notwithstanding, shall continue in full force and effect. By signing this wavier I am agreeing to the follow statements: I am over the age of eighteen (18). I am the legal guardian of the child who is participating, who is a minor child. I hereby give permission for my Child to participate in the Gulf Coast Jiu-Jitsu Academy Activities. I waive all claims of liability and causes of action that I (or, if applicable, my Child) presently may have or that may accrue to me (or, if applicable, my Child) in the future against the Gulf Coast Jiu-jitsu Academy or any other facility that may be used to conduct martial classes. I agree to indemnify Gulf Coast Jiu-jitsu Academy and any other facility that may be used to conduct martial arts classes for any damages or losses, including attorney's fees, that any or all of them may incur as a result of any action taken by me (or, if applicable, my Child). I agree to hold harmless the Gulf Coast Jiu-jitsu Academy and any other facility that may be used to conduct martial arts classes for any damages or losses, including attorney's fees, that any or all of them may incur as a result of any injury suffered by me (or, if applicable, my Child). I have carefully read this Additional Liability Waiver and Indemnification and all of my questions about it, if any, have been fully answered and satisfied: - Captcha

 #### Our Mission… Gulf Coast Jiu-Jitsu in Mobile, Alabama provides the highest quality of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu training in a safe, family-oriented, and positive learning environment and strives to help students better themselves, regardless of their size, age, gender, or fitness level, by learning how to defend themselves, and increasing their awareness, self-confidence, and physical fitness. The academy maintains the highest standard of training by following the Rickson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu curriculum.

 Subscribe to our mailing list

 [sp_testimonials_slider category="8" speed="8000" autoplay_interval="2400" dots="false" arrows="false" autoplay="true" effect="fade"]

 #### Self Defense Seminars We offer self-defense seminars and training for businesses, schools, churches, and law enforcement. CLICK HERE to contact us for details!
