---
source_url: http://gcjiujitsu.com/classes/
final_url: http://gcjiujitsu.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:42.312Z
---

#### NRA Basic Pistol Course The NRA Basic Pistol course emphasizes the safe and proper handling and use of pistols. Participants will learn about firearm safety, parts and operation, shooting fundamentals, care and cleaning, storage options, selection, and more. Please contact us at info@gcjiujitsu.com for more information, including scheduling and requirements.

 #### Adult Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Monday through Friday
 6:30PM-7:30PM
 Focuses on classic Rickson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu techniques. This class is dedicated to teaching the latest of Rickson Gracie’s innovations that maximize the effectiveness of the art. Students learn how to defend themselves from common surprise attacks such as the “sucker punch,” headlocks, choke holds, and tackles, in addition to learning takedowns/throws and ground techniques. Students will be introduced to principles that made our Jiu-Jitsu system unique, which include recognizing intention, weight distribution, connection, and leverage. Reflex drills help to hone student’s response times and sparring gives students the opportunity to practice the techniques learned in class.
 Sign up for a FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 #### S.A.F.E. (Beginner Self-Defense) Program No Gi
 Monday and Thursday
 6:30PM-7:15PM
 This program is for men, women, and youth ages 15-adult who are interested in learning basic life saving self-defense techniques with the benefit of exercise in a fun and relaxed group class environment. Its purpose is to empower you and increase your ability to deal with physical, mental, and emotional adversity in your everyday life. Self Defense, Awareness, Fitness, and Empowerment (S.A.F.E) is a course designed to help develop technical skill through the training of self-defense techniques, and to sharpen the intellect to be more aware of one’s surroundings and options in a stressful situation.
 Sign up for a FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 #### Kids’ Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Ages 5-7:
 Tues. & Thurs: 5:00PM-5:40PM
 Ages 8-11:
 Tues. & Thurs: 5:45PM-6:25PM
 Gracie Jiu-jitsu has many benefits for your child:
 • Gain confidence (bully prevention)
 • Develop leadership skills
 • Learn conflict management
 • Learn responsibility
 • Develop a strong work ethic
 • Develop patience
 • Get fit/lose weight
 Sign up for a FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 #### Open Mat Monday though Friday: 7:30PM-8:00PM
 Saturday: 10AM-11AM Stand-up Self Defense
 Saturday: 11AM-12PM
 During open mat training time you can concentrate on drilling techniques learned in class or spar the entire time. Training may also include reflex development drills and rolling in the context of a single position, or general rolling in every position with a designated intensity in a safe and controlled environment.

 #### Private Training Classes Appointment Only
 Personal one-on-one instruction in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu or Boxing with head instructor Corey J. Richardson. This is one of the best ways to accelerate your progress.
 Benefits of Private Training with Your Instructor
 • You’ll Have the Instructor’s Full Attention
 It is incredibly important to have this dedicated one-on-one time with your instructor even if for only a 30 minute session.
 • Focus on the Details
 You’ll be able to focus on the details of your technique and troubleshoot any issues while drilling or sparring.
 • Receive Customized Help
 You can use this time to ask your instructor specific questions. Sometimes it can be difficult to decide what you want to focus on. So to help with this, the academy provides every student with a private session worksheet. This worksheet is designed to help you narrow down the information you would like to cover in your session.
 • Time Flexibility
 You can schedule a private session weekly or monthly at a time that is convenient for you and the instructor.
 Sign up for a FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 #### Adult Kickboxing Monday & Wednesday
 5:00PM-6:00PM
 Unlike Gracie Jiu-JItsu, kickboxing is a sport that focuses on striking (form of punches, kicks, elbows, and knees). This is a great class for anyone looking to take their fitness to the next level while learning a combative skill.
 The classes will consist of several minutes of jumping rope followed by technical shadow boxing, partner drills, and pad work to develop power and precision. Kickboxing class will end with controlled light sparring, intense calisthenics, and stretching.
 Sign up for a FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 #### #### Kids Kickboxing Monday, Wednesday & Friday
 4:00PM-5:00PM
 Saturday
 10:00AM -11:00AM
 This is perfect for children 8-12 age of age, looking to increase their striking skills, get in phenomenal shape, improve concentration and discipline. Participants will be able to become extremely proficient with punching and kicking techniques in a safe and controlled environment.
 Sign up for a FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 #### Our Mission… Gulf Coast Jiu-Jitsu in Mobile, Alabama provides the highest quality of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu training in a safe, family-oriented, and positive learning environment and strives to help students better themselves, regardless of their size, age, gender, or fitness level, by learning how to defend themselves, and increasing their awareness, self-confidence, and physical fitness. The academy maintains the highest standard of training by following the Rickson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu curriculum.

 Subscribe to our mailing list

 [sp_testimonials_slider category="8" speed="8000" autoplay_interval="2400" dots="false" arrows="false" autoplay="true" effect="fade"]

 #### Self Defense Seminars We offer self-defense seminars and training for businesses, schools, churches, and law enforcement. CLICK HERE to contact us for details!

 ## Try out a FREE Class with no obligation! At Gulf Coast Jiu-Jitsu your first class is always FREE. There's no better way to find out if Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is right for you than by joining us for a class. What are you waiting for?

 Get a FREE Trial Class Now
