---
source_url: https://lp.doublefivecarlsbad.com/?utm_source=google-organic&utm_medium=my-business
final_url: https://lp.doublefivecarlsbad.com/?utm_source=google-organic&utm_medium=my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:27.907Z
---

- PROGRAMS - OUR TEAM

 - SCHEDULE - CONTACT US

 ## double five jiu-jitsu carlsbad

 Schedule your trial class

 - SCROLL FOR MORE INFORMATIONS

 ## Our Programs

 ### No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 ### Adult Jiu Jitsu

 ### Little Ninjas (3yo.-5yo.)

 ### Kids & Teens

 ## Is jiu jitsu for you?

 ## For Your Children

 - Do you want your child to develop confidence to face challenges? - Would you like your child to have more discipline and focus at school and home? - Has your child been bullied, and you want them to learn how to defend themselves? - Do you want your child to have a physical activity that keeps them away from screens? - Are you looking for a healthy way to teach your child values like respect and resilience?

 ## For Adults & Teens

 - Are you tired of starting diets and exercises that never bring real results? - Do you feel like you’re always putting off taking care of your health and need something to finally motivate you? - Have you tried losing weight several times, but find it all too boring and discouraging? - Do you miss having an environment where you can challenge yourself and step out of your comfort zone without being judged? - Do you want to learn how to defend yourself while also building more confidence in your daily life?

 Schedule your trial class

 ## How does it work to schedule your class?

 ### Request More Information Press the "Schedule your trial class" button that appears on your screen.

 ### Fill Out the Form You will be directed to our form, where you need to fill in your details.

 ### Choose the Best Day and Time Our consultants will help you select the best available day and time for your class.

 ### Attend Your Lesson After booking your lesson, come to our school on the scheduled day and time.

 Schedule your trial class

 ## Is Jiu Jitsu all about fighting?

 ### Self-confidence Confidence grows with mastery over body and mind. Exercise helps raise self-esteem, bringing greater assurance in various life situations.

 ### Self-defense Self-defense offers personal safety and practical skills. Learning defense techniques improves your ability to react and boosts your confidence.

 ### Less stress, more happiness Reducing stress is essential for a balanced life. Regular exercise practices help you relax and increase your overall happiness.

 ### Muscle tone Muscle toning helps define your shape and boosts endurance. With targeted exercises, you achieve a firmer and more balanced body.

 ### Physical strength Building physical strength involves regular training and proper nutrition. Increase your strength and enhance your everyday performance.

 ### Weight loss Losing weight can be achieved with healthy habits, promoting body balance and well-being. A workout routine is key to long-term results.

 ### Darwin Falcão Jiu-Jitsu Instructor

 Darwin Falcão, 3rd-degree black belt.
 Black belt under professors Rafael Formiga, Tatu, and Vinícius Amaral.
 Athlete and instructor, training since 1996, champion of IBJJF Opens, state championships, among others.
 In recent years, my main focus has been on developing top-level athletes.

 ## Frequently Asked questions

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 ### DOUBLE FIVE JIU JITSU CARLSBAD Double Five Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most trusted names in martial arts around the World. Our values, commitment to excellence, and dedication to jiu-jitsu have set us apart as a leader in the Carlsbad area martial arts community.

 - +1 760-883-0568 - doublefivecarlsbad@gmail.com - 5375 AVENIDA ENCINAS SUITE E CARLSBAD, CA 92008

 ## @2024 Double Five Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | All rights reserved

 ## Follow Us

 Instagram Facebook Google

 ## FILL IN YOUR DETAILS AND Schedule your trial class

 Name
 Email
 Phone
 Programs Select a program Adult Classes Little Ninjas (3yo.-5yo.) Kids & Teens Classes

 Schedule a trial class
