---
source_url: https://danzig-mma.gymdesk.com/page/jiu-jitsu-training-bend-oregon
final_url: https://danzig-mma.gymdesk.com/page/jiu-jitsu-training-bend-oregon
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:58.648Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 JIU JITSU CLASSES ARE SPLIT INTO 3 DIFFERENT SKILL LEVELS
 Level I
 Beginner
 The intro program is designed for everyone new to Jiu-Jitsu. Learn the basic positions, transitions, submissions and escapes. Most classes consist of a warm up, technical drills and a set of taught techniques, followed by optional live grappling.

 5:30 PM Monday / Wednesday
 learn more >>
 Level II
 Intermediate
 Build confidence and efficiency, and learn new submissions and escapes. Become proficient in all aspects of Jiu-Jitsu, including submission defense, escapes, wrestling offense, defense and offensive submission holds, finishes and positioning.
 12:00 PM Wednesday / Friday
 5:30 PM Tuesday / Thursday
 6:30 PM Friday
 Apply Online >>
 Level III
 Advanced
 This is a class with a lot of live drills and competitive rolls, for those looking to fight or compete. Learn advanced submissions and escapes, a certain skill and understanding is required to take this class. Blue belt or one year experience is required.

 6:30 PM Monday / Wednesday
 Apply online >>

 After each class you will have the opportunity to watch some of the more advanced Jiu-Jitsu classes.
 Try a Free Class >>

 - Phone 541-782-8151 - Address 20370 Empire Ave Suite C-6 Bend, OR 97703 - Email danzigmma@gmail.com Contact Us
 We are located right next to Copiers Northwest

 - © Danzig MMA - - Powered by Gymdesk
