---
source_url: http://martialartsfredericksburgva.com
final_url: https://www.martialartsfredericksburgva.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:37.654Z
---

# SCHEDULE FREE TRIAL LESSONS at Valhalla Academy of Martial Arts

 LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Name (Required) First Last
 Phone (Required)
 Email (Required)
 Name of Potential Student (If Different From Above) First Last
 What Are You Interested In? Grappling (Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Combat Submission Wrestling) Striking (Muay Thai/Thai Boxing, Savate, and Jeet Kune Do) Weapons (Filipino Martial Arts)

 Δ

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 At Valhalla Academy, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program teaches practical ground control, submissions, and leverage-based techniques, equipping students with the skills for self-defense, competition, and personal growth.

 ## Kickboxing

 Experience the power and precision of kickboxing at Valhalla Academy, where expert instruction helps you build confidence, fitness, and striking skills in a fun, high-energy environment.

 ## Kids Programs

 Empower your child with Valhalla Academy’s Kids Programs, where they’ll build confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills in a safe, fun, and supportive environment.

 View All Services

 ## About Valhalla Academy of Martial Arts

 Valhalla Academy is the premier martial arts school in the Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania region, offering expert training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, Combat Submission Wrestling, Filipino Martial Arts, and more. Our programs are designed for all skill levels, combining fitness, self-defense, and personal growth in a fun and supportive environment. With a team of highly skilled instructors and a commitment to excellence, Valhalla Academy is where confidence, discipline, and strength come together.

 Learn More

 Play
 Play
 Play
 Play
 Play
 Play

 ## Instructors

 ### Andrew Heatwole

 Head Instructor

 Professor Andrew Heatwole has been training in martial arts for over twenty-two years and has been teaching full time since 2009. Andrew started his training at Trident Academy in Woodbridge Virginia and has earned an Instructorship in Thai Boxing, an Apprentice Instructorship in Jeet Kune Do, an Associate Instructorship in Total Defense System, and is a Second Degree Black Belt in JTX (Jeet Kune Do, Thai Boxing Cross) from retired Navy SEAL Pat Tray.
 Professor Andrew has also earned a Third Degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from the legendary Rigan Machado and and is a Representative Instructor in Combat Submission Wrestling from Mixed Martial Arts icon Sensei Erik Paulson. Furthermore, Professor Andrew has also earned a Silver Glove in Savate from Professor Nicolas Saignac.

 Read More

 ### Kru Jason Heatwole

 Staff Instructor

 Kru Jason Heatwole began training in martial arts in 1999 under Navy SEAL Pat Tray at Trident Academy of Martial Arts in Woodbridge, VA. Since then he has gone on to train under famous martial artists Guro Dan Inosanto and Sensei Erik Paulson. Jason combines a love of the history of combative arts with practical applications. Jason has competed in numerous Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Thai Boxing, Mixed Martial Arts, Savate, and Filipino stick fighting events. He has competed in over Six Dog Brother Gatherings and has attained Full Dog Brother status, taking the name Heathen Dog.
 Jason holds the rank of Kru under Ajarn Surachai Sirisute in the Thai Boxing Association of the United States and the rank of Yellow Glove in Savate under Professor Nicolas Saignac. He is also an Apprentice Instructor under Guru Dan Inosanto in Filipino Martial Arts and Jun Fan Gung Fu/Jeet Kune Do.

 Read More

 ## Meet The Whole Team

 B.G.

 I can think of no better place to train standup and grappling in Fredericksburg, VA than with Andrew at Valhalla! if you live down in that area, definitely check him out! The school is brand new, first class and the special they are offering right now is unbeatable!

 S.S.

 I am 47-years old! and have been attending Valhalla for over a year now. I joined because I wanted the opportunityto roll and gain experience, of course there is always an amount of apprehension when joining a new team, but I could not have made a better decision,
 not only due to the excellent training provided by Andrew, but also the group of teammates that come with no egos, they’re always willing to roll, and learn at the speed of each individual. I am not worried about getting injured, and I truly believe everyone that trains there are there for the same reason, to learn, improve their skills and stay actively fit. I hope I can continue coming here for years to come.

 M.W.

 My husband and I have been training here since 2018, It took me a year to work up the courage to get on the mats as I was scared, however the environment was so welcoming and encouraging I couldn’t resist. Andrew is amazing in what he teaches and everyone around is the most uplifting group of individuals. They continuously support one another and I can say I have been training since 2019 and love it. While only being a 5’1 female the guys never fail to make me laugh and grow as a person. Amazing place and highly recommend to all and especially girls!

 B.E.

 It had been about 12 years since I’d done any martial arts at all, so I decided to give Valhalla a try. The instructor is incredibly knowledgeable and very skilled. I’d only been training for a few months in Brazilian jiujitsu when I went to my first competition and won a silver medal for my bracket! The following competition, just three months later, I won gold! The atmosphere is great and everyone is friendly and helpful. The instructor also sings in an awesome metal band (Price of Apathy) which is pretty cool! I highly recommend coming by and checking the place out!!

 D.C.

 I started my martial arts journey late in life. From the first day I walked into Valhalla the instructors and students have made me feel like family. Everyone shares high fives at the end of class and always is encouraging and teaching others to make everyone better. FMA (Filipino Martial Arts) has been my favorite and have learned a lot of self defense techniques. I’ve greatly enjoyed my time in thus far!

 N.T.

 Wow, just wow. The best of the best. When I started I was nervous since I was out of the martial arts game for 3 years, but when I started I felt right at home. Everybody is welcoming, the instructor is interactive and a perceptive one. I haven’t been in there for a year and I already am back on my feet from my 3 year break. All in all, it’s pretty cool 💪
