---
source_url: http://www.509tcbba.com
final_url: https://www.509tcbba.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:25.574Z
---

# Join Tri Cities Black Belt Family Today

 ## About Our Martial Arts School
 Education. Exploration. Satisfaction.

 Tri Cities Black Belt Academy was born out of a simple idea: bringing high quality, accessible and affordable Martial Arts education to the entire community. Our unique approach to learning and top quality faculty makes Tri Cities Black Belt Academy one of the best schools in the Pacific Northwest. We invite you to explore our engaging and diverse course schedule, and stop by for a visit at your convenience.

 ## NEWS & UPDATES The TCBBA Dragons are thrilled to head to Las Vegas the WUKF International Open Tournament! It's a great chance to showcase our skills and represent the Tri Cities. Go Dragons!
 Tri-Cities Black Belt Academy has been in downtown Pasco since 1985

 ### Welcome to Master Mendoza's martial arts academy where your journey to excellence begins! With an incredible 41 years of experience, Master Mendoza brings expertise in Kang Moo Kwan Taekwondo, Hapkido, and Arnis to every class. Since his early teaching days in the Yakima Valley, he has been on a mission to instill core values like respect, loyalty, and integrity in every student. Also the founder and head of Dosat-Son-Do. Join us for an exciting, family-friendly environment where you'll not only learn martial arts but also build a strong, indomitable spirit!

 ## Courses Offered
 ### 2 Week Jrs. Introduction Course
 Growing Together

 As one of our most popular offerings, we recommend signing up for this course as early as possible as it tends to fill up quickly. If you’re unsure about their level or have questions, simply reach out.

 ### Jrs. Beginner and Intermediate
 Hands-On Learning Ages: 5 to 12

 This course has been highly regarded by countless students throughout the years, and has provided the perfect foundation to enter the next level of learning. Get in touch with questions or to learn more.

 ### Jrs. Advanced Course
 Growing Together Ages: 5 to 12

 Through this course, students have the opportunity to push their skills, techniques and confidence to a new level in a dynamic way. Contact us today to learn more about each of our course offerings.

 ### Adult & Teen Course
 Master Techniques Ages: 13 & Up

 This course has a diverse student body ranging from beginners to the more advanced. Adults young & old are welcome. If you are unsure about your level or have questions, simply reach out.

 ## OFFICE HOURS Monday - Friday 4:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 514 W Lewis St
 Pasco, Franklin County 99301
 USA

 tcbba509@gmail.com

 - -

 ## Master Mendoza
 Head Master & Founder

 ## Mr. Alexander
 Head Instructor

 ## Miss Izzy
 Head Instructor
