---
source_url: https://dartmouthmartialarts.com
final_url: https://dartmouthmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:39.636Z
---

(508)-542-9142
 We accept PACE! for our high quality after school program & transportation

 # Training Body and Mind martial arts Training Body and Mind martial arts Training Body and Mind martial arts Training Body and Mind martial arts
 Find a Class

 We accept PACE! for our high quality after school program & transportation

 # Training Body and Mind martial arts Training Body and Mind martial arts Training Body and Mind martial arts Training Body and Mind martial arts

 Find a Class

 ## Start 2 Weeks Free Trials Now !

 #### Get in Touch! Name*

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Call or text to claim your free 2 weeks evaluation class!

 #### MASTER LEE US TAEKWONDOO 720 Dartmouth Street, South Dartmouth, Massachusetts 02740, United States
 (508)-542-9142

 #### Hours Monday - Friday: 7am - 9pm
 Saturday: 9am - 1pm
 Sunday: Closed

 Get directions

 ## Classes ### Little Dragon 4-7 years old
 Age 4 to 7

 First class
 Learning how to learn.

 Second class
 Observing Well, Listening Well, Having patience.

 Third class
 How to corporate with a group

 ### Children Classes
 Age 7 to 12

 Taekwondo
 High quality children education programs.

 Confidence
 Confidence Building Program.

 Discipline
 Raise your child's life standard .

 ### Adult Classes
 Age 13 & Up

 Self Defense
 Help you learn more than self-defense for you and your family. We teach the best martial arts for self-defense, both physically and mentally.

 Taekwondo
 Our training allows students to overcome fears, smash through barriers holding them back in life, enhance mental toughness.

 Raise your personal identity
 Empowers them to face challenges courageously.

 ### Before & After School Program
 High quality children education programs.

 Transportation
 We accept PACE ! for after school program.

 Learning zone
 Learning how to Learn is the most important life skill.

 Positive environment
 Bully-Free zone

 ### Summer Camp
 BEST Camp ever!!

 Summer Activity
 All day fun filled activities!!

 Field Trip
 Learning and Exploring new places.

 swimming and etc...
 Learning how to swim and play guitar, arts, crafts, and science

 Monthly and Annual Memberships Are Available

 ## Social
