---
source_url: http://www.chicagojiujitsu.com
final_url: https://chicagojiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:00.867Z
---

# Chicago MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu We at Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 # Chicago MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu We at Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 Experience all that Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu has to offer and
 Book Your Free Trial Class
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Striking & MMA Private Lessons Kids Jiu-Jitsu (9 – 14) Kids Jiu-Jitsu (5 – 8) Adult Beginner Jiu-Jitsu Self-Defense (15+) - - Preferred Contact Method* Preferred Method of Contact Email Text Phone

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## Welcome to Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 ## PROGRAMS AT REDZOVIC JIU JITSU Our comprehensive Jiu Jitsu curriculum caters to all skill levels, featuring beginner-friendly programs and specialized self-defense classes. We also provide advanced training for elite practitioners preparing for high-level competition. In addition to Jiu Jitsu, we offer a variety of martial arts classes, including MMA, striking, and wrestling. Discover our diverse programs and enroll in an introductory class today to kickstart your journey!

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 View Our Kids Jiu Jitsu Program

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 ## Rener Gracie “When I’m in Chicago, I’m at Team Redzovic. Eddie and the family keeps it real at the highest level since 1993, with a strong connection to the Gracie family. Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu holds it down-100% respect. Try a few classes for free. There’s a lot of Jiu-Jitsu: sport Jiu-Jitsu, street Jiu-Jitsu. Team Redzovic truly represents that spirit, especially in street self-defense. If you can defeat someone twice your size, would you do it? What are you waiting for?”
 ###### WORLD CLASS JIU JITSU INSTRUCTOR

 ## ROYCE GRACIE “If you are in Chicago or the Chicagoland area, train at Team Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu. They will teach you how to defend yourself and practice martial arts at a high level, including self-defense in street fights. Come try it out. Your first class is free!”
 ###### 1ST UFC CHAMPION, MARTIAL ARTS LEGEND

 ## NATE DIAZ “The team at Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu is training students to effectively defend against robbers in Chicago-impressive stuff! The community and atmosphere here are fantastic.”
 ###### UFC STAR & VETERAN

 ## Read More Reviews
 Deena Vela
 Staff is amazing! My children love training there.

 Andrej Rosic
 Great instructors and classes. Really a community feel and intense workouts. Great for all levels

 Ermus Saint Louis
 I recently joined this gym, and I am more than happy with my decision. The coaches are affable, patient and diverse in their teaching. The atmosphere is so welcoming that you will increasingly get pulled into the community.

 Kinsey Jones
 Redzovic is an awesome place for BJJ. They have a great amount of space to train, and they possess amazing coaches&professors that truly want you to reach your full potential. Most important for me, they make me feel very comfortable as a girl training here. Peers and teachers are very respectful.

 Constantin Gavrilescu
 Great classes 👌
 Get in shape while having fun. If you find lifting weights a bit boring try pushing guys off you while they’re trying to strangle you. It’s incredible cardio and strength training and a full brain exercise at the same time!

 Ben Cheek
 If you are looking for a community dedicated to the sport, art and self defense of Jiu Jitsu then Redzovic is the community you want to be a part of. The coaches are extremely knowledgable, but the life lessons and character you will build in your journey go well beyond the walls of the gym. Whether you’re 6 or 60, if you are looking for a better mind, body and soul, then training at Redzovic will be an excellent life choice.

 Kyle Eleosida
 Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu is such an excellent place to train Jiu-Jitsu. It is a safe training space with instructors who are knowledgeable, friendly, and want the best for their students. As someone who joined without any martial arts or grappling experience, learning and training here has been extremely rewarding. Also, they have fostered a community with members/students with great character, which is another reason why I love training here. I highly recommend this place!

 Erich Schuette
 Great place to train Bjj. Very welcoming staff and community. It is a fantastic place to forget about all the other distractions going on in regular life, get great exercise, form friendships, and gain confidence. Highly recommend.

 Ryan Pieper
 Been training at redzovic for over 6 years now. Awesome environment to train BJJ in. Great teachers who teach functional BJJ techniques stressing a mix of street defense and competition rules. Nobody is trying to hurt anyone or win a “practice world championship”, but we do work hard and get after it. You will really get the “family-like” vibes training here. Would recommend it 100%

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult Jiu-Jitsu Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 A few words from
 ## Professor Redzovic I’m Professor Redzovic, owner here at Redzovic Jiu-Jitsu.
 As a martial arts instructor with extensive experience training kids, there is nothing better than seeing them grow firsthand.
 But more important than the martial arts skills they learn… is the personal skills they develop and carry for life.
 Because martial arts is so much more than just kicking and punching, and getting the next colorful belt.
 It’s about developing confidence, discipline, character, focus and respect.
 With every class we teach, your kids are growing in mind, body and character.
 That’s because martial arts provides instant positive feedback. Through learning to focus on the core moves, they develop discipline and respect. They can instantly see and feel a difference, making them destined to build confidence, self-awareness and self-respect.
 And of course it’s a ton of FUN!
 That’s why I love teaching martial arts to kids in this community, and why I know your kids are going to LOVE training.
 So please have a look below to find out exactly how your kids can benefit from our fun martial arts classes.
 Thanks!
