---
source_url: http://gorillacombat.com/members-testimonials/
final_url: https://gorillacombat.com/members-testimonials/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:47.358Z
---

I'm looking for product - Any - Gear - Hats - Men's Apparel - Posters - Women's Apparel

 in a size size - Any - Gear - Hats - Men's Apparel - Posters - Women's Apparel

 . Show me the colour - Any - Gear - Hats - Men's Apparel - Posters - Women's Apparel

 items.
 Super Search

 # Testimonials
 Gorilla Combat > Testimonials

 ### Member Testimonials

 Kisten Kirsch Loses 130 lbs
 Kisten Kirsch gives her testimony on Channel 9. Through hard work and professional guidance Kristen lost 130 lbs. Click the play button to learn more about her experience!

 - I’ve been attending this gym for 4 months now. The owner, instructors and gym members are very welcoming. The staff makes sure the gym is clean in between group classes which is a HUGE thing I look for in gyms. The instructors are patient and attentive during group class workouts. The group classes are well structured and the instructors also give feedback for improvement which is extremely helpful. I always get a good workout every time i come in. I’m proud to be a gorilla combat member here. Thank you Caleb!Tasnim Us - Positive: Communication, Professionalism, Quality, Value Gorilla Combat far exceeds my expectations! My son and nephew wanted to start a MMA gym over a year ago. I spent quite some time researching gyms nearby. Gorilla was our first choice. We started our free week to try it out. Literally, the first night the boys were decided. They loved it, and did not want to even look elsewhere! Since they’ve been there, they’ve learned so much, and have grown in so many ways, in such a short time! Every single instructor is beyond great. They’re all amazing. They know and love what they’re doing, they’re great teachers, they’re very kind, make you feel like family, they’re patient, and they truly care and take time to make sure each student receives the attention they need. Management is just as wonderful. Very helpful, understanding, and answer any questions we’ve had quickly and thoroughly. We are excited for the future of this gym, and look forward to training there for many years to come. I would definitely recommend it to anyone, at any level! My boys have fallen in love with MMA, and it’s given them something to focus on and enjoy during these tough times. (Also, awesome prices compared to others I’ve looked into). It truly feels like a big family. 👍🥊🥋🤼‍♂️💪🏾👊Lily Blessed - Love this place!Christopher Meyer - Great, knowledgeable instructors and tons of nice people that will help you get better. Highly recommend! - I went for the free week and after attending 3 boxing classes, signed up for a membership. Super clean facility (prob cleanest men's bathroom I've ever seen), great instructors, great environment and atmosphere. Members are friendly and wanted to help me learn when running drills and hitting mitts. I'd definitely recommend. (Also if you are going to box for your first time I'd go on a Saturday, that way you can get some good rest days before the Tuesday class.)Timothy Bender - Fantastic instruction and top notch teachers allow you to feel welcome from day one. If you're a beginner or have experince, you can jump into structered classes. Best off, they do not require longterm commitments and are competitively priced, so if you come once while passing through, or keep coming back they welcome you each time.So Holland - Getting involved with Gorilla Combat and starting to learn Muay-Thai was easily a highlight of 2020. Excited to keep growing 🙂Madison LudoweseMinneapolis, Mn - "When you find a workout that you won't skip - no matter what - you know it's special. It's the intensity, it's the full body conditioning, but it's also the instructors that make every novice feel like a pro and make those that have been there for years feel like it's a fresh, new workout."Kelly Ploen - The biggest result I’ve seen so far is confidence in my social life, at work, everywhere. I’m just a lot more confident overall.Dusty Jerome - “I have done the big fitness clubs in our area but never found a fit until GC. Hands down the most genuine, knowledgeable trainers in an environment that felt comfortable after about 5 minutes…. even in classes partnered with far more experienced members than myself! I am no boxer but I love the training, learning the techniques and finally seeing muscles I thought were long gone.”Heidi Schultz - Classes represent a variety of experience levels which is nice. In addition to monthly memberships, the gym allows for people to buy packages of 10 or 20 classes which is ideal for me as my schedule only allows for me to attend once a week. Very clean and friendly environment. Only criticism, communication was poor during Covid shutdowns.Taylor Moak - Always one of my favorite gyms! Everyone treats each other with respect, and they always think about safety first. Great for beginners! Or if you’re looking for competitive fights. I highly recommend gorilla combat Justin Potthast - "Caleb, I just wanted to thank you again for your help in getting ready for Bolivia. I am so impressed with Gorilla Combat and all I've learned. Thank you for getting me some added confidence to walk the streets and help these kids. I truly appreciate it! God Bless. Sincerely," - Lily Fluhartly (Missionary) - "I was very nervous the first time going into a MMA gym, especially being inexperienced. Caleb has been patient with me throughout training and never treated me differently because I was new to the Combative Arts. I feel more confident now knowing I have some awareness skills and some skill set to reference from. Very good training and applications to understand!" - Samantha Strachan: Private Training - Edina, MN. 05-23-19 - I've had a fantastic experience with Gorilla since joining. Great, knowledgeable instructors and tons of nice people that will help you get better. Highly recommend!Benjamin Kimsal - "I have been attending Gorilla Combat for Jiu-Jitsu classes for the last few months and have taken a few boxing classes and a self-defense class. Upon arriving at my first class, I could tell that Gorilla Combat was not only a positive environment, but one where the coaches and members push each other to do better. The coaches are knowledgable and the members help one another out. Whether it is BJJ, Muy-Thai, or boxing, there is something for everyone and the lessons learned in Gorilla's classes are invaluable."Haley BrennanMinneapolis, Mn - I’ve attended some classes with my kids over the years with Gorilla Combat and always enjoyed the experience. I sent my daughter and a couple of her friends to a self defense class with Gorilla prior to them leaving for college. The instruction was pleasant, practical and useful for them to have if they ever need it. - Anthony Grobel Victoria, MN. - “I LOVE Gorilla Combat! My whole family regularly attends classes here (including my 6 year old!) and we could not be happier with our experience. The classes range from beginner to expert and offer something for everyone. Don’t be scared - come get some!!!!!”Karen Basco GustafsonGroup Level 2 and KBox - Great place with great environment..!! Will recommend it if you are a beginner or a pro.!! They have lots of patience to teach you kickboxing, boxing and even Muay thai boxing!!Jennifer Andrades - The gym is super clean. May take some boxing classes there.R R - "I signed up for a Muay Thai class at Gorilla based on a recommendation from a friend, and I've been going ever since. The sessions at Gorilla have worked me into the best shape of my life and significantly improved my mental health. Grateful to have a gym like Gorilla." - Chris F. Muay-Thai - Minneapolis 12-06-19 - I am very thankful for what the gym has taught me. The gym has taught me how to be patient, form, discipline and self control. Thank you Caleb, Juan and the rest of the amazing people. - Juan Tapia Diaz : Boxing -Minneapolis, Mn - Was a bit intimidated going to my first boxing gym, but found Gorilla Combat very inviting. Great trainers, great atmosphere, super clean, and great people. After a free week, just purchased my membership!Tim BenderBoxing Edina, Mn. 3-17-18 - "From my very first class, I felt welcomed and part of the group. Everyone was so gracious and quick to offer assistance. The instructors are knowledgeable and patient, and keep things fun and lively. The results have been increased strength and endurance, weight management, and I’ve even gained some knowledge on how to protect myself – all within a comfortable environment with some new friends." Mary Jones - The coaches here go above and beyond to help you improve your skills! Awesome workout environment and great community as well. Great classes for beginners and for those looking for competition.Kylynn Simon - I originally went for self defense and stayed for the people, workout, and technical skill. I really enjoy the people---there aren't any meat heads. It's a great group.Josh Lantz - Friendly and informative staff, clearly have built a positive environment, and the workouts are great. Shiloh Heesch (new participant) Edina, Mn 6-5-18 - I'm very pleased with this gym. They have a nice and open location with padded floors. It is clean and organized. Instructors provide a very nice technical training along with very intense physical exercise. Everyone is friendly and welcoming.Charly - Great atmosphere and amazing, supportive and knowledgeable coaches. Whatever your goals are, Gorilla is the place to go to meet them!Samantha Horn - Fantastic self defense classes!Sydney Underwood - “This is the best gym I have been to thus far, people at this gym are very welcoming . This place ranges from basic entry level training to advanced training. The trainers are amazing, they are very enthusiastic. They always come up with fun yet challenging workouts and are always looking to help your form and are very motivating.” -Naga Perni Minneapolis, Mn. - "Awesome place, great atmosphere, excellent coaches and training!" - Marat Valegh Minneapolis, MN. 05-18-19 - My former boxing trainer, Caleb Traviño best coach I ever had by far."Richard EnnisPrivate Student - “I’m happy with Gorilla Combat. As a working parent of 4, and part-time student, the classes are a great stress reliever. Three of my children (ages 11-16) and myself have had great experiences training in Boxing, Muay-Thai Boxing, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. I have developed muscle definition in my legs, arms and abs. My kids and I have more self-confidence within our abilities. Plus the Instructors are nice and provide great instruction!”Sophia Holland - "I've tried many different gyms and fitness programs over the years and none of them compare to Gorilla Combat. The instructors are highly knowledgeable, experienced, and fun to be around. The members are welcoming and encouraging and really want to help others learn. You’ll leave every class having learned something new and will make friends along the way too. Whatever your goals may be — whether it's getting in the best shape of your life, exploring your dream of entering competition, or just relieving stress after a hard day's work, this is the place for you. A big thank you to the staff and members of Gorilla for helping me become a better version of myself and giving me the chance to do what I love!" - Amy Dunbar : competitive Amateur Boxer Bloomington, MN. 5-23-19 - "Caleb is a very patient and knowledgeable trainer. He's taught me many varieties of fighting, my favorite being Eskrima"Chrissie Daoud - What brought me to Gorilla was that I wanted to lose weight in a way that I could be passionate about, in a way that I respected, through a sport that I always admired, and that sport was boxing!Kenny Wise - Great gym! Clean facility and good instructorsKat M - Went to Gorilla Combat for a BJJ seminar and belt test. Great facility and everyone there was extremely kind. Hoping to find some more time to drop in. If your close to Edina and looking for a good workout with great people I'd encourage you to check them out! -Ben Christenson BJJ 12-18-17 - I have been training at Gorilla for almost 2 years now and have no plans on leaving anytime soon. I have trained at other gyms and had mixed experiences, but have found Gorilla to be a place full of great people with skilled teachers who do a good job working with new and experienced folks. The place is very clean which is unlike some other gyms I’ve been to. Lots of options for pricing to help accommodate different lifestyles.Michael Knight - “I really appreciate the community that has been built at GC. Everyone is there to get a great workout and have fun, there are no egos. I have been an athlete and been around many sports for a long time. Martial arts transcends them all. It makes you a better person. Training has become a part of my weekly ritual that I won’t do without. It has been great for my physical and mental health. Come join!” - Lucas Johnson - Gorilla Combat helped me reach my fitness goals. I was getting a little bored with what I’d been doing and the last pounds were taking longer than I liked. I decided to try Muai-Thai Boxing and loved it! The instructors were great and the people I met were genuine and fun. I lost those last few pounds, and gained muscle, increased endurance, and some basic self-defense skills. Highly recommend this gym!! -Mary Jones, Belle Plaine, Mn - Muay-Thai, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Boxing, Personal Protection, I learning different martial arts techniques and Gorilla Combat is a great, safe and fun environment to do it in. Everyone's always learning and won’t judge people on different skill levels.Steele MalekWaconia, Mn - I'm completely bananas for Gorilla Combat!! Started coming to this gym a few weeks ago and I'm already in love. The gym it's self is spectacular! But it was the amazing people and great instruction that really sold me. It can be intimidating walking into a place like this with no past training or know how. I quickly realized everyone was there to help and give pointers! Since signing on after my free week to give a few classes a go. I haven't left! Thanks guys!! 1.. 2.. 3.. GORILLA!! Mckinzee Lombard, Bloomington, Mn. - tried out all the classes during the trial week; very clean place, very well-educated instructors/coaches, very welcoming atmosphere, and the products are great quality and very well priced products(unlike other gyms that usually charge way above what retailers sell at)Better Films - Amazing coaches that will go the extra mile to help you improve and all of them are genuinely friendly people. I highly recommend giving this gym a try.Mohamed Kotifani - I came into gorilla about 5 months ago with zero experience and I have only great things to say about this place. The instructors, the culture and the content is all top notch. If you are new and looking to learn a martial art, I couldn’t imagine a more inviting place to do it at. There are people of all ages, athleticism and skill levels here. Weather you are brand new, like I was, or have years of experience you will find people here that not only challenge you but support you too. I can’t recommend this place enough.Zach Opperman
