---
source_url: http://gorillacombat.com
final_url: https://gorillacombat.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:47.499Z
---

I'm looking for product - Any - Gear - Hats - Men's Apparel - Posters - Women's Apparel

 in a size size - Any - Gear - Hats - Men's Apparel - Posters - Women's Apparel

 . Show me the colour - Any - Gear - Hats - Men's Apparel - Posters - Women's Apparel

 items.
 Super Search

 Your Favorite MMA Gym Gorilla Combat is a Boxing, Muay-Thai, Brazilian
 Jiu-Jitsu school and gym. Beginners to advanced
 fighters of all ages are welcome to our training
 facility. Get Started TESTIMONIALS If you want to take it to the next level,
 you came to the right place. CHECK OUT OUR STORE
 CHECK OUT OUR STORE

 # Gorilla Combat Home

 ### All Are Welcome Gorilla Combat is a training facility instructing in Boxing, Muay-Thai Boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Filipino Combatives, MMA, Gun Training and Fitness.
 We have a diverse clientele ranging from children to adults of all ability levels; from those seeking a phenomenal workout to training military personnel, First responders and competitive fighters.

 ### Professional Trainers Our coaches and instructors consist of former amateur and professional Boxers, Muay-Thai Boxers, experienced Jiu-Jitsu instructors, Combative Arts and Firearms Professionals.
 Our professional friendly staff is prepared to teach you basic through advanced techniques to help you meet your personal objectives.

 ### Private Trainings Duos, small group and one-on-one private trainings are available to meet your schedule and fitness needs.
 Take your sessions to the next level by scheduling a personal training. Training is available for: Boxing, Muay-Thai Boxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, No-gi Jiu-Jitsu, Self-Defense, MMA, Competitive Sport Application, Cross Training, General Fitness and Weight management.
 Email info@gorillacombat.com to start your private lessons.

 ### What our Members are saying
 - “I have done the big fitness clubs in our area but never found a fit until GC. Hands down the most genuine, knowledgeable trainers in an environment that felt comfortable after about 5 minutes…. even in classes partnered with far more experienced members than myself! I am no boxer but I love the training, learning the techniques and finally seeing muscles I thought were long gone.”Heidi Schultz - The gym is super clean. May take some boxing classes there.R R - "Caleb, I just wanted to thank you again for your help in getting ready for Bolivia. I am so impressed with Gorilla Combat and all I've learned. Thank you for getting me some added confidence to walk the streets and help these kids. I truly appreciate it! God Bless. Sincerely," - Lily Fluhartly (Missionary) - tried out all the classes during the trial week; very clean place, very well-educated instructors/coaches, very welcoming atmosphere, and the products are great quality and very well priced products(unlike other gyms that usually charge way above what retailers sell at)Better Films - "Caleb is a very patient and knowledgeable trainer. He's taught me many varieties of fighting, my favorite being Eskrima"Chrissie Daoud - “I LOVE Gorilla Combat! My whole family regularly attends classes here (including my 6 year old!) and we could not be happier with our experience. The classes range from beginner to expert and offer something for everyone. Don’t be scared - come get some!!!!!”Karen Basco GustafsonGroup Level 2 and KBox

 ### Scheduled Classes

 If you are on a Safari browser and cannot see the calendar below, please click here to view the schedule.
 

 #### Conveniently located at 7887 Fuller Rd. STE #101, Eden Prairie, MN 55344
