---
source_url: https://blackdiamondbjj.com/reno-bjj-class-schedule/
final_url: https://blackdiamondbjj.com/reno-bjj-class-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:41.685Z
---

## Black Diamond Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday - | - | - | - | 6:00A-7:00A Beginner MMA | 9:00A - 9:45AKids Gi | - - | - | - | - | - | 10:00A - 10:45ABeginner Gi | - 12:00P - 1:30PAll Levels No-Gi | 12:00P - 1:30PAll Levels No-Gi | 12:00P - 1:30PFundamentals Gi | 12:00P - 1:30PAll Levels No-Gi | 12:00P - 1:30PAll Levels No-Gi | 11:00A - 12:00POpen Mat | 11:30A-12:30P Beginner MMA 4:15P - 5:00PKids Gi | - | 4:15P - 5:00PKids Gi | - | - | - | - 5:00P - 5:45PBeginner Gi | 5:15P - 6:00PKids Gi | 5:00P - 5:45PBeginner Gi | 5:15P - 6:00PKids No-Gi | 5:30P - 7:00PAll Levels Gi | - | - 6:00P - 7:30PIntermediate Gi | 6:00P - 6:45PKids 9+ Gi | 6:00P - 7:30PAdvanced Gi | 6:00P - 6:45PKids 9+ No-Gi | - | - | - - | 6:45P - 8:00PAll Levels No-Gi | - | 6:45P - 8:00PAll Levels No-Gi | - | - | -

 ### Youth BJJ Classes Black Diamond’s kids and teen classes focus on discipline, anti-bullying, and confidence building. We’ve designed these BJJ classes to challenge young students, and develop problem-solving skills that they will use for the rest of their lives. We teach them the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, with lessons on how to deal with aggression, challenges, and bullying. Our instructors practice patience, demand respectfulness, and teach techniques for coping with a bully. Learn more…
 ### Adult BJJ Classes Black Diamond builds on the principles of Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in our adult BJJ classes. Students aged 15 and older learn confidence in dealing with attacks and escapes. We personally work with you on a dynamic range of movements and techniques. All levels, beginner to advanced, are welcome, and will benefit from these classes. Black Diamond BJJ trains in stamina, strength, flexibility, and coordination to develop the body both physically and mentally. Learn more…
 ### Private Lessons If you’re brand new to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, or just aren’t comfortable in an open class setting, Black Diamond offer private BJJ instruction to our members by appointment. Our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu black belt instructors cover basic fundamentals techniques, as well as provide you with important information about BJJ and how it’s used. This program is designed to ease the transition from private classes into our more social ‘standard’ classes. Depending on the student, we can work on beginner to expert-level skills. Learn more…
 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals Our BJJ Fundamentals class focuses on teaching basic movement techniques. It will cater to the new Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner, or those wanting to revisit basic offensive and defensive positions. This class will strengthen students physically and mentally, getting you ready for more in-depth maneuvers. We’ll focus on the basics of grappling, and physical movements that set the foundation for the rest of your learning. No matter your current skill set, our Gracie BJJ black belt instructors will get you to the place you need to be and set you on your way to becoming a skilled Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner.
 ### No-Gi Class The traditional uniform worn for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is called a Gi. Because BJJ fighting can take place in and out of Gi, our classes break into Gi and no-Gi training. The no-Gi class focuses on Jiu-Jitsu in a way that changes the way we control grips, leading to more wrestling and leg lock-orientated style of combat. Movements without the Gi tend to be faster and give a broader understanding of fighting while building confidence in one’s own skill set. Competitive Jiu-Jitsu, like MMA fighting, as well as any self-defense situation, are done without a Gi. This class is welcome to all experience levels, as it is an important aspect to learn.
 ### Membership For convenience, students may wish to complete our registration form before arriving to attend class: Black Diamond Student Membership Form (PDF).
 If you live near Reno, Nevada, and would like more information on Black Diamond Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes or youth BJJ training programs, please call or message us. Our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu black belt instructors teach classes day and night, but will respond to your inquiry as quickly as possible.
