---
source_url: http://www.mckenziemartialarts.com/youth-programs
final_url: https://www.mckenziemartialarts.com/youth-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:40.989Z
---

Menu
 “ This is the most amazing program and coaching my child has been a part of. I wish Coach Adam coached all my kids’ teams! ” — Alicia F.

 ## Voted #1 Martial Arts School every year

 - Don’t over pay for martial arts and sport BJJ that only teach “techniques”. Don’t over pay for martial arts that teach your kids to punch and kick to solve problems. Gracie Bully Proof teaches kids how to realistically de-escalate situations and use physical controlling skills when needed. - Try a Free Trial Program before you get locked into a long term contract from most schools. There is a reason why Gracie Bully Proof is the most respected youth program in the world. - We hear it all too often, “we wish we would have tried your school first. My child is afraid of jiu jitsu from a bad experience”.

 ### Fill out the form for more info, or sign up for our free trial today!

 CLICK HERE FOR A FREE TRIAL PROGRAM

 Summer Camp Specials

 ## PARENTS!!! we have a parent assisted class available for 3-5 year olds. ## this will allow parents to partner or assist their child on the mat if they are not quite ready to have a partner on their own.

 Click for parent assisted class

 ## Homeschool program, every monday at noon ### Click a pic to become a member

 ### ### Lane County's only Certified Bully Proof Program ## What is the #1 Question we receive: Many parents ask, what’s the difference between Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Karate/Tae Kwon Do classes?
 While we believe all martial-arts have value, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has not only been proven to be the most effective martial art for a smaller person to defend themselves in a real fight for nearly a century, it also can be the most gentile.
 We don’t want our kids or students turning into bullies themselves, and we also believe self-defense should be scalable, depending on the situation. Whereas kids Karate/Kung Fu lessons or Taekwondo classes rely solely on landing punches and kicks, jiu-jitsu for kids focuses on neutralizing a threat with verbal boundaries, distance management, body control, and eventual negotiation. Our program has the perfect answer to elementary and middle school “no tolerance” policy.
 Another amazing aspect of this style of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu: We do not emphasize sport training. Sport Jiu Jitsu has weight classes, no punches, and no kicks. Sportive schools will cater to only the best athletes in the room. Our program is for all kids. A bully could potentially be bigger and stronger than your child and they will most likely try and punch and kick. We want our students to be prepared for a real situation that could happen at school or the park. We learn to fight so we never have to.
 Perfect Programs for Every Age
 Nearly all jiu-jitsu schools have all of their youth students bunched into one class, and a few schools have classes separated by age group. The Gracie Bullyproof program is one of the only youth jiu-jitsu programs that separates kids by age AND experience level, so that every child gets the perfect balance of fun and challenge in their weekly classes. All kids begin in super-playful entry level programs for their age group, and as soon as a child reaches a certain level of maturity, they are promoted to the next training program.

 JR. GRAPPLERS KIDS MARTIAL ARTS
 (AGES 7-13)
 GRACIE BULLYPROOF® JR. GRAPPLERS BUILDS UNSHAKABLE CONFIDENCE SO THAT YOUR CHILD CAN OVERCOME BULLYING WITHOUT VIOLENCE. PARENTS LOVE OUR BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAM IN EUGENE BECAUSE IT'S THE PERFECT BLEND OF SELF-DEFENSE AND CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT.

 ## JR. GRAPPLERS KIDS MARTIAL ARTS ## (AGES 7-13)

 ## LITTLE CHAMPS KIDS MARTIAL ARTS ## (AGES 4-7)

 Little Champs Kids Martial Arts
 (Ages 4-7)
 Discover why parents love our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Eugene! Our Gracie Bullyproof® Little Champs program infuses kids with powerful self-defense skills as well as respect, discipline, and focus to help them in school and life.

 #1. ALL CLASSES ARE TAUGHT BY THE HEAD INSTRUCTORS: While it is a common practice in the Martial Arts world to put teenagers, apprentice and assistant instructors in charge of a Youth Program, we pride ourselves on all of our students receiving the best instruction. This will ensure that all of our members are being instructed in the safest atmosphere possible.

 #2 WE ARE NOT A BELT BUYING PROGRAM: We do not support any styles that promote “black belts” to 10 year olds. We have a very unique ranking system that does not promote a false security. Belts, rankings and certificates truly feel earned at our school. Parents are proud of the hard work and dedication their child has put in. It should not cost you $100's each year for belts. Don't be scammed! We have an honest and professional belt system directly from Gracie University HQ.

 #3 MORE THAN SELF DEFENSE : All of our staff members are just like you. We have families too, and we are always looking out for what is best for our children. This is how we approach Martial Arts. We stress in each of our classes the importance of: respect for yourself and others, school work, courage, how to win and lose graciously, bully encounters, emergency escapes and many more character building aspects of martial arts that will help them grow into functioning teens and adults.

 As a Gracie Certified Training Center our youth program embodies many of the teaching methods of the Gracie BULLYPROOF® program. Click here to find out more about the Gracie BULLYPROOF ® program.

 testimonials

 View fullsize

 ### ### Modern Martial Arts you can be proud of ## THE ONLY GRACIE BULLY PROOF® PROGRAM IN LANE COUNTY ## ## Little Champs - Ages 4-7 ## Juniors - Ages 7-13 ### *after your childs 1st class we will know which level is best for them ### The Little Champs program is a very unique time in the child's martial arts career. The Little Champs program is for kids 5-7 years old. Using our time-tested “Gracie Games,” we teach the Little Champs basic self-defense techniques while instilling the foundational principles of leverage and control. The secret to the success of this program is that we make the lessons so fun that the kids beg for more! Once a child masters the ten core Gracie Games, they advance to the Jr. Grapplers program.
 Juniors In the Jr. Grapplers program, we focus on 33 non-violent self-defense techniques that teach children to “neutralize and negotiate” with the bullies. Verbal assertiveness strategies are a major portion of this curriculum. A child needs absolutely no experience to start, and we guarantee a noticeable increase in your child’s confidence within a few weeks!
 Black Belt Club (Invitation Only)
 We invite children who excel in the JUNIORS program to join Black Belt Club. This is our most advanced youth jiu-jitsu program and joining this class is the highest honor for any youth Gracie Jiu-Jitsu practitioner. Kids in this program possess all the traits necessary for success on the path to black belt: discipline, respect, courage, leadership, loyalty, and compassion.

 Fighting Fire with Water
 Most martial arts programs rely on striking the attacker with violent punches, kicks, knees, and elbows, but in the Gracie Bullyproof program we take a different approach. All the techniques are purely defensive and utilize no strikes. Furthermore, we teach children how to defuse confrontations with words and never to initiate physical aggression. If attacked, we offer techniques to non-violently neutralize the threat and gain control until help arrives. In the Gracie Bullyproof program, we teach the children how to fight fire with water so that you never have to worry about your child becoming a bully under our guidance.
 The Gracie Bullyproof program prepares your child using a three-pronged approach:
 - Increased Awareness: Harassment comes in many forms. Sometimes, a victim doesn’t take a stand because they can’t differentiate between “joking” and “bullying.” We teach your child to differentiate between harmless play and harmful harassment so they know precisely when and how to act in each circumstance. - Unshakable Confidence: A confident child is a Bullyproof child. Bullies seek “easy targets” – those who will tolerate their abuse. We arm your child with the tools needed to overcome physical, verbal, and psychological harassment, so they are so confident in themselves that no bully will try to harass them. - Total Responsibility: We prepare your child to deal with bullies without turning them into one. We emphasize discipline, responsibility, and respect throughout the course, and teach five “Rules of Engagement” to ensure they never abuse their power.

 - In addition to live classes, every Youth Student receives a subscription to Gracie University Online, which gives you unlimited online access to the Gracie Combatives streaming instructional video archive. - Use this resource to review past lessons, learn new techniques, and prepare for future belt tests 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, from any computer or mobile device! - Take advantage of this powerful tool and take your technique to the next level!

 ### Character Development ProgramWhat makes the GRACIE BULLYPROOF®and JEET KUNE DO program unique is that we develop your child’s character as well as their confidence. During each class, we dedicate a few minutes to discussing a featured character trait and the simple things your child can do to make it part of their everyday lives. The secret to our success lies in our incentive-based point system that is specifically designed to keep your child excited about making daily progress!Become a part of this Award Winning Martial Arts CommunityMMA is the only school that is dedicated to realistic, safe and FUN Martial Arts. Most kids do not stick with self defense because of boredom and unrealistic techniques. Every single student at MMA is part of “the team”. We build confidence and positive self esteem that will last a life time. Be sure to take advantage of our FREE Introduction and decide for yourself if this is the positive atmosphere you are looking for ### Frequently Asked Questions ### (we have an entire page for this, but here are the two of the most asked) - My Child Has ADHD. Is jiu-jitsu for them?Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes is that it’s an individual sport done in a group environment. We find all our students improve in their focus, self control, discipline and social skills. But the best part is…. They don’t even realize that is what our highly trained kids martial arts instructors are actually doing. They just think they are having fun!The best way to find out for yourself is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. If you are concerned about group classes for your child, we also offer private classes until they feel ready to take on the group class setting! - Will my Child become the bully? Through our work, we have seen that confident kids make kinder kids. We teach children how to not only stand up to bullies for themselves, but how to stand up for others. Our Rules of Engagement teach children to avoid the fight if at all possible by first using their words, and then telling an adult.When they do need to resort to physical self-defense, we do not teach children punches or kicks in the Gracie Bullyproof program, but rather, empowered by Brazilian Jiu-JItsu, to neutralize, defend, control, and negotiate if possible.

 Every month in the United States, three million children miss school due to fear of bullies. In the Gracie Bullyproof program, our goal is to instill in your child unshakable confidence so they can overcome bullies without violence. Due to the non-violent nature of the techniques, CNN, NBC, and Oprah have featured the Gracie Bullyproof program as one of the few effective counter-measures to bullying for children between the ages of 4 and 13. In this program, we teach your child to use verbal assertiveness to deter bullies and several non-violent self-defense techniques to stay safe if physically assaulted. Importantly, we don't teach how to punch or kick, since this often does more harm than good. Instead, we use leverage-based control holds to neutralize threats without violence. Numerous school districts have embraced the defensive nature of the Gracie Bullyproof techniques as a reasonable, nonviolent response to bullying and some even host Gracie Bullyproof classes on campus!
 The bottom line is: we will prepare your child to defend themselves against bullies without turning them into one

 ### fill out the form below with any question - thanks!

 # PLEASE CHECK YOUR SPAM/JUNK MAIL # FOR OUR RETURN EMAIL

 ### FACEBOOK SCHEDULE contact
