---
source_url: https://rocha-bjj.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://rocha-bjj.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:23.775Z
---

## Free Week Trial Get a full week of training at Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with no strings attached! Experience our BJJ, Muay Thai, or Women’s Self-Defense classes and see if it’s right for you.

 Sign Up!
 ##### Claim Your Free Week of Martial Arts Training Today! ×

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Gi & No Gi)
 ### What We Offer Our BJJ program is designed for both kids and adults, ensuring that every age group benefits from expert instruction. We offer classes tailored to different age groups:
 - Kids (Ages 4-14): Our kids’ classes focus on building confidence, coordination, and discipline. Through engaging and interactive training, children learn self-defense while developing important life skills like focus, respect, and teamwork. These lessons not only help on the mats but also positively impact school and social interactions. - Adults (Ages 15+): For teens and adults, our program emphasizes both the technical side of BJJ and the physical fitness it provides. Whether your goal is to compete, stay in shape, or learn practical self-defense, our classes welcome all skill levels. Our experienced instructors guide you through drills, live sparring, and detailed technique work, helping you progress at your own pace.

 ### Why Train in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is one of the most effective martial arts for self-defense, focusing on technique and leverage rather than relying on strength. Whether you train in Gi or No Gi, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches you how to control and submit opponents using technique and leverage. This makes it ideal for all body types and fitness levels.
 Beyond the physical gains, BJJ challenges your mind. Often called “human chess,” it requires strategic thinking with every move. Not only will you get in great shape, but you’ll also enhance your problem-solving skills, patience, and perseverance.

 ### A Welcoming Community At Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we take pride in fostering a welcoming and inclusive community. Our BJJ program goes beyond just learning techniques—it’s about becoming part of a family. You’ll train alongside others who are just as committed to helping you grow as they are to reaching their own goals. Whether you’re a child building confidence, an adult pursuing fitness, or a competitor preparing for your next challenge, we support one another every step of the way.

 #### Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (501) 902-8647
 rochabjj2024@gmail.com
 4120 East Mccain Blvd, Suite 203, North Little Rock, AR, 72117
 Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu welcomes everyone from North Little Rock and those in Little Rock, Sherwood, Jacksonville, Maumelle, and anyone else in central Arkansas. We are located off East McCain Boulevard above Cactus Jack!
