---
source_url: https://rocha-bjj.com/programs/womens-self-defense/
final_url: https://rocha-bjj.com/programs/womens-self-defense/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:24.630Z
---

## Free Week Trial Get a full week of training at Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with no strings attached! Experience our BJJ, Muay Thai, or Women’s Self-Defense classes and see if it’s right for you.

 Sign Up!
 ##### Claim Your Free Week of Martial Arts Training Today! ×

 ## Women's Self Defense
 ### What We Offer Our Women’s Self Defense classes are designed for the ages 12+, ensuring that participants receive age-appropriate, high-quality instruction.
 - Women (Ages 12+): In our Self-Defense classes, we focus on empowering participants through comprehensive training tailored to individual needs. You will engage in a variety of sessions that cover essential self-defense techniques, situational awareness, and effective responses to potential threats. Learn to utilize your strength, leverage, and strategic thinking to defend yourself effectively.

 ### Why Train in Self-Defense? Training in self-defense is crucial for women of all ages, helping you build confidence and awareness in various situations. Our program teaches you effective techniques that emphasize real-world application, ensuring you can protect yourself when it matters most. Beyond physical skills, you will cultivate a stronger mindset, improve your fitness, and learn to remain calm under pressure—transforming fear into confidence.
 Training in our program goes beyond physical techniques. You’ll gain invaluable insights into personal safety, allowing you to navigate various environments with assurance. Plus, it’s a fantastic way to relieve stress and improve your overall well-being.

 ### A Supportive Training Environment At Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we pride ourselves on fostering a welcoming community where women can train together, share experiences, and support one another on their journey. Our instructors are committed to creating a safe and encouraging space, ensuring you receive personalized guidance tailored to your skill level. Join us today to connect with others and build lasting friendships while empowering yourself with vital self-defense skills!

 #### Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (501) 902-8647
 rochabjj2024@gmail.com
 4120 East Mccain Blvd, Suite 203, North Little Rock, AR, 72117
 Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu welcomes everyone from North Little Rock and those in Little Rock, Sherwood, Jacksonville, Maumelle, and anyone else in central Arkansas. We are located off East McCain Boulevard above Cactus Jack!
