---
source_url: https://rocha-bjj.com/programs/muay-thai/
final_url: https://rocha-bjj.com/programs/muay-thai/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:25.113Z
---

## Free Week Trial Get a full week of training at Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with no strings attached! Experience our BJJ, Muay Thai, or Women’s Self-Defense classes and see if it’s right for you.

 Sign Up!
 ##### Claim Your Free Week of Martial Arts Training Today! ×

 ## Muay Thai
 ### What We Offer Our Muay Thai classes are designed for adults (ages 15+), ensuring that participants receive age-appropriate, high-quality instruction.
 - Adults (Ages 15+): These classes provide a full-body workout while teaching the art of Muay Thai, using punches, kicks, elbows, and knees. You’ll build endurance, strength, and flexibility while mastering practical self-defense and effective striking techniques. Whether your goal is fitness, self-defense, or competition, our expert coaches will guide you step by step on your journey.

 ### Why Train in Muay Thai? Muay Thai is one of the most powerful and effective striking arts in the world. Known as the “Art of Eight Limbs,” it incorporates punches, kicks, elbows, and knees to teach you how to defend yourself and handle close-quarters combat. As you sharpen your techniques, you’ll also build fitness, coordination, and mental toughness.
 Training offers benefits beyond physical strength. You’ll learn to stay calm under pressure, react quickly to challenges, and push past mental barriers. It’s a fantastic way to relieve stress, boost your confidence, and transform both your mind and body.

 ### A Supportive Training Environment At Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we believe in fostering a supportive community where everyone lifts each other up. Our classes focus on teamwork and personal growth. Whether you’re looking for a challenging workout or aiming to sharpen your skills, you’ll train alongside others who are just as motivated to help you succeed. Our experienced coaches provide personalized instruction, ensuring you receive the guidance you need to reach your goals.

 #### Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (501) 902-8647
 rochabjj2024@gmail.com
 4120 East Mccain Blvd, Suite 203, North Little Rock, AR, 72117
 Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu welcomes everyone from North Little Rock and those in Little Rock, Sherwood, Jacksonville, Maumelle, and anyone else in central Arkansas. We are located off East McCain Boulevard above Cactus Jack!
