---
source_url: https://rocha-bjj.com
final_url: https://rocha-bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:25.761Z
---

# Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### “It’s normal, my champion” Get Started Today For Free!

 ##### Claim Your Free Week of Martial Arts Training Today! ×

 #### Welcome To ## Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Welcome to Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) in North Little Rock, Arkansas! Our gym invites you to compete in martial arts or enhance your health and wellness. Here, you’ll step into a vibrant atmosphere filled with camaraderie, fellowship, and community spirit. Our instructors focus on instilling discipline in every student, guiding them to keep fighting even when faced with challenges. While we strive for victory in all our endeavors, our primary goal is to empower each student with leadership skills and respect for others. Join us today and discover a family-oriented community dedicated to growth and excellence!

 ## Free Week Trial Get a full week of training at Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with no strings attached! Experience our BJJ, Muay Thai, or Women’s Self-Defense classes and see if it’s right for you.

 Sign Up!
 ##### Claim Your Free Week of Martial Arts Training Today! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: At Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, students experience more than just generic martial arts training. We take the time to break down each movement and delve into the details that can determine your success on the mat. Every student willing to put in the effort will receive comprehensive guidance throughout their journey. While we challenge our students, we embrace the motto, “It’s normal, my champion,” believing that a little adversity is essential for growth. This process ignites the fire within each individual, using Jiu Jitsu as a powerful outlet. Our mission is to help everyone discover their greatest selves here at Rocha!
 #### Our History: Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu launched in December 2023, when co-owner and head instructor Alexandre Rocha began teaching private lessons in the home of co-owner Matt McAlister. Since that humble beginning, Rocha has transformed into a dedicated gym, providing a better environment for Alexandre to teach. His martial arts journey spans over 15 years, starting in Aracaju, Sergipe, Brazil, where he initially trained in Muay Thai before quickly transitioning to BJJ. Together with Matt, Alexandre opened Rocha driven by their pure love for martial arts, particularly BJJ, which has been instrumental in managing stress and anxiety. Today, Alexandre and Matt are committed to positively impacting the community by delivering the highest quality martial arts training at Rocha.
 About Us

 ## Family Discount Bring your family and save! When multiple family members sign up, the 2nd and 3rd get 50% off their membership dues. Train together and grow stronger as a team.

 Sign Up!
 ##### Save 50% on Additional Family Member Memberships! ×

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Health ###### Our students’ fitness is a top priority at Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Martial arts provide a great avenue for stress relief and improving your health and wellness.

 ##### Respect ###### A lesson martial arts teaches everyone is the value of respect. We want our students to better themselves by respecting everyone on and off the mat.

 ##### Competition ###### We want all our students to be the best there is. Our competition teams work hard to climb to the top while learning life lessons on the way.

 ##### Passion ###### Everyone at Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu truly loves martial arts. This love for the craft makes our instructors and students better and provides the best experience possible.

 ##### Perseverance ###### Martial arts opens our eyes to a world where failure fuels growth. Through all the pain and hard work of training, it’s important to remember it’s for the best, and, it’s normal, my champion.

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To!

 ## Membership Registration Ready to join Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Register now and become part of our supportive community. With classes in BJJ, Muay Thai, and Women’s Self-Defense, we’ve got something for everyone.

 Sign Up!
 ##### Join Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Start Training Today! ×

 ## Testimonials

 The focus on technical and physical development makes the gym a great place for those looking to improve their Jiu Jitsu.

 Marcos O.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 Rocha Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy is incredible! Great instructors, a welcoming atmosphere, and top-level training for all skill levels. Highly recommended!

 Max A.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 Master Alexandre is an excellent professional and knows a lot about Jiu Jitsu!

 Raquel P.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 My kids and I attend class regularly. We enjoy the environment and people, great learning for kids and old guys. We love it.

 Chase L.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 The best gym in the United States 👏🏼🥋 …

 Lucas S.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 Best fighting academy I've ever been to, they are really attentive to the students!!!

 Monique G.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu warmly welcomes everyone from North Little Rock, as well as those in Little Rock, Sherwood, Jacksonville, Maumelle, and surrounding areas in central Arkansas. You can easily find us off East McCain Boulevard, situated above Cactus Jack!

 (501) 902-8647
 rochabjj2024@gmail.com
 4120 East Mccain Blvd, Suite 203, North Little Rock, AR, 72117
 Get Directions

 ### Rocha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 4120 East Mccain Blvd, Suite 203, North Little Rock, AR, 72117
 Get Directions

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule
