---
source_url: https://havocbjj.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://havocbjj.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:19.156Z
---

## Not sure where to start your BJJ journey?
 Let's have a chat and see if we're a good fit for each other. Just put in your info below and we'll reach out to you.
 We're excited to chat with you.

 +1

 - United States+1 - United Kingdom+44 - - Afghanistan (‫افغانستان‬‎)+93 - Albania (Shqipëri)+355 - Algeria (‫الجزائر‬‎)+213 - American Samoa+1 - Andorra+376 - Angola+244 - Anguilla+1 - Antigua and Barbuda+1 - Argentina+54 - Armenia (Հայաստան)+374 - Aruba+297 - Ascension Island+247 - Australia+61 - Austria (Österreich)+43 - Azerbaijan (Azərbaycan)+994 - Bahamas+1 - Bahrain (‫البحرين‬‎)+973 - Bangladesh (বাংলাদেশ)+880 - Barbados+1 - Belarus (Беларусь)+375 - Belgium (België)+32 - Belize+501 - Benin (Bénin)+229 - Bermuda+1 - Bhutan (འབྲུག)+975 - Bolivia+591 - Bosnia and Herzegovina (Босна и Херцеговина)+387 - Botswana+267 - Brazil (Brasil)+55 - British Indian Ocean Territory+246 - British Virgin Islands+1 - Brunei+673 - Bulgaria (България)+359 - Burkina Faso+226 - Burundi (Uburundi)+257 - Cambodia (កម្ពុជា)+855 - Cameroon (Cameroun)+237 - Canada+1 - Cape Verde (Kabu Verdi)+238 - Caribbean Netherlands+599 - Cayman Islands+1 - Central African Republic (République centrafricaine)+236 - Chad (Tchad)+235 - Chile+56 - China (中国)+86 - Christmas Island+61 - Cocos (Keeling) Islands+61 - Colombia+57 - Comoros (‫جزر القمر‬‎)+269 - Congo (DRC) (Jamhuri ya Kidemokrasia ya Kongo)+243 - Congo (Republic) (Congo-Brazzaville)+242 - Cook Islands+682 - Costa Rica+506 - Côte d’Ivoire+225 - Croatia (Hrvatska)+385 - Cuba+53 - Curaçao+599 - Cyprus (Κύπρος)+357 - Czech Republic (Česká republika)+420 - Denmark (Danmark)+45 - Djibouti+253 - Dominica+1 - Dominican Republic (República Dominicana)+1 - Ecuador+593 - Egypt (‫مصر‬‎)+20 - El Salvador+503 - Equatorial Guinea (Guinea Ecuatorial)+240 - Eritrea+291 - Estonia (Eesti)+372 - Eswatini+268 - Ethiopia+251 - Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)+500 - Faroe Islands (Føroyar)+298 - Fiji+679 - Finland (Suomi)+358 - France+33 - French Guiana (Guyane française)+594 - French Polynesia (Polynésie française)+689 - Gabon+241 - Gambia+220 - Georgia (საქართველო)+995 - Germany (Deutschland)+49 - Ghana (Gaana)+233 - Gibraltar+350 - Greece (Ελλάδα)+30 - Greenland (Kalaallit Nunaat)+299 - Grenada+1 - Guadeloupe+590 - Guam+1 - Guatemala+502 - Guernsey+44 - Guinea (Guinée)+224 - Guinea-Bissau (Guiné Bissau)+245 - Guyana+592 - Haiti+509 - Honduras+504 - Hong Kong (香港)+852 - Hungary (Magyarország)+36 - Iceland (Ísland)+354 - India (भारत)+91 - Indonesia+62 - Iran (‫ایران‬‎)+98 - Iraq (‫العراق‬‎)+964 - Ireland+353 - Isle of Man+44 - Israel (‫ישראל‬‎)+972 - Italy (Italia)+39 - Jamaica+1 - Japan (日本)+81 - Jersey+44 - Jordan (‫الأردن‬‎)+962 - Kazakhstan (Казахстан)+7 - Kenya+254 - Kiribati+686 - Kosovo+383 - Kuwait (‫الكويت‬‎)+965 - Kyrgyzstan (Кыргызстан)+996 - Laos (ລາວ)+856 - Latvia (Latvija)+371 - Lebanon (‫لبنان‬‎)+961 - Lesotho+266 - Liberia+231 - Libya (‫ليبيا‬‎)+218 - Liechtenstein+423 - Lithuania (Lietuva)+370 - Luxembourg+352 - Macau (澳門)+853 - Madagascar (Madagasikara)+261 - Malawi+265 - Malaysia+60 - Maldives+960 - Mali+223 - Malta+356 - Marshall Islands+692 - Martinique+596 - Mauritania (‫موريتانيا‬‎)+222 - Mauritius (Moris)+230 - Mayotte+262 - Mexico (México)+52 - Micronesia+691 - Moldova (Republica Moldova)+373 - Monaco+377 - Mongolia (Монгол)+976 - Montenegro (Crna Gora)+382 - Montserrat+1 - Morocco (‫المغرب‬‎)+212 - Mozambique (Moçambique)+258 - Myanmar (Burma) (မြန်မာ)+95 - Namibia (Namibië)+264 - Nauru+674 - Nepal (नेपाल)+977 - Netherlands (Nederland)+31 - New Caledonia (Nouvelle-Calédonie)+687 - New Zealand+64 - Nicaragua+505 - Niger (Nijar)+227 - Nigeria+234 - Niue+683 - Norfolk Island+672 - North Korea (조선 민주주의 인민 공화국)+850 - North Macedonia (Северна Македонија)+389 - Northern Mariana Islands+1 - Norway (Norge)+47 - Oman (‫عُمان‬‎)+968 - Pakistan (‫پاکستان‬‎)+92 - Palau+680 - Palestine (‫فلسطين‬‎)+970 - Panama (Panamá)+507 - Papua New Guinea+675 - Paraguay+595 - Peru (Perú)+51 - Philippines+63 - Poland (Polska)+48 - Portugal+351 - Puerto Rico+1 - Qatar (‫قطر‬‎)+974 - Réunion (La Réunion)+262 - Romania (România)+40 - Russia (Россия)+7 - Rwanda+250 - Saint Barthélemy+590 - Saint Helena+290 - Saint Kitts and Nevis+1 - Saint Lucia+1 - Saint Martin (Saint-Martin (partie française))+590 - Saint Pierre and Miquelon (Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon)+508 - Saint Vincent and the Grenadines+1 - Samoa+685 - San Marino+378 - São Tomé and Príncipe (São Tomé e Príncipe)+239 - Saudi Arabia (‫المملكة العربية السعودية‬‎)+966 - Senegal (Sénégal)+221 - Serbia (Србија)+381 - Seychelles+248 - Sierra Leone+232 - Singapore+65 - Sint Maarten+1 - Slovakia (Slovensko)+421 - Slovenia (Slovenija)+386 - Solomon Islands+677 - Somalia (Soomaaliya)+252 - South Africa+27 - South Korea (대한민국)+82 - South Sudan (‫جنوب السودان‬‎)+211 - Spain (España)+34 - Sri Lanka (ශ්‍රී ලංකාව)+94 - Sudan (‫السودان‬‎)+249 - Suriname+597 - Svalbard and Jan Mayen+47 - Sweden (Sverige)+46 - Switzerland (Schweiz)+41 - Syria (‫سوريا‬‎)+963 - Taiwan (台灣)+886 - Tajikistan+992 - Tanzania+255 - Thailand (ไทย)+66 - Timor-Leste+670 - Togo+228 - Tokelau+690 - Tonga+676 - Trinidad and Tobago+1 - Tunisia (‫تونس‬‎)+216 - Turkey (Türkiye)+90 - Turkmenistan+993 - Turks and Caicos Islands+1 - Tuvalu+688 - U.S. Virgin Islands+1 - Uganda+256 - Ukraine (Україна)+380 - United Arab Emirates (‫الإمارات العربية المتحدة‬‎)+971 - United Kingdom+44 - United States+1 - Uruguay+598 - Uzbekistan (Oʻzbekiston)+998 - Vanuatu+678 - Vatican City (Città del Vaticano)+39 - Venezuela+58 - Vietnam (Việt Nam)+84 - Wallis and Futuna (Wallis-et-Futuna)+681 - Western Sahara (‫الصحراء الغربية‬‎)+212 - Yemen (‫اليمن‬‎)+967 - Zambia+260 - Zimbabwe+263 - Åland Islands+358

 Send It

 Oops! Sorry!!

 This site doesn't support Internet Explorer. Please use a modern browser like Chrome, Firefox or Edge.

 Home
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Standup
 Pricing
 Schedule
 Apparel

 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes

 ## Kids/Teens BJJ Class
 Weekly Classes
 Not all of the kids' class time is strictly Brazilian Jiu Jitsu technique, there are a lot of activities that are great exercise (and quite often fun), but still helpful in building self defense skills and confidence.

 Ages
 Kids may start class at age 5. Teens may move up to the adult's class when both they and the instructor feel it is appropriate.

 Belt Progression
 Belts are funny things. We feel the techniques learned and the skill of their use are the most important aspects of training. However, people often need an external indicator of their progress. We try not to let having a certain color of belt be the focus of anyone's training.

 That being said, here is the layout of the belt system. The system for kids is slightly different from that of the adults.
 The belts are White, Grey, Yellow, Orange, Green; 4 stripes at each level, fifth strip progresses to the next belt. We don't have a formal testing process, students are promoted based on their individual progress.
 A Green belt student moving up to the adult class would be promoted to Jr Blue belt.

 ## Adults BJJ Classes
 To Gi or Not to Gi?
 We have two styles of Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, one is the gi class, where you are trained to utilize the gi uniform in your offense and defense. The other is the no-gi class, which involves more advanced techniques, once you've gotten a little experience in Jiu Jitsu.

 Weekly Classes
 Each week will typically have some sort of theme that the techniques will be centered around. Classes will start with a warmup then progress into the instruction portion. Several techniques will be taught and practiced at a slow pace. At the end of class, students may stick around for the "rolling" portion of the class, where students can pair up and practice at a higher level of effort.
 We all act respectfully and try not to injure each other.

 Area Competitions
 Some students train with the intent of participating in competitions, while others do not. If you do decide to compete, you'll be well supported.
 Belt Progression
 The belts are White, Blue, Purple, Brown, Black; 4 stripes at each level, fifth strip progresses to the next belt. We don't have a formal testing process, students are promoted based on their individual progress assessed by the instructor.

 ## Our Instructors
 ### Shawn Prosser
 Head Black Belt

 Shawn has trained for 20 years and has been an instructor in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for both children and adult classes for more than 14 years.
 Shawn strives to build a stronger community one individual at a time. He believes in humility as an instructor and his purpose is to help everyone become instructors of their own lives.
 He is a member of the IBJJF. He has competed and medaled in several Brazilian Jiu Jitsu tournaments in Southern California. He is the owner of Havoc Brazilian Jiu Jitsu since 2016. Shawn's superpower is teaching kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and patience.

 ### Michael Hoover
 Brown Belt

 Michael is from Broken Arrow and has 10 years of experience in BJJ, Muay Thai, and MMA.
 His favorite submission is the kneebar.
 Michael has been teaching kids for 2 years, and now he is our skilled instructor for the Adults' No-Gi class.
 He loves Jiu Jitsu, but also enjoys travelling, hiking, and building things with his hands.

 ### Madison Jones
 Purple Belt

 Madison Jones started her Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey 8 years ago in Eugene, Oregon in a Women’s Self-Defense class at the University of Oregon. She was blown away by what she learned in this class and immediately pursued Jiu-Jitsu at Northwest Martial Arts Academy and began assisting the self-defense class the very next term.
 Not long after starting at NWMA she began teaching the children’s classes while continuing teaching self-defense at U of O. She’s also taught countless women’s self-defense seminars for the women in her community and helped pioneer and continue a women’s class at her home gym.
 She is now a seasoned and technical purple belt with 8 years of coaching experience. She’s recently moved to Owasso, OK and is excited to continue to share her technical knowledge and passion for Jiu-Jitsu in our Women’s Class

 ## Here's What Our Students Have To Say...
 #### Russell M.

 I think Shawn is in his element when teaching the kids class. You can see how much he cares. I am often jealous of how much fun the kids seem to have in their class. I drive from Wagoner to attend the adults' class.

 #### Rating:
 #### Blue Belt

 Low stress, great attitude, respect.

 Check the Schedule to Get Started

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Muay Thai

 ### Check Out Our Facebook Page

 ### Contact
 - [email protected] - - (918) 809-4851

 © 2023 Havoc BJJ. All Rights Reserved.

 Terms of Service

 Privacy Policy
