---
source_url: http://www.stoicjiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://stoicjiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:37.604Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Dripping Springs ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Contact me by phone

 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Stoic Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Dripping Springs Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Dripping Springs! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Dripping Springs will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Stoic Jiu Jitsu Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Become Your Best Self Request information

 Stoic Jiu Jitsu is an amazing place to learn effective grappling and self-defense techniques. Marcus Douthitt, the owner and head instructor, is incredibly knowledgeable and innovative. I've been training under him for 1.5 years now and learn something critical in every class.
 On top of great instruction, Stoic fosters a sense of community through social media and out of gym social events.
 Come join us here if you're looking for a fun environment to learn a great skill and stay in shape!

 Marcus and Laci have created an amazing gym. They are both invested in all their members, new and old. Every week we learn a new skill, building on that skill each day. Lesson are clear and well thought out. Even in very large classes Marcus helps each person to learn and grow. They have a a large teen group that is growing and is supported by all. As a female at the gym I’ve always been supported by coaches and teammates. They also started two new female classes led by Laci. We love our gym and our gym family!

 Stoic JJ is a fantastic facility! They have a great gym, and the instructors are top tier. They have a variety of classes, and offerings - so they're able to cater to individuals of all ages and skill levels. I highly recommend Stoic JJ for beginners and experts alike! Check them out!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
