---
source_url: http://www.stoicjiujitsu.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://stoicjiujitsu.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:37.939Z
---

# Stoic Jiu Jitsu Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Contact me by phone

 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Stoic Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 choose your class type
 Print
 Monday - 6:00 AM - 7:00 AM Adult: Gi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt - 10:45 AM - 11:30 AM Kids: Homeschool 4-12 - Instr:Raul Ramirez - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Adult: Gi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM Kids: Little 4-7 - Instr:Brent Toups - 5:45 PM - 6:30 PM Kids: Big 8-12 - Instr:Brent Toups - 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM Beginner Gi - Instr:Bryan Netherland

 Tuesday - 6:00 AM - 7:00 AM Adult: Nogi - Instr:Matt Cody - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Adult: Gi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM Kids: Little 4-7 - Instr:Brent Toups - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM Adult: Nogi - Instr:Bryan Kapustinski - 5:45 PM - 6:30 PM Kids: Big 8-12 - Instr:Brent Toups - 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM Adult: Gi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt

 Wednesday - 6:00 AM - 7:00 AM Adult: NoGi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt - 10:45 AM - 11:30 AM Kids: Homeschool 4-12 - Instr:Raul Ramirez - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Adult: NoGi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM Kids: Little 4-7 - Instr:Brent Toups - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM Adult: Gi Fundamentals - Instr:Laci Douthitt - 5:45 PM - 6:30 PM Kids: Big 8-12 - Instr:Brent Toups - 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM Adult: Gi - Instr:Laci Douthitt

 Thursday - 6:00 AM - 7:00 AM Adult: Nogi - Instr:Matt Cody - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Adult: Gi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM Kids: 4-7 - Instr:Brent Toups - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM Adult: Nogi - Instr:Bryan Kapustinski - 5:45 PM - 6:30 PM Kids: 8-12 NoGi - Instr:Brent Toups - 6:30 PM - 8:00 PM Adult: NoGi - Instr:Brent Toups

 Friday - 6:00 AM - 7:00 AM Adult: Gi - Instr:Marcus Douthitt - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Adult: Gi - Instr:Laci Douthitt

 Saturday - 10:00 AM - 10:45 PM Kids: 4-12 - Instr:Brent Toups - 10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Adult: Gi Fundamentals - Instr:Bryan Netherland - 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM Open Mat - 1:00 PM - 3:00 PM Guided Range - Pistol - Instr:Marcus Douthitt

 Sunday

 ## Become Your Best Self Request information

 Stoic Jiu Jitsu is an amazing place to learn effective grappling and self-defense techniques. Marcus Douthitt, the owner and head instructor, is incredibly knowledgeable and innovative. I've been training under him for 1.5 years now and learn something critical in every class.
 On top of great instruction, Stoic fosters a sense of community through social media and out of gym social events.
 Come join us here if you're looking for a fun environment to learn a great skill and stay in shape!

 Marcus and Laci have created an amazing gym. They are both invested in all their members, new and old. Every week we learn a new skill, building on that skill each day. Lesson are clear and well thought out. Even in very large classes Marcus helps each person to learn and grow. They have a a large teen group that is growing and is supported by all. As a female at the gym I’ve always been supported by coaches and teammates. They also started two new female classes led by Laci. We love our gym and our gym family!

 Stoic JJ is a fantastic facility! They have a great gym, and the instructors are top tier. They have a variety of classes, and offerings - so they're able to cater to individuals of all ages and skill levels. I highly recommend Stoic JJ for beginners and experts alike! Check them out!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
