---
source_url: http://www.stoicjiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://stoicjiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:38.277Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Dripping Springs ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Contact me by phone

 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Stoic Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Help Your Child Build Confidence And Strength In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Prepare your child for any challenge life throws their way with our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Dripping Springs. Focusing specifically on the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, these traditional Gi classes build students ages 4 to 12 up through positive reinforcement and exciting classes that are always changing.
 At Stoic Jiu Jitsu, we are committed to helping children of all backgrounds and abilities learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do.
 Get more information now!

 #### Your Child Can Master Every Aspect Of BJJ In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches students to overcome an opponent's size and strength by establishing superior technique and leverage.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Dripping Springs will teach your child all the basics of BJJ in a safe and secure environment, helping them progress through the system with a series of accomplishments and celebrations.
 Your child will quickly learn how to face down a bully with effective conflict resolution strategies - avoiding physical interactions at all costs. But when it's unavoidable, your child will also be prepared to defend themselves and their friends.
 In our exciting Kids Martial Arts classes, we help children build:
 - Strength and coordination - Improved athleticism - Speed, agility, and flexibility - Complete confidence in themselves and their skillset
 #### PLUS Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Dripping Springs Offer Life Skills That Will Serve Your Child For Years To Come Whether your child goes on to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a professional athlete, they'll need a core set of character traits to serve them along the way. At Stoic Jiu Jitsu, we're making those skills easier and more exciting to learn than ever.
 Our Kids Martial Arts instructors are dedicated to making each and every class fun, keeping our students motivated from start to finish. And with the help of fundamental BJJ instruction, we help children take pride in the learning process and find the strategies that work best for them.
 In no time, your child can develop:
 - Respect for others - Communication and teamwork skills - Focus and attention to detail - Perseverance and determination - And an unwavering sense of accomplishment
 #### Get Started Today Or Learn More About The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Dripping Springs Don't let your child struggle to find their footing. At Stoic Jiu Jitsu, we are here to help students ages 4 to 12 and of all abilities take pride in what they do and develop vital self-defense skill along the way. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are helping young students develop all the tools they need to succeed. Your child could be next.
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes, all you have to do is fill out the short form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Become Your Best Self Request information

 Stoic Jiu Jitsu is an amazing place to learn effective grappling and self-defense techniques. Marcus Douthitt, the owner and head instructor, is incredibly knowledgeable and innovative. I've been training under him for 1.5 years now and learn something critical in every class.
 On top of great instruction, Stoic fosters a sense of community through social media and out of gym social events.
 Come join us here if you're looking for a fun environment to learn a great skill and stay in shape!

 Marcus and Laci have created an amazing gym. They are both invested in all their members, new and old. Every week we learn a new skill, building on that skill each day. Lesson are clear and well thought out. Even in very large classes Marcus helps each person to learn and grow. They have a a large teen group that is growing and is supported by all. As a female at the gym I’ve always been supported by coaches and teammates. They also started two new female classes led by Laci. We love our gym and our gym family!

 Stoic JJ is a fantastic facility! They have a great gym, and the instructors are top tier. They have a variety of classes, and offerings - so they're able to cater to individuals of all ages and skill levels. I highly recommend Stoic JJ for beginners and experts alike! Check them out!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
