---
source_url: https://www.southsidejiujitsuclubchicago.com
final_url: https://www.southsidejiujitsuclubchicago.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:57.182Z
---

Visiting? Drop In

 Book Free Goal Setting Consult

 Southside JiuJitsu Club

 # Bringing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to the Southside of Chicago
 Join the Tribe

 Book Free Goal Settng Consult
 Get In Touch

 ### all levels jiu jitsu in chicago, il
 At South Side Jiu Jitsu Club, we don't just teach techniques; we sculpt warriors. Our academy is more than a training ground—it's a sanctuary where ambition meets discipline, and where students become family. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or stepping onto the mats for the first time, we want to guide you each step of the way.

 Embrace the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu—a martial art that goes beyond self-defense. A way of life that hones both body and mind, cultivating strength, flexibility, and a mindset that conquers challenges both on and off the mat. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or stepping onto the mats for the first time, we are committed to guiding you on a transformative journey.

 Ready to embark on your Jiu Jitsu journey with us? Book an introductory session. Let the mats be your canvas, and together, we'll paint a masterpiece of strength, resilience, and self-discovery. Welcome to Southside Jiu Jitsu Club!

 Book A Free Intro

 ## Featured Programs
 Explore Southside Jiu Jitsu's diverse programs, ranging from All Levels BJJ to Youth BJJ, designed to cater to practitioners of all ages and skill levels.

 ### 6 Week Transformation Challenge Your Introduction to Southside Jiu Jitsu Club

 ### Prime Membership (Adults BJJ) The only jiu jitsu membership you'll ever need

 ### Youth BJJ (Kid's Prime Membership) Building confidence, discipline, and respect in young warriors through jiu jitsu

 ## Gym Schedule
 Check out Southside Jiu Jitsu's dynamic schedule offering a variety of classes throughout the week

 ## Testimonials
 Lakisha C.
 Southside Jiu Jitsu helped me get back on track! I joined the 6-week bootcamp and reached my goal of losing 12 lbs. The guidance, meal plan, and supplement plan, were excellent and tailored to my needs. I’ve struggled with weight loss for a few years now and this bootcamp helped me break a plateau. The coaches are supportive and extremely knowledgeable on all things fitness and jiu jitsu. The people I trained with were always friendly and welcoming. This training facility is run like a family and I greatly appreciate that. If you want to try something different and get fit while having fun and learning how to use your body in different ways Southside Jiu Jitsu is a great place to do so!

 Javier M.
 This place has been a lot of fun. Took a few classes and every time I show up I learn something new. I feel like I have a better understanding of how to move my body and noticeably less stressed. The people have been incredibly supportive and welcoming. The coaches are knowledgeable considerate and the fact that they enjoy and really care about what they do comes through every moment of the class. Its been amazing and I highly recommend anyone to give it a shot and see if this is for them. I can't wait for the next class and see how far I can go. If you're trying to grow in either physical fitness, want a fun hobby to learn, want more confidence or just a place to go get away from the stresses of daily life. Then I do suggest giving this place a try.

 Dakarai H.
 I’m really loving my time at South Side Jiu Jitsu. Big shout out to Professor Solomon for introducing such a great contribution to the area. Having such skilled, knowledgeable instructors in the neighborhood is a huge plus, and they’re also super friendly and easy to learn from. The gym is always clean, the energy is welcoming, and the culture really feels like a community—not just a place to train. Highly recommend checking it out.

 Check out more of our member reviews →

 Founder

 ### Meet coach Solo
 Solomon Dixon, the founder of South Side Jiu Jitsu Club, is a true testament to the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. With a dedicated journey in the martial arts world, Solomon has not only achieved a prestigious black belt under Adem Redzovic (a 4th degree black belt under Red Belt, Carley Gracie) but he also has an amateur MMA record of 2-0.

 Beyond his achievements on the mat, Solomon carries a profound belief in the potential of Jiu Jitsu to make a positive impact on the world. He envisions a future where Jiu Jitsu serves as a catalyst for change, fostering stronger, safer, and more connected communities.

 Read Bio

 Follow Us on Instagram

 ### @southsidejiujitsuclub_ch
 Discover fitness inspiration, community camaraderie, and exciting updates by visiting our vibrant Instagram page today!

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 ## schedule your introductory jiu jitsu session today!
 Are you ready to embark on an exciting journey into the world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? We invite you to schedule your introductory session with us! Whether you're a beginner or an experienced practitioner, Solomon is here to guide you on your path to mastery.

 Book A Free Intro

 QUICK LINKS

 CONTACT

 837 & 841 E 63rd St, Chicago, IL 60637

 info@southsidejiujitsuclubchicago.com

 850-368-6861

 HOURS

 Mon, Thu 6:00 am - 8:00 am 5:00 pm - 8:30 pm
 Tue, Fri 5:00 pm - 8:30 pm
 Wednesday 6:00 pm - 8:30 pm
 Sat - Sun 10:00 am - 1:00 pm

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:
