---
source_url: http://www.torresmartialarts.com
final_url: https://torresmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:48.879Z
---

Facebook Instagram Youtube

 ## There is no reward without sacrifice.

 UNLIMITED TRAINING, Open 7 Days a Week!

 JOIN TODAY!

 LEARN MORE

 REGISTER FOR A FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 SIGN UP

 About TORRES MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY

 #### Flexible Time Open 7 Days a week. Morning, Evening and Night Classes available.

 #### MemerbshipPlans Affordable plans for your personal goals, family plans are also available.

 ### Pro Trainers Led by world renowned instructor and MMA Champion Miguel Torres.

 ### World Class Facility Olympic weight rack, MMA Cage, Heavy Bags, Speed Bags, Showers and more.

 I’ve trained in the best facilities with some of the best trainers in the world – and I know what’s needed to be a martial artist. If you don’t have the right training partners or equipment, you don’t have the right support. Fans, friends, training partners – to me, they’re all family and family deserves the best.
 Whether you’re starting your fitness journey or need to refine your style – Torres Martial Arts gives you all the space, equipment and trainers needed to take your training to the next level. – MIGUEL TORRES

 Schedule

 MEMBERSHIP PLANS

 Our PROGRAMS

 ### KICKBOXING Classes for all ages and skill levels that encompasses American Kickboxing and Muay Thai and teaches a hybrid style of striking that includes karate, tae kwon do, and boxing.​

 Read More

 ### Brazilian JIU-JITSU A unique curriculum with classes for all ages and skill levels, which encompasses traditional and tournament jiu-jitsu, freestyle, folkstyle, catch wrestling, judo, and mixed martial arts grappling techniques.

 Read More

 ### Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our women’s martial arts program is designed to teach women how to defend against any attacker – even those who are significantly larger in size. Our instructors will help you run drills to simulate realistic attack and escape situations you might encounter in the real world.

 Read More

 ### Kid's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Just like our other classes, the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program utilizes a unique curriculum that combines traditional and tournament jiu-jitsu with also freestyle, folkstyle, catch wrestling, judo, and mixed martial arts grappling techniques.

 Read More

 ### Kids Kickboxing 13 & under At Torres Martial Arts Academy, we have designed a comprehensive program that encompasses American Kickboxing and Muay Thai with a hybrid style of striking that includes karate, tae kwon do, and boxing.

 Read More

 ## Membership Plans

 At Torres Martial Arts Academy , we understand there are many reasons why someone would pursue training – whether it’s to work towards a childhood dream of competing in tournaments, learning self-defense, a desire to live a healthier lifestyle or to gain confidence.
 No matter the reason, training in the martial arts is for everyone and builds vital and practical skills to increase strength and conditioning.

 CLICK HERE TO SEE OUR MEMBERSHIP PLANS

 Why choose us

 #### Veteran Coaching Over 20 years experience, multi world titles, world class experience.

 #### Self Defense Increase confidence, core strength and conditioning. Learn grappling techniques for self defense.

 #### Exclusive Classes Access exclusive seminars and workshops hosted at the gym.

 #### Competition Programs offered for students who want to compete in tournaments or aspire to grow in MMA.

 Testimonials

 I've been coming to this gym for three months now. At first, I felt intimidate, but was welcomed with open arms and soon felt at home.
 Ian Comstock
 New Member

 Enrolling in this gym was a life changing experience. The confidence I gained and the lessons I learned, both in martial arts and about life in general.
 Zach Lahners
 gym member

 Modern facility with all you need to get in complete shape.... Great instructors and teachers. Will definitely make you achieve your goals.
 C Kidda
 local guide

 ## Contact us

 TORRES MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY
 8560 E Ridge Rd, Hobart, IN, 46342

 ### CALL US FOR MORE INFO (219) 963-6071

 ## STAY CONNECTED

 Get the latest updates about free seminars, local competitions, exclusive workshops and more!

 Sign Up Now

 Contact Us

 8560 E Ridge Rd,
 Hobart, IN 46342

 Facebook Instagram Youtube

 ### GYM Hours

 Open 7 Days a Week
 Check Our Weekly Schedule >>

 ### Quicklinks

 ### Get In Touch

 Name
 Email
 Message
 Send

 Torres Martial Arts Academy All Rights Reserved © 2025

 Privacy Policy

 Terms & Services
