---
source_url: http://riversjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.riversjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:26.673Z
---

# RIVERS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 #### #### 850 E 13th St, Lawrence, KS 66044

 ## ThE Why, Not Just The HOw

 #### Womens only classes starting Sunday January 26, at 2pm! We have created a class that will be offered for women and led by women. We recognize that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is close-contact and can at times be intimidating for people starting out in coed classes. We have therefore created a space that might be more comfortable for those on the fence about trying it out!

 #### WE ARE NOW OFFERING submission wrestling Tues at 6:30 pm and JUDO WED at 5:30PM! Too often Brazilian Jiu-jitsu schools focus only on the ground game. We are now offering no gi submission wrestling and judo weekly! Come learn takedowns, foot sweeps, throws, and more, with a focus on BJJ competition rules, which differ from both traditional wrestling and judo

 #### Rivers BJJ is a Gustavo Dantas Association School located in Lawrence, KS, founded by GDJJ Third-degree black belt Trevor Rivers

 This should be on your mind when learning a new concept or technique. Why do it in the first place? Why this particular angle? Why does this leverage work the way it does? How can I apply this in a new situation? It is not enough to know a technique, you must be able to understand the reasoning behind the technique. This way you can develop a problem-solving growth mindset that will ultimately help you both on and off the mats. We encourage questions during class, no matter if you are there for your first day or your thousandth.

 #### The Big Question: WHY?

 #### Kids and adult classes at the same time, thanks to two rooms

 BJJ often becomes a family affair, with either a child or parent starting first, then eventually bringing others in. We offer kids class in one room and adult classes in the adjacent room, so if your time is limited, parents can get a work out in too!
