---
source_url: https://dtjiujitsu.com/programs/
final_url: https://dtjiujitsu.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:42.829Z
---

## Programs

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu

 At DT Jiu Jitsu, our kids program introduces children ages 4–14 to the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu and self-defense in a way that’s engaging, empowering, and fun.
 We create an environment where kids build confidence, discipline, and resilience through age-appropriate training that challenges them while keeping it achievable. With classes offered six days a week , our program ensures consistent practice, steady growth, and a strong foundation both on and off the mat.

 ### Adults Jiu Jitsu

 Our adult program at DT Jiu Jitsu is designed for all experience levels — from complete beginners to seasoned athletes.

 Whether you’re training for competition, fitness, self-defense, or personal growth, our classes provide a structured and supportive environment to help you thrive. With classes theroughout the week, students can train consistently, build skill, and gain confidence on and off the mats. At DTJ, you’re not just learning Jiu Jitsu — you’re joining a community that pushes, supports, and grows together.

 #### Classes at DTJ

 * No-Gi Focused
 * Gi Classes Once a Week
 * Wrestling
 * All Levels
 * Fundamental Classes Available
 * Competition Classes Available
 * Kids, Youth, Adults, All Genders

 ## Pick a Class & Show Up

 
 #### Email Us hello@dtjiujitsu.com

 
 #### Address 515 N Sycamore St. #101Santa Ana CA 92701

 
 #### Click-to-call or Text Us (714)598-6492
