---
source_url: https://dtjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://dtjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:44.449Z
---

# Your New Jiu-Jitsu # Home in Santa Ana

 ## At DT Jiu Jitsu, we offer more than just training. We build a team that grows together.

 ## Why Train Here?

 
 #### Mastery of the Art Proven instruction
 for all levels.

 
 #### Progressive Readiness A welcoming, competitive, and supportive community.

 
 #### Real-World Application Self-defense, competition, and fitness benefits.

 
 #### ✔ Your First Class On Us No commitment, just step in and try.

 ## Programs

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu

 At DT Jiu Jitsu, our kids program introduces children ages 4–14 to the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu and self-defense in a way that’s engaging, empowering, and fun.
 We create an environment where kids build confidence, discipline, and resilience through age-appropriate training that challenges them while keeping it achievable. With classes offered six days a week , our program ensures consistent practice, steady growth, and a strong foundation both on and off the mat.

 ### Adults Jiu Jitsu

 Our adult program at DT Jiu Jitsu is designed for all experience levels — from complete beginners to seasoned athletes.

 Whether you're training for competition, fitness, self-defense, or personal growth, our classes provide a structured and supportive environment to help you thrive. With classes theroughout the week, students can train consistently, build skill, and gain confidence on and off the mats. At DTJ, you're not just learning Jiu Jitsu — you're joining a community that pushes, supports, and grows together.

 #### Classes at DTJ

 * No-Gi Focused
 * Gi Classes Once a Week
 * Wrestling
 * All Levels
 * Fundamental Classes Available
 * Competition Classes Available
 * Kids, Youth, Adults, All Genders

 ## Meet Your Coaches ### Meet Your New Training Family

 #### Ozzie Avalos - Head Coach Expert grappling technician with real professional experience.

 #### Steve Avalos - Wrestling Specialist Assistant Wrestling & Jiu-Jitsu Coach

 Learn More

 ## Become a Member ### Simple Pricing, Nothing Hidden

 ## free trial Get Your First class On Us Now
 $ Free
 - Free trial class

 Trial Signup

 ## Monthly Membership Straightforward Pricing
 $ 200 / mo
 - Unlimited Access

 Member Signup

 ## The Proof is in the Training

 Excellent
 DT Jiu Jitsu 4.7

 See all reviews
 review us on

 Fernando Ornelas

 This place is amazing. Finding a solid wrestling and jiu-jitsu gym isn’t easy, and we’re grateful to have found this one. My 13-year-old son is preparing for high school wrestling, and every coach has been supportive and accommodating.
 Response from the owner: THANK YOU FERNANDO WE REALLY ENJOY HAVING YOU AS ONE OF THE STUDENTS HERE.

 David Pursley (phantumm)

 DT Jujitsu is a fun, open environment. Coach Ozzy will meet you at your level, if you are new or an expert. Location is great in downtown, next to the beautiful Courthouse and surrounded by great food. My kids love it there and are engaged the whole time. The instructors are great with kids.

 Detail Maestro

 Very helpful person. I would inquire

 Gabriela Ruiz

 If you're looking for a top-notch Jiu-Jitsu gym, this place is it. The coaches bring decades of experience in BJJ, wrestling, and MMA, and they know how to tailor training for all levels—whether you're just starting out or getting ready for competition. Super welcoming, supportive environment for both adults and kids. You’ll feel yourself improving every class.

 Eleuteria Hernandez

 Gmslapss Gmslapss

 Not good

 Anthony Zazuetta

 Took my son to his first session and he loved it. Ozzy is awesome with all the kids!

 Miguel M

 Best Jitsu Place if you want to get real experience from professionals, They all treat you well and give you guidance when needed love it here!!

 Jonathan Alia

 Brought my daughter for the first time last week and she loves it!

 Esmeralda Tapia

 Me siento muy contenta de aver tomado la decisión de inscribir a mi hijo en DT Jiu Jitsu. Desde el primer día nos recibieron con mucha amabilidad y nos hicieron sentir bienvenidos. Me encanta la energía de el lugar ya que han echo sentir a mi hijo confortable. La atención, paciencia y la manera tan amable con la que los coaches tratan a los niños me encanta. Mi hijo en tan solo un mes a podido progresar bastante gracias a la dedicación y paciencia que su coach Ozzie le brinda cada día de entrenamiento. En general el mejor lugar que pude aver elegido y lo más importante es ver lo contento y confortable que mi hijo se siente cada vez que llega a su clase en DT Jiu Jitsu.

 
 #### Email Us hello@dtjiujitsu.com

 
 #### Address 515 N Sycamore St. #101Santa Ana CA 92701

 
 #### Click-to-call or Text Us (714)598-6492
