---
source_url: http://www.portcitybjj.com/classes
final_url: https://portcitybjj.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:59.273Z
---

# PCBJJ CLASSES

 ## Fundamentals

 Our Fundamentals Program is designed to provide relatively new students with a solid foundation of Jiu Jitsu focused on the basics. This series of classes focusing on drilling the most elementary positions in Jiu Jitsu, so it’s also a great class for advanced students that want to drill more.

 ## Advanced Gi

 This series of classes is designed for the intermediate to advanced student. The concepts and techniques taught during these classes aim at developing a deeper skill set in all positions of BJJ.

 ## Open Mat

 Open Mat is a free training session for members to spend their time on the mat as they like. Whether its drilling rolling, trading techniques, etc; this class is a great way to improve your Jiu Jitsu!

 ## Submission Grappling (No-Gi)

 This series of classes focuses on the same types of techniques you’d get from our gi classes, but takes away the advantages that the gi provides.

 ## Jiu Jitsu for Self Defense

 This class is designed to provide members with a firm basis of street effective jiu jitsu techniques. The basis of BJJ always has, and always will be self defense. This class introduces concepts of strikes, self defense strategy, and (of course) Jiu Jitsu.

 ## KID’s BJJ

 Elevate your child’s confidence and skills with our kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class! Tailored for ages 7-13, our program not only provides expert instruction but also allows parents to join in the fun by attending a simultaneous fundamentals class. Nurture your child’s growth in a supportive and engaging environment, where learning self-defense becomes an exciting family affair at Port City BJJ!

 kids class details

 ## Competition Class

 At different times of year we offer competition class. This class is geared toward the serious student interested in competing at the highest levels, or the student who is just interested in developing their Jiu Jitsu game in a heightened environment. This class is great to test you Jiu Jitsu, get a great workout, train hard as a team, and prepare to compete as a team.
