---
source_url: https://positivebalancegrappling.com
final_url: https://www.positivebalancegrappling.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:52.840Z
---

###### At Positive Balance Jiu Jitsu, MMA, Fitness & Wrestling, we wholeheartedly believe that Jiu Jitsu is accessible to everyone, no matter their individual abilities or the challenges. Our distinctive approach is designed to promote both character and skill development, creating a nurturing environment for balanced growth. We provide a diverse range of programs that focus not only on competition and self-defense, but also on weight loss, overall fitness, and the cultivation of discipline. We invite you to join our community and experience the incredible transformative power Jiu Jitsu, enhancing both your physical fitness and mental resilience along the way.

 ##### OUR ACADEMY ###### ###### Our facility is a state-of-the-art facility located at 1533 South Monroe Unit 8, Tallahassee FL 32301 in the middle of Cascades Plaza. ###### The features of our facility include: - 10,000 square foot Building - 5300 Square feet matted area with high quality modular mat system. - Spring sub-floor that eases the trauma of falls making for a more pleasant and safer training experience. - Onsite Gym with Echo bike, Concept Rower, weights, and Sauna. - On site pro-shop that beats internet prices. - Mats are sanitized after EVERY session. We are committed to a safe and clean training environment. - Men’s and women’s locker rooms with lockers available. - Men’s and women’s showers. This is especially helpful for our morning and lunch classes. - Kitchen with refrigerator, coffee bar and Microwave. - Pleasant, clean and professional surroundings - Wifi for our customers - Plenty of seating for parents, friends and other family members who would like to watch.

 Get In Touch
 Thanks for submitting!
