---
source_url: https://vowbjj.com/programs/private-classes/
final_url: https://vowbjj.com/programs/private-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:32.164Z
---

## Private Classes
 #### Private Class Overview: Experience personalized Jiu-Jitsu instruction like never before with VOW Jiu-Jitsu’s Private Classes.
 Our innovative program now includes a custom video breakdown of your sparring session, offering a unique learning experience tailored to your individual needs.
 Whether you’re a beginner looking to build a solid foundation or an advanced practitioner aiming for refinement, our Private Classes provide targeted analysis and actionable insights to enhance your Jiu-Jitsu skills.

 #### 1 Hour Private: Immerse yourself in a dedicated hour of one-on-one instruction with our seasoned Jiu-Jitsu expert, Ryan. In this personalized session, you’ll receive focused guidance on techniques, strategies, and overall skill development. Ryan will tailor the lesson to your current skill level, helping you progress at your own pace. Benefit from immediate feedback and corrections, ensuring that each minute of your private class is maximized for your improvement.
 #### 1 Hour Private With Video Breakdown: Take your Jiu-Jitsu training to the next level with our 1 Hour Private Class featuring a comprehensive video breakdown. In addition to the hands-on instruction, Ryan will meticulously analyze your sparring session captured on video. This dual approach allows for a deeper understanding of your strengths and areas for improvement. Ryan will provide detailed recommendations based on the video analysis, offering valuable insights into your specific game. This combined approach ensures that you not only receive immediate feedback during the session but also gain a visual understanding of your performance, accelerating your progress on the mat.

 ## Never Trained Jiu-Jitsu? Start here for free intro class!

 Get Started!
 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Trial Class! ×

 #### Village Of Wolves Jiu-Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (737) 802-6799
 vowbjj@gmail.com
 5555 N Lamar Blvd H115, Austin, TX 78751
 Whether you’re looking for a top-quality Adult Jiu-Jitsu program, Kids Jiu-Jitsu program, or even a new MMA class – V.O.W. Jiu-Jitsu has you covered.
 V.O.W. Jiu-Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!
