---
source_url: https://vowbjj.com
final_url: https://vowbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:34.030Z
---

# VOW Jiu-Jitsu #### Village of Wolves Start Today!
 Pause Video

 ##### Don't Wait! Sign Up Online Today! ×

 ## Membership Sign Up

 ## Waiver

 ## Never Trained Jiu-Jitsu? Start here for free intro class

 #### Welcome To ## VOW Jiu-Jitsu
 VOW Jiu-Jitsu located in the North Loop of Austin, Texas is home to a community of martial artists devoted to helping each other improve. Standing for “Village of Wolves,” our family builds each individual on and off the mat. Students are encouraged to express themselves freely in our casual and friendly training environment. We celebrate the fact that every person wants to grow and learn while also helping their peers achieve.

 ## Never Trained Jiu-Jitsu? Start here for free intro class!

 Get Started!
 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Trial Class! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: At VOW Jiu-Jitsu we celebrate the art of Jiu-Jitsu and how it changes a person. We want our students to enjoy their time training – learning that their growth is limitless in an open atmosphere. Despite your age, fitness level, or physical limitations, we truly believe Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone. Our goal is to create a community where we all evolve together and surpass our students expectations and reveal their full potential through the art of Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Our History: Jiu-Jitsu originated in Japan and became popular in South America where the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu we know today was born. It started as a martial art rooted in peace and self-defense, but has grown popular in the competitive space and for its health benefits. The goal of BJJ has remained the same through the years – take down your opponent, get around their legs, and apply a submission. This is achieved through technique, timing, and control.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu continues to grow rapidly and spread through different cultures and academies. VOW Jiu-Jitsu has played a part in its growth since Summer 2018, when our academy was first established in Austin, Texas. We continuously strive to educate students with different teaching methods regardless of their learning style or experience level. Our methods have created a team of strong martial artists like never before.
 Learn More!

 #### Stay up to date on class times! ## Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.
 $25 Class Pass availible online or at the gym.
 Non-Member drop-ins are welcomed!
 Beginners limited for first 3 months to Fundamentals, Escapes, and Panda classes.
 ** Indicates Mat 2 **

 Monday - No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu 12:00 PM - Kids Gi Jiu-Jitsu 5:00 PM - Intro to Jiu-Jitsu** 6:00 PM - No-Gi Fundamental Positional Sparring 6:00 PM - Gi Fundamentals** 6:00 PM - No-Gi Guard Fundamentals 7:00 PM - MMA** 8:00 PM

 Tuesday - No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu 12:00 PM - Kids Gi Jiu-Jitsu 5:00 PM - Intro to Jiu-Jitsu** 6:00 PM - No-Gi Rounds (Members Only) 6:00 PM - No-Gi Fundamentals 7:00 PM - No-Gi Live Drills 8:00 PM

 Wednesday - No-Gi Rounds (Members Only) 12:00 PM - Kids Gi Jiu-Jitsu 5:00 PM - Fundamental Jiu-Jitsu Movements 6:00 PM - Intro to Jiu-Jitsu** 6:00 PM - No-Gi Fundamentals 6:30 PM - Striking Fundamentals 7:30 PM

 Thursday - No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu 12:00 PM - Intro to Jiu-Jitsu** 5:00 PM - Takedown Fundamentals 6:00 PM - Leg Lock Fundamentals** 6:00 PM - K.O.T.H. Sparring / Advanced (white belt invite only) 7:00 PM

 Friday - No-Gi Live Drills 12:00 PM - No-Gi Escapes Fundamentals 6:00 PM - Intro to Jiu-Jitsu** 6:00 PM - No-Gi Advanced 7:00 PM - Muay Thai 8:00 PM

 Saturday - No-Gi Takedowns 10:30 AM - Panda (Defensive Concepts) 1:00 PM

 Sunday - Women's Only No-Gi 12:00 PM - Open Mat 2:00 PM

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Passion VOW Jiu-Jitsu shows you what you are capable of and celebrates your goals. Being surrounded by like-minded martial artists will ignite a spark within.

 ##### Perseverance Jiu-Jitsu teaches you how to overcome obstacles and how to learn from adversity. It may be hard work, but you’ll learn to apply yourself in work, school, and life.

 ##### Teamwork Your teammates and instructors want you to grow and succeed. They’ll encourage you while educating you.

 ##### Growth BJJ classes not only make you stronger physically, but mentally too. Training brings forth mental fortitude and teaches you life lessons.

 ##### Confidence Consistently testing your strength while learning how to be better will improve your confidence. You learn about yourself in a new way and take on the world differently after BJJ training.

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To:

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It:

 Ryan V. the owner constantly is researching and learning the latest techniques and passing them on.

 Anthony C.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 VOW is one of most beginner-friendly Jiu-Jitsu gyms I know of. The environment is very much about fostering a chill environment conducive to learning.

 Jacob C.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Wonderful BJJ gym! Great coaches and people. Definitely one of my favorite gyms I’ve trained at. Chill vibes and humble coaching.

 Carrie L.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Everybody was friendly, energy was amazing and I am new to this sport. I've only been training for a couple months. I highly recommend this gym.

 Matthew B.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 V.O.W. BJJ is a great training facility! They have a little bit of everything for everyone. It's got an all inclusive vibe and everyone I've trained with here is very friendly!

 Jeremy L.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! VOW Jiu-Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community in North Loop Austin today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (737) 802-6799
 vowbjj@gmail.com
 5555 N Lamar Blvd H115, Austin, TX 78751
 Get Directions

 ### VOW Jiu-Jitsu 5555 N Lamar Blvd H115, Austin, TX 78751
 Get Directions
