---
source_url: https://eastathensjiujitsu.com/schedule-a-free-class/
final_url: https://eastathensjiujitsu.com/schedule-a-free-class/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:26.044Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Schedule a Free Class

 - Name* - Phone - Email* - Programs you're interested in? BJJ Wrestling No-GI Judo - CAPTCHA

 82472

 - facebook - instagram

 © 2026 East Athens Jiu Jitsu. Designed & Managed by ViziSites . Terms of Use. Website Accessibility

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close #### Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT
