---
source_url: https://eastathensjiujitsu.com/programs/
final_url: https://eastathensjiujitsu.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:26.419Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Programs

 ### BJJ Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. It is a derivative of early 20th century Kodokan Judo, which was itself then a recently-developed system(founded in 1882), based on multiple schools (or Ryu) of Japanese jujutsu. Similar to judo, it promotes the principle that smaller, weaker people can successfully defend themselves against a bigger, stronger opponent using leverage and proper technique; applying joint-locks and chokeholds to defeat them. Sparring and live drilling play a major role in training.

 Ready to Join the East Athens family? Give us a call at (619) 313-3472 to learn all about the programs we offer and how to sign up for your free class !

 ### Wrestling Wrestling represents one of the oldest forms of combat. The origins of wrestling go back 15,000 years through cave drawings. Wrestling is a combat sport involving techniques to throw or takedown an opponent with a heavy emphasis on control.

 Ready to Join the East Athens family? Give us a call at (619) 313-3472 to learn all about the programs we offer and how to sign up for your free class !

 ### No-GI No-Gi (also known as submission fight, submission grappling) is a general term describing the aspect of martial arts focusing on clinch and ground fighting with the aim of obtaining a submission. The sport of No-Gi brings together techniques from Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Folk American Wrestling ( Catch-as-catch-can), Luta Livre Esportiva, Freestyle wrestling, Judo, and Sambo.

 Ready to Join the East Athens family? Give us a call at (619) 313-3472 to learn all about the programs we offer and how to sign up for your free class !

 ### Judo ( 柔道 ,jūdō? ) , meaning “gentle way”, is a modern Japanese martial art ( gendai budō ) and combat sport, that originated in Japan in the late nineteenth century. Its most prominent feature is its competitive element, where the object is to either throw one’s opponent to the ground, immobilize or otherwise subdue one’s opponent with a grappling maneuver, or force an opponent to submit by joint locking the elbow or by executing a choke.

 Ready to Join the East Athens family? Give us a call at (619) 313-3472 to learn all about the programs we offer and how to sign up for your free class !

 ## “Jiu-Jitsu is for everybody, it is our hope everyone has the opportunity to enjoy it.” ## “Jiu-Jitsu is for everybody, it is our hope everyone has the opportunity to enjoy it.” ## “Jiu-Jitsu is for everybody, it is our hope everyone has the opportunity to enjoy it.”

 - facebook - instagram

 © 2026 East Athens Jiu Jitsu. Designed & Managed by ViziSites . Terms of Use. Website Accessibility

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close #### Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT
