---
source_url: https://eastathensjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://eastathensjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:26.920Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## The Premier Academy in Athens

 Learn More Schedule a Free Class

 ## Welcome to East Athens Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether your plans are to compete, have fun, or simply make yourself a better person, we are here to help reach those goals. The benefits of martial arts are endless. East Athens Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has world-class instruction in a clean and safe environment. Join the fun, make our mats your welcoming home.
 Our academy offers primarily grappling-based arts. Specializing in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Wrestling, No-Gi, and Judo. We cover aspects from them all to optimize our approach. That and they are enjoyable to play.
 Learn More

 ##### East Athens Adult’s BJJ

 A community built for the growth and well-being of all our members. Regardless of age, gender, or fitness level, we provide a safe and positive atmosphere. You will increase your skills and confidence to walk through life with your head held high.

 ##### Schedule a Free Class

 ##### East Athens Youth BJJ

 Watch your children smile as they increase confidence and coordination. We build better people from an early age, not bullies. We guide them with respect on the mats so they become worthy of respect off the mats. Youth class for ages 10 and up!

 ##### Schedule a Free Class

 ## CHECK OUT OUR AVAILABLE CLASSES ## Don’t forget…your intro session is absolutely FREE!

 Class Schedule

 1 1

 ### Meet Your Personal Coach East Athens Jiu Jitsu was founded after 20 years of world class training in San Diego, CA. Professor JR received Black Belt second degree from the renowned multiple 6x World Champion and 5x ADCC Champion ATOS Professor Andre Galvao. JR and his wife moved to Athens, GA after deciding to pursue a PhD from the University of Georgia. Go DAWGS!
 JR began training martial arts in the Marines after a lifetime of wrestling. He fell in love with the gentle art of Jiu Jitsu and never looked back. Jiu Jitsu has allowed him to meet people and see places all over the world. It is our goal to continue this amazing experience in East Athens.

 Learn More

 - facebook - instagram

 © 2026 East Athens Jiu Jitsu. Designed & Managed by ViziSites . Terms of Use. Website Accessibility

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All

 Manage consent
 Close #### Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Always Enabled
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.

 Non-necessary Non-necessary

 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

 SAVE & ACCEPT
