---
source_url: https://ralphgraciegtx.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://ralphgraciegtx.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:32.322Z
---

## Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 #### Self-Defense As a parent, your first priority is keeping your child safe. That’s why we are dedicated to equipping kids with invaluable self-defense skills through both Gi and No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu. While all forms of Jiu-Jitsu prepare students for real-life situations and teach essential self-protection lessons, No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu takes self-defense to another level. No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu uniquely mirrors real-world situations with its regular clothing uniform and faster-paced grappling. This approach ensures kids learn practical techniques they can use in everyday life.
 #### Community From the moment a child steps into our facility in Georgetown, TX, they will be greeted by a supportive and inclusive environment. Our instructors and fellow students are dedicated to helping each child succeed. Students regularly spar with each other in class, fostering surprisingly strong friendships. Jiu-Jitsu teaches kids the thrill of winning and the humility of losing. We ensure our students respect each other through all the highs and lows of their training.

 #### Health and Fitness Jiu-Jitsu teaches your child essential self-defense skills and helps them in all aspects of life. The ability to protect themselves builds a unique confidence that carries over into their ability to speak out in class, make new friends, and stand up against bullies. Additionally, Jiu-Jitsu benefits your child’s health. This martial art provides a full-body workout, boosting flexibility, improving coordination, and encouraging positive lifestyle habits.
 #### Positive Environment Preparing to defend oneself against an attacker sounds scary; however, we promise to ensure your child feels comfortable and safe throughout the entire process. To begin with, we enforce a strict policy of acceptance, respect, and care for others, which is incorporated into everything we do—whether it’s student-instructor interactions, warm-ups, sparring, or student friendships. From day one, we encourage students to express any questions and concerns they may have.

 #### Sign up for a free week trial! Schedule Today

 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Week Trial ×

 #### Ralph Gracie Georgetown ## Get Started Today

 (737) 738-3044
 info@ralphgraciegtx.com
 275 SE Inner Loop Ste 170, Georgetown, TX 78626
 Want to be trained by ADCC champions? Ralph Gracie Georgetown invites nearby communities, including Round Rock, Leander, and Jarrell, to join us by the Inner Space Cavern to practice Jiu-Jitsu!
