---
source_url: http://masterjetkd.com
final_url: https://www.masterjetkd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:47.498Z
---

Get Free Lesson
 ### Learn From The Best!

 ## HIGH-QUALITY MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY
 Proudly Serving All Ages And Abilities

 Get Free Lesson

 ## ​Focus
 ## Paying attention and following direction is imperative. Your child begins learning to focus on what is being performed while developing critical listening skills.
 ## Discipline
 ## We will help your child develop both mental and physical discipline as they need to show respect to their teachers, fellow students and themselves.
 ## Self-Defense
 ## Your child will learn several ways to protect himself, or his loved ones. Your child will be well prepared in times of danger.
 ## Confidence
 ## Confidence comes with achievement, so your child’s self-esteem level will get a boost with every new move they masters and every belt earned.

 ### Our Programs
 ## Little Tigers (Ages 5)
 This program is specially designed for preschool-aged children (5 years old). It serves as an introduction to physical fitness, lays the foundation for learning Taekwondo, and teaches important developmental skills..

 Read More
 READ MORE

 ## Children (Ages 6-12)
 Taekwondo is an engaging and fun way to help young children develop confidence and discipline. They will learn to work diligently to acquire new skills and progress through our belt system, all while learning to be respectful and courteous

 Read More
 READ MORE

 ## Teen & Adults (Ages 13+)
 Learn new skills and techniques in a structured and safe environment. Practicing Taekwondo engages both the body and mind, helping you gain flexibility and strength while developing discipline and confidence

 Read More
 READ MORE

 ## Family (Ages 6+)
 Training as a family is a uniquely rewarding experience. Parents and children learn together, support each other, and progress in their Taekwondo journey while spending quality time in a positive environment

 Read More
 READ MORE

 ## About Master Je
 ### Master Je has been practicing Tae Kwon Do for over 30 years. Master Je's philosophy is that Tae Kwon Do is about self-improvement as well as self-defense. This is evident in his teaching methods. Instructors focus on teaching “life skills” just as much as physical techniques.
 READ MORE
 ## Master Je's Demonstration

 ### What Families and Students are saying…
 ​He is truly a World Class Master.

 Your children will learn the importance of trust, confidence, respect, and the importance of being a positive influence in your community.

 ​He is very patient and has great insight to help a student achieve.

 Not only did he make each class exciting and enjoyable but he made each class a great work for both kids and adults alike.

 READ MORE

 ### Location
 ###### 3626 E. Highlands Ranch Pkwy STE #207, Highlands Ranch, CO 80126
 Mon: 3:00 PM - 8:30 PM
 Tue: 3:00 PM - 8:30 PM
 Wed: 3:00 PM - 8:30 PM
 Thur: 3:00 PM - 8:30 PM
 Fri: 3:00 PM - 8:30 PM
 Sat: Appointment Only
 Sun: Closed

 ### Business Hours
 Get Free Lesson
 ## Send A Message
 Send
 Thank you!
