---
source_url: http://www.ankgym.com/kids-classes
final_url: http://www.santafemuaythai.com/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:33.111Z
---

# Santa Fe's Original Thai Boxing School
 1208 Parkway Dr
 Santa Fe, NM, 87507
 United States
 5054734000
 info@ankgym.com

 ANK Santa Fe Muay Thai is Santa Fe's premier Muay Thai School: a Santa Fe institution for over 25 years.
 We offer Muay Thai, Westernized Boxing, Kali/Escrima, Brazilian Jujitsu, Judo, Fitness Classes and Personal Training, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), - Classes for adults and robust programs for children and teens.

 # Thai Boxing- We offer Santa Fe’s premier children’s Muay Thai program. Thursday at 4:00pm. The hour long class is split between Thai Boxing technique work - where students learn to throw and defend punches, kicks, knees and elbows - and fitness - movement exercises and learning games. Our class is open to children as young as 6 (5 with interview) and is taught by the very best in Thai Boxing Association certified instructors.

 View fullsize

 # Alchemy Brazilian Jujitsu- Our children’s Brazilian Jujitsu program runs Tuesday and Wednesday at 4pm. Classes are an hour long and focus on the drilling of technique and movement of BJJ, fitness, and live sparring for the more advanced students. The children’s program covers both “Gi” Brazilian Jujitsu and “Nogi” submission grappling.

 # Judo Children 6+ are welcome to participate in the Judo program with the Northern New Mexico Judo Club at ANK. They meet Thursday at 7:00pm.
 # Boxing Boxing can start at any age. For the fundamentals of striking, most of our kids begin in our Muay Thai class. Those who wish to focus on Boxing, or those who come in knowing they want to box can work privately or in small groups with our boxing instructors. Check out our " Private Instruction " page or email us at info@ankgym.com to setup to get your child into boxing today.
 # Private Lessons Private lessons are great for younger children (under 6) looking to begin BJJ, Muay Thai, Boxing or Judo. Private lessons are great for anyone looking to more quickly improve. For those children looking for extra attention, or preparing for competition, private lessons with one of our instructors will take your child to the next level. Check out our " Private Instruction " page or email us at info@ankgym.com to setup training today.
