---
source_url: http://millermartialarts.us
final_url: https://millermartialarts.us/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:20.953Z
---

Our mission is to provide comprehensive coaching each and every day. Too often, martial arts training is taught at just a surface level, with little priority put on the mechanics of the skill. We aim to dig deep and help you understand everything in full.

 478-293-1505 405 Hwy 96 Suite 700 Bonaire, GA ##### Follow Us

 - Respect. Courage. Discipline. LEARN MORE TRY A FREE CLASS - Learn the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu LEARN MORE TRY A FREE CLASS - Is your child a future champion? LEARN MORE TRY A FREE CLASS - Help your child grow & Succeed with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu LEARN MORE TRY A FREE CLASS - Muay Thai and Boxing Classes LEARN MORE TRY A FREE CLASS

 ### Comprehensive Martial Arts, Fitness, and Coaching For All Ages And Abilities Welcome to Miller Martial Arts and Fitness, where we’re committed to offering Middle Georgia comprehensive coaching and real-world self-defense skills. Our instruction is led by professional MMA fighter Cole Miller and our goal every day is to make that level of expertise available to men and women across Bonaire and Warner Robins. Join us today and take on everything from Kids Martial Arts to MMA, grappling, and striking instruction. No matter what your goals might be, we’re here to help you achieve them one step at a time.

 ## Kids Martial Arts #### 01 Equip your child with all the physical, mental, and emotional skills they need to succeed in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Striking classes for kids. We're helping students across Middle Georgia build confidence and learn self-defense in no time through our Kids Martial Arts program.

 Learn More

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### 02 Push your body like never before and walk away with incredible strength and fitness in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes. We're helping everyday men and women across Bonaire see real results in no time!

 Learn More

 ## Striking #### 03 Combine the best aspects of striking and grappling in our Mixed Martial Arts Classes. Our team in Bonaire is helping everyday men and women master real-world self-defense and competition MMA training in no time.

 Learn More

 Place was awesome! Cole and everyone there treated you like family while providing us with top notch knowledge. If you live in the area, I highly recommend giving this place a try. Can't wait to come back!
 #### Justin Dayhoff Member

 Cole is a true professional and a great person. Great environment, great teaching. I would give it 6 stars if I could.
 #### Ryne Regan Member

 My daughter loved her class! I enjoyed my pre- striking session this morning! We are excited to start up!!
 #### Leah Wright Parent

 Technique focused training at its best. Not to mention the amount of amazing martial artists and guests that drop in to share their knowledge on a regular basis. Cole is the man!!!! HIGHLY recommend this gym and I have trained at several for the last 10 years.
 #### Filipe Placucci Member

 Cole Miller is a legend! He is a gift to the Mixed Martial Arts community in Middle Georgia! No matter if you are a beginner interested in self-defense or possibly going professional, he has everything you need. Also, he oftens has seminars hosted by top notch UFC athletes and BJJ Grapplers!
 #### DeJuwan Griffin Member

 powered by Glofox
