---
source_url: http://chicagoschoolofgrappling.com
final_url: https://www.chicagoschoolofgrappling.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.773Z
---

# CHICAGO SCHOOL OF GRAPPLING
 #### LEARN TO FIGHT IN THE CITY YOU LOVE

 #### SIGN THE WAIVER FOR YOUR FREE TRIAL
 GET 7 DAYS FREE

 ### WHERE WE'RE LOCATED
 ##### 722 S. Racine Ave. Chicago, IL
 #### | Located right by UIC Pavilion | Off Racine 294 exit | Off Racine Blue Line stop | Close to Pilsen, Little Village, Medical District, Downtown, Greek Town, South Loop, West Loop
 ### WHERE TO PARK
 #### We've provided a map that shows all the places you can park for free indicated by the blue location markers. If necessary, we have some parking passes, but are limited.

 # WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU FIRST ARRIVE

 We believe in a simple equation:
 PERSEVERENCE + HARDWORK = IMPROVEMENT
 ​
 At Chicago School of Grappling you can learn several martial arts, self-defense, and get fit all at one spot in the city.

 Our focus is to provide exceptional instruction to our students so that they can learn new skills and how to sharpen existing ones. We offer several classes for our students:
 ​
 | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 | Muay Thai Kickboxing
 | Wrestling / Takedowns
 ​
 We are also featured in the Top Martial Arts Schools in Chicago List from Vverge

 ##### PATRICK AQUINO
 The gym felt very welcoming and comfortable from the get go and the instruction was top notch. You not only learn useful techniques very quickly, you also have a lot of fun while doing it. In addition to that, doing jiu-jitsu here is eons better than any workout I would get at a conventional gym.

 ##### KEVIN FOGARTY
 I used the free 7 day offer on their website to check out the gym. I've never done any martial arts before, but the instructors and students made it very welcoming - there's clearly a sense of community at this gym.

 ##### TRAVIS MILLER
 I’ve been training at Chicago School of Grappling for about eight months, and the experience has been truly wonderful and transformative.

 #### SIGN THE WAIVER FOR YOUR FREE TRIAL
 GET 7 DAYS FREE

 CONTACT
