---
source_url: http://www.bjjmodesto.com
final_url: http://bjjmodesto.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:45.512Z
---

Home gsantos 2026-02-02T01:21:04+00:00 ## HOME OF ARES BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU
 Ares Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy is located in Modesto, California. We are one of the newest and most progressive Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academies in the world.
 At the Ares Academy, Samir personally overseas all of the students and instructors. He believes that Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of age, fitness or experience. Come in today and see all that we have to offer and start your FREE trial!

 ## SELF DEFENSE

 ## FITNESS

 ## SPORT

 ## MARTIAL VALUES

 “ My family (me and two kids!) have been coming to Ares BJJ for a year now, and I’m happy to leave this five-star review. The staff is friendly, the schedule is accommodating, the studio is always clean, and most importantly the training is amazing. Professor Samir and his staff run a solid program for world class Jiu Jitsu training, and I couldn’t recommend it enough. There is a track for beginners, intermediate, and advanced training, and plenty of opportunity to train with all levels. I love it. Whether you’re casually interested, seeking personal development, or you desire to compete in tournaments, Ares BJJ will have something for you. ”
 Ben Long

 “Samir has a undeniably great reputation within the jiu jitsu community, and it was that reputation that brought me to the school. Now that I’ve been his student, it is his advanced technical knowledge, supportive coaching, and amazing students that keep me coming.”

 Jenny Wong

 “Samir is a true masters of this art, and his abilities to teach others is a cut above the rest. His attention to detail when instructing helps you to actually see yourself executing the move in your head.”

 Paul Nava

 ## THE INSTRUCTOR

 4th degree Black Belt and 3 x World Champion, Samir Chantre started BJJ when he was 9 years old and received his black belt from Professor Alan Moraes, Carlson Gracie Team at the age of 20.
 Professor Samir moved to Northern California in 2009 to pursuit his dream of becoming a World Champion and having his own academy.
 Professor Samir Chantre teaches full time at Ares BJJ Academy in Modesto, CA along side with his instructor and other high level black belts.

 3rd degree Black Belt and 3 x World Champion, Samir Chantre started BJJ when he was 9 years old and received his black belt from Professor Alan Moraes, Carlson Gracie Team at the age of 20.
 Professor Samir moved to Northern California in 2009 to pursuit his dream of becoming a World Champion and having his own academy.
 Professor Samir Chantre teaches full time at Ares BJJ Academy in Modesto, CA.

 #### CLICK HERE TO LEARN ABOUT OUR FREE TRIAL!

 FREE TRIAL
