---
source_url: http://www.rcajj.com/our-coaches
final_url: https://rcajj.com/our-coaches/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:07.716Z
---

### Meet our Coaches

 All of our coaches are certified trainers and boast years of grappling, competition and teaching experience. Each coach has a unique story of how they found martial arts, and brings his and her individuality and passion to our team.

 #### Roger Carpenter Head Instructor

 Special Offer # Try our Gym for free for one week!

 Schedule a Class

 Videos # Instructional Videos

 view more

 Gallery # Instagram

 welcome2_rcajj
 With Combat Base/Chris Haueter
Owners @professor_daddylonglegs @cc_beezy
No promotion charges
 We will be closed for Thanksgiving and Black Frida

 9-5 is work, but this is where we actually clock i

 We’d like to announce our first annual Sponsor A F

 Thank you to everyone who has served and protected

 What an honor to give you this black belt, without

 As always, so proud of all our competitors and our

 We’d like to give a shout out to @tisvic83. He was

 Everyone please have a fun but safe Halloween! We

 Huge thanks to our Professor Chris Hauter for maki

 Monster mash Monday!!

#bjjfamily #jiujitsu #mond

 September was all about the kiddo’s!!! We did 3 to

 Growth is the result of training with a great team

 Let's talk about open mat!!

#bjjfamily #jiujitsu

 Monday schedule.

Open Mat Only from 11:00am-1:00

 To GI or to Nogi that is the question….?

We like

 From drills to thrills. Now it’s time to shine! 🌟

 Took the littles a little out of their comfort zon

 #ufcbjj2 #danawhite #bjjfamily #fightnight #watchp

 Tiny but mighty. 💥 Watching these kids grow on and

 Every rep. Every roll. Every lesson. 👊🏽

From the

 Load More Follow on Instagram

 ###### Follow Fight sports so cal!
