---
source_url: http://www.rcajj.com
final_url: https://rcajj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:09.566Z
---

Know YOUR Rank R
 C
 A

 J
 J Schedule a Class! Premier Jiu-Jitsu _School Know Your Rank Get To Know Our Team

 Roger Carpenter American Jiu-Jitsu is RCAJJ # Under the legendary Chris Haeuter

 In the heart of our town, nestled among the bustling streets and vibrant community, lies a haven that transcends mere mats and walls; it’s where the spirit of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu thrives, where dedication and excellence are ingrained in every fiber of our being. Welcome to our acclaimed BJJ gym, the unrivaled pinnacle of martial arts in our area. Step inside, and you’ll immediately sense an atmosphere pulsating with determination and camaraderie. This isn’t just a gym—it’s a family united by the shared passion for the art of grappling. What sets us apart? It’s not just our trophies adorning the walls or the medals glittering in our showcases; it’s the relentless pursuit of greatness, the commitment to nurturing both beginners and seasoned practitioners.
 At the core of our superiority lies our unparalleled track record. In a landscape with only two competing schools, our gym stands head and shoulders above the rest. Our trophy cabinet boasts an impressive array of victories, a testament to our dedication to excellence. With more competition entries and medals than any other establishment in the area, we’ve forged a legacy that speaks volumes about our prowess on the mat.
 Our success isn’t merely confined to numbers; it’s a result of a meticulously crafted training regimen. Our no-gi and gi programs are second to none, meticulously curated to cater to every skill level. From beginners taking their tentative first steps to seasoned veterans honing their craft, our programs cater to diverse needs, ensuring that each member finds their path to improvement.
 But what truly elevates us to the echelons of greatness are our instructors and competitors. We’re privileged to house a cadre of high-level mentors, individuals whose expertise extends far beyond technique—they’re mentors, motivators, and pillars of our community. Their commitment to imparting wisdom and fostering growth sets the gold standard in BJJ instruction.
 Moreover, our gym is a breeding ground for champions. Our competitors aren’t just participants—they’re warriors sculpted through dedication and sweat. Their triumphs in local and international arenas speak volumes about the caliber of training they receive within these walls.
 Yet, it’s not solely about the medals adorning our walls or the accolades garnered. It’s about the transformation that occurs within each practitioner. It’s about the quiet confidence gained, the friendships forged, and the resilience instilled through every grueling session.
 In our hallowed space, BJJ isn’t just a sport—it’s a way of life. It’s about discipline, respect, and continuous improvement. It’s about pushing boundaries and discovering the latent potential within. This is why our gym stands as the beacon of excellence, the undisputed champion among the BJJ schools in our area.
 Here, within these walls, the pursuit of perfection is a journey embarked upon together—a journey that transforms individuals into champions, not just on the mat, but in every facet of life.

 Welcome to our School Video

 Our Schedule # Our Classes

 Click here more details

 - All Events - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class - Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) - Kids BJJ Class (GI) - Adult BJJ Class (GI) - Kids BJJ Class (No-Gi) - No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Wrestling Fundamentals - Open Mat Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Sessions
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 6:00 am | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:15 am - 8:00 am | | | | | 7:00 am | | | | | | 9:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | 10:00 am | | | | | | Open Mat Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Sessions 10:00 am - 12:00 pm 11:00 am | | | | | | 5:00 pm | Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | Kids BJJ Class (No-Gi) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | Kids BJJ Class (No-Gi) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | 6:00 pm | | No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Wrestling Fundamentals 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:30 pm - 7:30 pm | No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Wrestling Fundamentals 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm | 7:00 pm | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 7:15 pm - 8:15 pm | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 7:30 pm - 6:30 pm | 8:00 pm | | | | | |
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 6:00 am | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:15 am - 8:00 am | | | | | 7:00 am | | | | | | 6:00 pm | | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:30 pm - 7:30 pm | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm | 7:00 pm | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm | | Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm | | 8:00 pm | | | | | |
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 9:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | | | | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | 7:00 pm | | | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm | | Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 7:30 pm - 6:30 pm | 8:00 pm | | | | | |
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 5:00 pm | Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | | Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | | Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | 6:00 pm | | | | | |
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 9:00 am | | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am | | 7:00 pm | Adult BJJ Class (GI) 7:15 pm - 8:15 pm | | | | | 8:00 pm | | | | | |
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 5:00 pm | | Kids BJJ Class (No-Gi) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | | Kids BJJ Class (No-Gi) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm | | 6:00 pm | | | | | |
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 6:00 pm | | No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Wrestling Fundamentals 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm | | No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Wrestling Fundamentals 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm | | 7:00 pm | | | | | |
 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 10:00 am | | | | | | Open Mat Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Sessions 10:00 am - 12:00 pm 11:00 am | | | | | |
 ### Monday - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:15 am - 8:00 am - Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 9:00 am - 10:00 am - Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm - Adult BJJ Class (GI) 7:15 pm - 8:15 pm

 ### Tuesday - Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am - Kids BJJ Class (No-Gi) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm - No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Wrestling Fundamentals 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm

 ### Wednesday - Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am - Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:30 pm - 7:30 pm - Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm

 ### Thursday - Adult BJJ Class (GI) 9:00 am - 10:00 am - Kids BJJ Class (No-Gi) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm - No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Wrestling Fundamentals 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm

 ### Friday - Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 9:00 am - 10:00 am - Kids BJJ Class (GI) 5:15 pm - 6:15 pm - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Adults Fundamentals Class 6:15 pm - 7:15 pm - Adult BJJ Class (No-Gi) 7:30 pm - 6:30 pm

 ### Saturday - Open Mat Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Sessions 10:00 am - 12:00 pm

 0

 Comp Wins
 In just 12 months of operation

 0

 JJWL Points
 From White to Black Belt

 0 Yr

 Total Training

 Combination of all the Years of Training of our Student Body

 0

 Super Fights

 Competition

 ## Awards and achievements

 Fight Sports So Cal stood out as the sole school in the area to participate in Tap Out Cancer, remarkably raising the highest amount of funds for the charity within the region. Surpassing even well-established schools nearby, our team’s exceptional performance resulted in taking home the most medals compared to any other participating school.

 READ moRE

 News # Latest News

 ##### it is official! We are an approved mission vista vendor. August 5, 2024
 We are thrilled to announce our new partnership with Mission Vista Charter School to offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lessons to their…

 ##### Victory and Growth: Mounted May Shines at JJWL Worlds with Record-Breaking Success May 30, 2024
 Wow! Mounted May has come and gone, and what a month it was for our competition team and hobbyists. The…

 ##### What a Phenomenal Month: Open Guard April and More! April 30, 2024
 April brought an electrifying surge of energy to our martial arts academy! Head Instructor Roger guided us through an immersive…

 Video # Competitions Videos and Instructionals

 BJJ Demonstration Now Playing Fights Mark Rumble Now Playing Fights Mark Rumble Now Playing Fights Mark Rumble Now Playing

 Store # RCAJJ Collaborations

 Know Your Rank is a merchandising brand created by our Head Instructor Roger Carpenter. Along with his gear here, you can also purchase Fight Sports Gear.

 Shop Now

 - boxing, pro-x, sport, storeElastic Handwraps $49.99 add to cart

 - boxing, pro-x, sport, storeElastic Handwraps $49.99 add to cart - boxing, pro-x, sport, storeChallenger Gloves $89.99 add to cart

 Meet Our Team! # RCAJJ Coaches

 #### Roger Carpenter Head Instructor

 Read more
