---
source_url: https://selfdefensedibervillems.com/programs/fitness-classes/
final_url: https://selfdefensedibervillems.com/programs/fitness-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:53.477Z
---

## Fitness # Classes Tired of struggling with your workout routine? It’s time to get real results. Take on our G.R.I.T. (Group Resistance Intensity Training) classes and make results happen. Our Fitness Classes are proven to help you lose weight, build lean muscle, and give you the energy and flexibility you want. What’s holding you back from real results?
 Contact Us

 ### Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy Fitness Classes
 #### Get The Results You Want Through G.R.I.T Fitness Classes! If you’ve struggled to achieve your fitness goals in the past, it isn’t your fault.
 Our team at Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy is here to empower you with the tools you need to find lasting success. Our Fitness Classes are designed with your busy schedule, your needs, and your goals in mind in order to produce the best possible results. Join us in D’Iberville to take on a dynamic, high-energy fitness routine perfect for anyone looking to lose weight, build lean muscle, or enjoy the motivation and accountability that come with being part of a supportive fitness community.

 #### So You’re Into Fitness Classes, Now What Is G.R.I.T.? G.R.I.T. stands for Group Resistance Intensity Training. Our Fitness Classes are designed to promote lasting results, and to help you get them as quickly as possible. Our team at Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy is made up of martial arts professionals who have extensive knowledge of health and wellness, so you can trust us to give you expert guidance, ongoing support, and to deliver on real results.
 Our mission is to help men and women across the D’Iberville, Biloxi, and Ocean Springs areas become the best they can be by empowering them with knowledge, giving them access to an intense workout through our Fitness Classes, and by making our program accessible to people of all ages and abilities. We don’t want you to just be happy with your results — we want to help you thrive.

 #### Try Out The Best Fitness Classes In The Biloxi Area! No matter whether you’re a hardcore fitness junkie or if you’re making a renewed commitment to your health and wellness, our professional team at Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy is happy to offer you the chance to take on our G.R.I.T Fitness Classes and get the results you’ve been dreaming of. With our convenient location in D’Iberville, we proudly serve the Biloxi and Ocean Springs communities with accessible, high-quality fitness and martial arts training!
 Join us for G.R.I.T. Fitness Classes and take on:
 - Torch hundreds of calories per training session - Create sustainable, long-term fitness - Build self-confidence, self-esteem, and discipline - Engage with a supportive and passionate fitness community

 #### Want to learn more about our Fitness classes? Start Your Free Trial

 ##### Free Trial ×
