---
source_url: https://selfdefensedibervillems.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
final_url: https://selfdefensedibervillems.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:55.121Z
---

### Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy ## Fitness. Self-Defense. Growth. Welcome to Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy!
 Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy in St. Martin, Mississippi is home to an uplifting community of martial artists. We cultivate an environment rooted in positivity and passion. Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy is the perfect fit for any student regardless of goals or experience level. Whether you’re a beginner, hobbyist, or competitor you will find a home here. Our top-quality Jiu-Jitsu classes focus on building better humans before building great champions.
 If you’re looking for martial arts in St. Martin, train at Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy to experience a better lifestyle today!
 Start Your Free Trial
 ##### Free Trial ×

 ## Features At Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we stand apart from the crowd. Here are a few of the advantages of our martial arts and fitness training that you won’t find elsewhere:

 - - Inclusive The Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy team accommodates our students’ needs. We’ll help you reach your goal regardless of your skill level! - Family We take pride in cultivating a positive, friendly environment where our community uplifts you! - Lifestyle Benefits of BJJ training don’t end after class - it’s a lifestyle change. It improves not only your physical health, but also your mental fortitude. - Discipline Not only will you become stronger but you'll become a better person on and off the mat. You’ll notice growth in confidence, humility, and respect. - Fitness Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu conditions and strengthens you while instilling a foundational knowledge of self-defense.

 ### Learn More About Us:
 ### Abouts Us Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy aims to make our students the best version of themselves by improving their confidence and resilience. You’re not just a number in class. Our instructors provide individualized BJJ instruction to understand your goals and strengths. We believe consistency is key to continuous improvement. You’ll learn how to grow from your instructors and peers, both on and off the mat. Regardless of your skill level, you’ll build a strong foundation of Jiu-Jitsu techniques and fundamentals.
 Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy is one of the few BJJ academies in St. Martin that offers martial arts and fitness classes under the same roof. Leonardo has practiced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu since 1997 and was promoted to a black belt in 2011. Throughout his journey he has proven his expertise by becoming a 3x World Champion, 2x Pan American Champion, and 3x American National Champion. What sets him apart as an instructor and academy owner? He is an active competitor who builds resilient students from the ground up.
 ### History Originally from Brazil, owner Leonardo Delgado has lived in the United States since 2015. He quickly planted his roots and was immersed in the community through BJJ classes. In 2019 he achieved his dream of being an owner by taking over America Martial Art Academy. In 2022, the school took on the name Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy and began to flourish further. Now, in 2024, the academy has moved to a newly renovated facility with the same purpose as when it began – to continue inspiring people and improving lives through Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Learn More About Us! Learn More

 ### Sign up today and enjoy a free first class! Special Offers

 ### Build Better Humans ## Before Great Champions For thousands of years, martial arts have been a path to self-betterment for people the world over. Now we’re bringing the expertise of our talented instructors to the D’Iberville, Biloxi, and Ocean Springs areas, offering Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to students as young as four years old. It’s never too early (or too late!) to get started on building confidence, discipline, and creating positive growth.
 By offering a variety of dynamic Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and courses on a flexible schedule, and providing customized fitness classes designed around our tailored G.R.I.T. system (Group Resistance Intensity Training), we can help you move better, live healthier, and revitalize your fitness.

 #### Brazilian ### Jiu Jitsu At Leonardo Delgado Jiu-Jitsu Academy, our 3rd Degree Black Belt BJJ instructor cares about his students and is willing to put in extra time to make sure that they are getting the best training possible.
 Learn More

 #### Kids ### Jiu Jitsu Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes focus on instilling strong core values in our students. We believe in creating confident, respectful, and disciplined youths who will uphold the values of our community.
 Learn More

 #### Fitness ### Classes Tired of struggling with your workout routine? It's time to get real results. Take on our G.R.I.T. (Group Resistance Intensity Training) classes and make results happen.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - I take jujitsu here and it is awesome! The people here are so kind and generous. I will recommend this to anyone. It has jujitsu and a workout station. So 5 Stars!!! Annaclare B Google - High level Bjj being taught by a high level black belt. Also being here is like being with family everyone cares about everyone. Jonathan Landry Facebook - Coach is so awesome with the kids. Everyone is friendly and they treat everyone with respect. Dannon Thornton Facebook - I've been doing Jiu Jitsu here for about a year and it has truly been amazing. World-class professor, friendly environment, and just a fun place to spend a few hours every week! Ben Weldon Google - Personally, I have been to 4 BJJ schools this year due to moving all over the world and this is by far the best school I have been to yet! Luke Height Google - I am grateful to have both Professor Delgado and his wife Thaís impart to my daughters how they can strive towards becoming their best selves through Jiu Jitsu. Isaac Hudgins Google - Incredible place and programs. My daughter loves her instructors. They are amazing and teach so many things. We recommend to everyone... Mariette Lefort facebook - Our son has been taking here since the summer and he absolutely loves it! My husband and I both can’t say enough good things about Coach Leo! Stephanie Wilson Facebook

 #### ### Programs Do you still have questions about our programs? We have answers!
 Do you still have questions about our programs? We have answers!
 Learn More

 #### Special Offers ### Check Out Our Check out all the awesome things we offer!
 Check out all the awesome things we offer!
 Learn More!

 #### Current Class ### Schedule Looking for class times? View our current class schedule!
 Looking for class times? View our current class schedule!
 View Schedule
