---
source_url: https://www.sagazjiujitsu.com/programs/kids-teens-classes
final_url: https://www.sagazjiujitsu.com/programs/kids-teens-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:32.369Z
---

### Kids/Teens Classes
 Dive into the exciting world of martial arts with our Kids/Teens Classes at Sagaz Jiu Jitsu in San Diego, CA. This program is expertly crafted to cater to all youth ages and skill levels, from beginners to advanced participants, focusing on building confidence, discipline, and physical fitness.
 Join now and witness the transformation in your child's skills and mindset. Don't miss this opportunity to empower your child to be their best self!

 ### class structure Lil Owlets: 3-5 years old
 Owlets: 6-10 years old
 Owls: 11-16 years old
 *Teens 13+ may participate in adult classes if Professor deems them capable and desire to do so!
 ‍
 Discover the unparalleled experience of our Kids/Teens Classes at Sagaz Jiu Jitsu in San Diego, CA. Immerse yourself in a dynamic program that combines physical training, mental focus, and character development.
 Professor Ale Moss has coached successful Youth/Teen classes for many years and is recognized as one of the best kids jiu jitsu coaches around!
 Enroll you children into a world of growth, strength, and achievement with our program.

 ### Join Our Program Today!‍

 Start Your Free Trial
 CONTACT US FOR MORE INFO

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of San Diego, CA Residents

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Conveniently Located in Pacific Beach, Off I-5 near the I-8 interchange
 ### 1827 Garnet Ave, San Diego, CA 92109, USA

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Sagaz Jiu Jitsu is located and easily accessible from all of San Diego.

 San Diego

 ## The hardest step is always the first step. It's time to act!
 Book Your Free trial
