---
source_url: https://www.sagazjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.sagazjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:35.070Z
---

## FOCUS ON WOMEN'S AND YOUTH Programs
 Gain confidence, strength, and self-defense skills in a welcoming, inclusive environment designed for all - but with a special focus on women and children/teens.

 ## Holistic Development
 Our programs promote physical fitness, mental resilience, and personal growth, enriching your life beyond the mat.

 ## Community and Connection
 Join a diverse community where support, encouragement, and camaraderie are fundamental to our shared journey in jiu jitsu.

 ## jiu jitsu is for every one
 Our classes are tailored to provide a safe and welcoming gateway into the wonderful world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Become a member

 Try Our Womens ClassesElevate your fitness journey with Women's Classes at Sagaz Jiu Jitsu. Join us in San Diego, CA for expert-led sessions that boost your strength, skills, and confidence. Experience a supportive community dedicated to helping you achieve your fitness goals.Start Your Free Trial
 Try Our Kids/Teens ClassesUnleash your child's potential with our Kids/Teens Classes at Sagaz Jiu Jitsu in San Diego, CA. Join us for dynamic classes that build strength, confidence, and discipline. Experience the transformative power of martial arts in a supportive and motivating environment. Enroll now for a fitness journey like no other!Start Your Free Trial
 Try Our All Levels/Genders Gi and no-Gi TrainingExperience the best of both worlds with our All Levels/Genders Gi and no-Gi Training program at Sagaz Jiu Jitsu. Join us in San Diego, CA for a comprehensive training program that caters to all levels and genders, ensuring that you reach your fitness goals while honing your martial arts skills.Start Your Free Trial

 ## Getting Started Is Easy
 1

 ### Schedule a Consult
 We want to hear your jiu jitsu goals, educate you on our offerings and structure, assess a good starting point, and even let you try out a class for free!

 2

 ### Try a Free Class
 See what the fuss is all about with a free intro class, in a safe and welcoming environment. We will guide you every step of the way.

 3

 ### Choose a Membership that Fits You
 Take the next step to let Sagaz increase your physical and mental well-being and be either the beginning of your BJJ journey or your new home for training!

 ## Everything You Need To Crush Your JIU JITSU Goals

 ### Open Gym

 ### Water Cooler

 ### Women Only Fitness Classes

 ### Class Reservations

 ### Members Only App

 ### Weekend Workout Classes

 ## A community that will keep you going
 We Know Starting Jiu Jitsu Can Be Intimidating: Here, everyone belongs. We ensure a welcoming, fear-free introduction.

 Leaders in Inclusivity and Innovation: Paving the Way for Women and Kids in Jiu Jitsu and Pioneering Standardized and Effective Programming and Teaching Methods.

 Our Core Values include Integrity, Discipline, and Compassion. These are the pillars that define our teachings and community.

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Conveniently Located in Pacific Beach, Off I-5 near the I-8 interchange
 ### 1827 Garnet Ave, San Diego, CA 92109, USA

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Sagaz Jiu Jitsu is located and easily accessible from all of San Diego.

 San Diego

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of San Diego, CA Residents

 ## Questions? We have the answers!
 Still curious? Talk to us!
 (619) 373-9432 Contact Us

 How do I sign up for a free trial?

 Schedule your free trial with us by filling out the contact form with all of your details, and we will contact you to schedule your free trial.

 What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)?

 BJJ is a martial art and combat sport focused on ground fighting and submission holds using techniques and leverage to overcome opponents, regardless of size and strength. It's also a great way to get in the best shape of your life, while meeting lifelong friends!

 Do I get the chance to meet new friends?

 Yes. We like to organize our jiu jitsu classes into small groups, as this allows you to meet others. We also host many social functions and events in and out of the academy!

 Can women practice BJJ?

 Absolutely, BJJ is beneficial for women, offering self-defense skills, physical fitness, stress relief, and empowerment​. Which is why we offer specific classes for Women to help welcome you into all the amazing things jiu jitsu has to offer - mentally and physically!

 Why is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu so effective for self-defense?

 BJJ emphasizes leverage, technique, and control to neutralize and subdue opponents without causing unnecessary harm, making it highly effective for real-world self-defense scenarios​.

 Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu suitable for beginners?

 Yes, BJJ is suitable for beginners. Sagaz offers beginner-friendly classes to help new students learn the basics and progress at their own pace​. We also offer womens and youth only classes to make it more comfortable to start as you will be training with peers!

 Do I need to be physically fit to start BJJ?

 No, you don't need to be in peak physical condition to start. BJJ training itself will help improve your fitness, strength, and flexibility over time​.

 What payment methods do you accept?

 We take all major credit cards and debit cards. We do not accept personal checks.

 What should I wear for BJJ training?

 Our students usually wear a gi (uniform) for traditional classes or rash guards and spats for no-gi sessions. It's important to choose high-quality gear that fits well and meets competition standards, which is why Sagaz offers all the gear you need (at additional cost). But we also lend out gi's for your free trial, so just come in athletic clothing and we'll take care of the rest!​

 Can BJJ help with weight loss and overall fitness?

 Yes, BJJ is a full-body workout that can aid in weight loss, improve cardiovascular health, and enhance overall fitness. Training sessions involve intense physical activity, including cardio, strength training, and flexibility exercises​.

 ## The hardest step is always the first step. It's time to act!
 Book Your Free trial
