---
source_url: https://www.area502mma.com
final_url: https://area502mma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.302Z
---

##### Fitness Classes, Jiu-Jitsu, Boxing & More!

 # Big News, Louisville.WE’RE here - in our new home!

 The city’s #1 Martial Arts & Fitness Academy has leveled up — and your new home for training is bigger, better, and built for results.
 We’ve moved into a brand-new facility designed to give you more space, more energy, and more opportunities to transform your body, sharpen your mind, and elevate your training.
 This isn’t just a new address.
 It’s a new chapter — and you’re invited to be part of something bigger.
 Whether you’re here to get stronger, learn new skills, or join a community that pushes you to be your best, your next level starts now.
 Don’t wait. Experience the evolution.

 Learn More

 0 +
 #####

 Years Of Experiences

 0 +
 #####

 Total Members

 0 +
 #####

 Professional Trainer

 0 +
 #####

 Success Stories

 ##### World Class Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, MMA and freestyle wrestling in Louisville, KY

 ## Get Fit. Gain Confidence. Learn to defend yourself.

 Area 502 is a 12,500 sq. ft. fully equipped mixed martial arts gym. We offer classes for EVERYONE! Martial arts and fitness classes for men, women, and children of all ages. Beginner to advanced. We have a boxing ring along with over 2500 sq. ft. of matted area, a 3000 sq. ft. private gym, and so much more! Sign up today for your FREE TRIAL class and come check it out for yourself!

 Sign up for free class

 ### Adult Programs Our adult programs offer a blend of martial arts including MMA, Boxing, Kickboxing, Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Wrestling. Designed for those seeking to elevate their martial arts skills and\or physical fitness in a dynamic and supportive environment.
 Learn More

 ### Youth Programs Our youth programs introduces young enthusiasts to the fundamentals of martial arts of Boxing and Jiu-Jitsu. Teaching core values such as respect, discipline, and living a happy healthy lifestyle. And of course having fun!
 Learn More

 ### Women Programs Our women's programs are designed to empower women through the disciplines of Boxing, Kickboxing, Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Wrestling. Get fit, Have fun, and reach your fitness goals with a super supportive group.
 Learn More

 ### The Jungle Gym We've got fun and gains! Come check out our 3000 sq ft. fully equipped private gym. We hand picked every piece of equipment so you can maximize every workout. We can help you reach your goals, whatever they are.
 Learn More

 ##### Try Area 502 MMA for free!

 ## THERE IS NO BETTER TIME TO START TRAINING THAN NOW!

 Dive into the dynamic world of Mixed Martial Arts with our limited-time FREE TRIAL OFFER! Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced martial artist, our world-class training program is designed to elevate your skills, fitness, and confidence.

 Sign up for free class

 ##### Louisville’s only Official Carlson Gracie Academy

 ## Join the Legacy: Carlson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Team

 Area 502 is proud to be the Louisville’s only Official Carlson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu academy. Our head coach Phillip Perkins is a 2nd degree Carlson Gracie Jr. Blackbelt. He has taught and trained all over the world. He has spent over 2 months in Brazil training and teaching seminars. We are proud to carry on the Carlson Gracie Legacy at Area 502.

 Sign up for free class

 ##### Testimonials

 ## see what people are saying

 ##### 502 Fight Forum

 ## Latest Blog & News

 ##### Try Area 502 MMA for free!

 ## THERE IS NO BETTER TIME TO START TRAINING THAN NOW!

 Dive into the dynamic world of Mixed Martial Arts with our limited-time FREE TRIAL OFFER! Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced martial artist, our world-class training program is designed to elevate your skills, fitness, and confidence.

 Sign up for free class
