---
source_url: http://riliongraciewesthouston.com/classes
final_url: https://riliongraciewesthouston.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:54.931Z
---

# Programs

 # Programs Overview

 complimentary Trial

 Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals

 In the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals class students learn the most important and effective techniques of modern Self-Defense. They will also achieve a fulfilling workout on top of learning the essential concepts of leverage, weight, angles, balance, and pressure. Learning Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a eye opening experience that will leave you craving for more. Some of the techniques students will learn and master are the Armbar, Triangle, Americana and many highly effective effective chokes. Students also achieve a healthy workout that promotes building useful strength and improved flexibility.

 Kids Jiu Jitsu

 In our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program your children will learn the most necessary skills every child or young adult needs to survive and flourish in today's changing world. On top of the crucial life lessons your children will also develop improved coordination and agility in a fun and exciting way. We guarantee your children will develop improved focus, healthier habits and...

 Lean More

 Advanced
 Jiu Jitsu / NoGi

 Our advanced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and NoGi Program is designed to teach students not only advanced techniques but also the concepts that allow the techniques to work effectively and efficiently. Classes entail short but effective warm up then drills and technique followed by 30min+ rolling time.

 Muay Thai

 Muay Thai training focused on fundamentals, fitness, and confidence. Whether you’re brand new or leveling up, our classes meet you where you are and help you grow.

 Private Lessons

 Private Lessons are designed and crafted for students specifically to their needs and desires. Whether its intricate game plans or advice on specific positions private lessons are carefully curated to improve each students Knowledge of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Privates lessons are the best and fastest way to improve your game because you will have a dedicated instructor showing you every detail needed to preform the art at its highest level. 1 on 1 and group rates are available.

 sign up for my trial class

 ### Rilion Gracie Energy Corridor
 ## Welcome The most professional, technical, and respected Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Texas. We help people build confidence, lose weight, support healthy lifestyles and attain mental clarity. Conveniently located in the heart of Houston's energy corridor. We specialize in teaching beginners and pride ourselves on developing technical black belts.
 We also help parents build their child's confidence and make them bully-proof! (kids & adults classes available)

 Call Today to schedule your complimentary trial class
 (713) 257-3460

 ADDRESS:
 1396 Eldridge Pkwy, Houston, TX 77077
 PHONE:
 (713) 257 3460

 EMAIL:
 Riliongraciewesthouston@gmail.com

 Rilion Gracie Energy Corridor, 1396 Eldridge Pkwy, Houston, TX 77077
 (713) 257 3460
