---
source_url: http://riliongraciewesthouston.com
final_url: https://riliongraciewesthouston.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:55.310Z
---

# Home Rilion Gracie West Houston on Eldridge Pkwy Houston TX 77077

 Welcome to Rilion Gracie Energy Corridor

 try now / buy now

 RGA Tournament

 Tournament Schedule
 Sunday April, 26
 Kids:
 9AM - Ages 4-6
 10AM - Ages 7-10
 11AM - Ages 11-15

 Adults: White, Blue & Purple Belts
 12PM Ages 16+
 Train local. Train consistently.
 Rilion Gracie Energy Corridor

 Book My Trial

 The
 Competition Guide

 A 4-week training plan that's gonna turn you into the competitor you are supposed to be. This guide is specifically designed to accelerate your strength, cardio, conditioning, technique, so that when you step onto the mat, you'll be ready to react intuitively.

 I WANT THIS!

 Jiu Jitsu is not a game - BJJ Comp Vlog Nov 2021

 Understanding Grappling - Mix Up

 Advanced Jiu Jitsu - The Mixup (clip)

 Learn invisible Jiu Jitsu UG ep2 (clipped)
 Understanding Grappling

 Final Pieces, Now Open Ep 6. Gym Expansion

 Coming Together! Ep 5. Gym Expansion

 The Buildout Begins! Ep 4. Gym Expansion

 Austin Open 2021 Ep 3. Gym Expansion

 Field Trip to FDHTX, Ep 2. Gym Expansion

 Putting it all on the line.. Ep 1. Gym Expansion

 book my trial class

 Academy

 programs

 blog

 Contact

 Complimentary Trial Class

 ## Testimonials ### “All the excellent reviews and things you read about this place are true. After his trial lesson, my 5 year old jumped up and down, and begged me to enroll him at this academy. Drew and Stephanie are very talented teachers who can break down useful concepts in a fun way that my son easily understood. Be warned, the energy and smiles at this place are very contagious. I have been involved in martial arts for 15 years and I am very impressed. This place is a gem. Very friendly” - Ethan T. ### “Fantastic Place to train. Drew is one of the most humble people you will ever meet but his skills as a BJJ practitioner are amazing. Fantastic at teaching new and experienced as well as kids and adults.” Alex A. ### “Professor Drew is top notch! Everyone I've encountered on the mats have been welcoming and helpful. I'm glad I found Rilion Gracie West Houston to start and continue my BJJ journey.” - Hung T.

 ### Rilion Gracie Energy Corridor
 ## Welcome The most professional, technical, and respected Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Texas. We help people build confidence, lose weight, support healthy lifestyles and attain mental clarity. Conveniently located in the heart of Houston's energy corridor. We specialize in teaching beginners and pride ourselves on developing technical black belts.
 We also help parents build their child's confidence and make them bully-proof! (kids & adults classes available)

 Call Today to schedule your complimentary trial class
 (713) 257-3460

 ADDRESS:
 1396 Eldridge Pkwy, Houston, TX 77077
 PHONE:
 (713) 257 3460

 EMAIL:
 Riliongraciewesthouston@gmail.com

 Rilion Gracie Energy Corridor, 1396 Eldridge Pkwy, Houston, TX 77077
 (713) 257 3460
