---
source_url: http://islandjiujitsumi.com
final_url: https://www.islandjiujitsumi.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:52.060Z
---

# Island Jiu-Jitsu Michigan

 Learn More
 Learn More

 ## Island Aloha on the Lakeshore! The vibe is laid back when you walk in the doors. At Island Jiu-Jitsu Michigan, we want you to focus on the training, not the politics. We thrive on teaching Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense to everyone at all stages of the journey.

 ## Facility

 Slide 1 Slide 1 (current slide) Slide 2 Slide 2 (current slide) Slide 3 Slide 3 (current slide) Slide 4 Slide 4 (current slide) Slide 5 Slide 5 (current slide) Slide 6 Slide 6 (current slide) Slide 7 Slide 7 (current slide) Slide 8 Slide 8 (current slide) Slide 9 Slide 9 (current slide) Slide 10 Slide 10 (current slide) Slide 11 Slide 11 (current slide) Slide 12 Slide 12 (current slide) Slide 13 Slide 13 (current slide) Slide 14 Slide 14 (current slide) Slide 15 Slide 15 (current slide) Slide 16 Slide 16 (current slide) Slide 17 Slide 17 (current slide) Slide 18 Slide 18 (current slide) Slide 19 Slide 19 (current slide) Slide 20 Slide 20 (current slide) Slide 21 Slide 21 (current slide) Slide 22 Slide 22 (current slide) Slide 23 Slide 23 (current slide) Slide 24 Slide 24 (current slide) Slide 25 Slide 25 (current slide)

 # Train The Body

 Coaches

 - Nick Jones Nick Jones started training Jiu-Jitsu in 2009 and has been a very active competitor throughout his career, competing in NAGA, New Breed, Modern Flow, Five Grappling, Fuji, the Meijer Judo Open, the Michigan Open, the Arnold’s, and the Hawaii Triple Crown. He has traveled to train extensively throughout the Midwest, as well as California, Hawaii, and Las Vegas. He has trained at many schools, including Atos HQ, Art of Jiu Jitsu (AOJ), Clark Gracie, and Robert Drysdale HQ, in order to train with world-class talent like Rafa Mendes, André Galvão, Michael Fowler, JT Torres, Josh Hinger, Michael Liera Jr., Nisar Loynab, Matt Leighton, Dominique Bell, Ashur Darmo, Kristian Woodmansee, and Jeremiah Vance. - Vincent Rennells Vince started his journey back in 2006 training in boxing, taekwondo, and Jiu-Jitsu. Utilizing these skills, he finished with an amateur record of 3-1 in MMA. After years of traveling and training, he settled back home honed his focus on Jiu-Jitsu. Starting at IJJ Michigan in 2016, he quickly reignited his love for the sport as well as his love for teaching. Always eager to learn and grow both inside and outside of the gym, he is constantly pushing his students to help them reach their goals. Vince has been leading morning fundamentals since 2019 and received his Brown Belt in October of 2022. Vince brings a broad pool of knowledge and technical skill to his students and always pushes them to grow as much as he pushes himself. - Jon Rohn Jon teaches the evening fundamentals class every Tuesday and Thursday and started training in mixed martial arts in 2005. He has had ten MMA fights with an overall record of 6-4 with all six wins by submission. He was promoted to brown belt by Coach Nick in December 2022.His hobbies outside of the gym include lifting, shooting, playing music, and studying history. - Carmel Hernandez Carmel trained MMA for several years, competing at the amateur level, whereafter he began training at Island Jiu-Jitsu Michigan in 2016. Discovering his passion for Jiu-Jitsu and looking for the opportunity to contribute more to the community, he became a kids coach in 2021.Carmel has competed and been victorious in expert division tournaments and has flown across the country to fight at the biggest tournaments. You will often see him uke for coach Nick at both kids’ and adult classes.Carmel’s hobbies when he’s not training Jiu-Jitsu are video games and disc golf. - Sam Pringle Sammy started training BJJ back in 2016. He has had the opportunity to train and compete in multiple states and events over the years and found a family within the community. He enjoys working with all experience levels, especially beginners, and loves to watch how people develop both on and off the mats after spending time with the sport. Sammy is currently a four-stripe purple belt. - Eva Pereda Eva began training BJJ in 2014 and was the first woman at the Academy to earn her purple belt. She is known as the Gym Momma and is ready to help anyone who needs it, whether they’ve been here for years, or have just walked through the doors. Eva is one of the women’s coaches as well as assistant coach for the kids’ classes. - Devin Riggs Devin started training Jiu-Jitsu at the age of 15 through his love of mixed martial arts. With the many benefits and family environment of the gym, he discovered it did not take long for him to become hooked. “I've always loved helping others in any ways that I can, but especially when on the mats!”There aren’t too many hobbies of his that don’t revolve around any type of combat sports, but if he had to name a few they would include hunting, fishing, hiking, and spending time with family and friends. - Matt Jolman Purple belt Matt Jolman began his Jiu-Jitsu journey in 2011. After a long hiatus, he joined Island Jiu-Jitsu Michigan in 2017 and has trained there regularly ever since. Matt earned his blue belt in the fall of 2019 and was awarded his purple belt in the fall of 2022. You can find Matt training most mornings Monday through Friday. Aside from BJJ (which is the best…) Matt wrestled in school and briefly trained in both Chinese Wu-Su and Mauy Thai. When not at the gym, Matt enjoys camping, backpacking, and canoeing. He also enjoys traveling and visiting other BJJ gyms. - Andra Durham Andra started training at Island Jiu-Jitsu Michigan in 2018. She earned her blue belt in 2020 and received her purple belt in October 2023. She enjoys the mental and physical challenges of Jiu-Jitsu and appreciates that the sport provides the opportunity to meet all kinds of people. When she is not training, Andra enjoys hiking, reading, and singing in the local chamber choir. - Kayla Hooker Kayla has been training Jiu-Jitsu at the Academy since 2019 and trains nearly every day. She has competed at the white and blue belt levels at local tournaments, consistently hitting the podium. She has placed at two IBJJF tournaments, earning medals in both Gi and No-Gi at both of her showings. Kayla also was a bronze medalist at the 2024 Pan IBJJF Jiu-Jitsu Championship, earning three submissions. Outside of training, Kayla works as a dental assistant and loves spending time with her kitties, Omo and Choi - Greg Churchley Before joining the Island team in 2020, Greg began training Jiu-Jitsu in 2019, one week before his 39th birthday. With no real marital arts experience to speak of, he had no idea that BJJ would become one of the most important aspects of his life. At the time, he figured it was either train Jiu-Jitsu or run, and he wasn’t about to run!While he primarily trains in the Gi due to his family schedule, he loves both Gi and No-Gi equally. As a blue belt, Greg is still finding his game and thoroughly enjoys the mindset of being a “continual learner.” Most weeks he racks up as many or more training sessions coaching as he does directly training for himself. If asked, he would tell you that one of his favorite aspects of coaching is ensuring a new student has a great first experience. “We’ve all had our bad days on the mats, but that first day—before you really love it—might be the most important day in any BJJ journey.”When not on the mats, Greg spends most of his time with his unusually large family (seven kids) and close friends and serving at his local church. - Grady Doran Grady loves Jiu-Jitsu for the way it combines a problem/puzzle-solving aspect on a mental level with serious physical demand. He has been in martial arts his whole life, moving through wrestling, kickboxing, and MMA until starting Jiu-Jitsu in 2019 and dedicating himself to that ever since. Grady received his blue belt on June 12, 2021, at the JT Torres seminar... EPIC. Grady loves working with the kids as well as giving out wrestling instructions to anyone looking to improve their game. Besides fighting for funzies, he loves music. He plays guitar, piano, and can sing to boot. Grady is an engineer and is married to his wife of 15 years, with whom he has a 13-year-old daughter. - Matt Rose Matt Rose started his martial arts journey with Judo in 2008; following years of training, he received his Black Belt. After taking some time off he found his way back into martial arts at Island Jiu-Jitsu in 2021. He received his blue belt in the fall of 2023. Matt primarily trains No-Gi but has trained in the Gi for years while training in Judo. He enjoys helping anyone learn how to take people to the mats, so feel free to ask him any questions.Outside of Jiu-Jitsu he is the youth leader of his Church and plays drums for the worship team. He enjoys spending time with his wife and son, watching football, hunting, playing drums, shooting guns, and riding his motorcycle. - Dan Carrier Assistant Coach Dan, affectionately known as “Dan Dan” at the gym, started training in Colorado in 2015 while looking for a way to stay in shape for climbing over the winter. His most recent promotion was the second stripe on his purple belt in October of 2022. Dan personally enjoys the mix between the still and the chaos that Jiu-Jitsu provides as well as the calm demeanor he has learned to exemplify while under heavy strain. If you’re training at the Academy you will get to know Dan. He is there for nearly every class. Dan’s hobbies include mountaineering, rock climbing, backcountry survival, and reading stoic philosophy.

 # Strengthen The Mind

 ## Team Page

 This past weekend the team went out and competed at @newbreedbjj in Grand Rapids. Island Jiu-Jitsu Michigan was able to secure the following. 🏆 1st place Youth Team 🏆 1st place Adult Team 🏆 1st place overall Team This was a TEAM effort and everyone contributed to this win. I am elated by these results but now it is back to training! See you on the mats! @islandjiujitsu @galvaobjj @newbreedbjj

 Master worlds / Jiu-Jitsu Con 2024 what a ride! Out of the team Carmel Jr. stole the show this weekend. He came into this tournament the lowest seeded athlete and one of the only “solid grey” belts in his division. He was able to march through the division submitting the #1 seed in the finals. I am beyond proud of the young man @thegreatmello has become. I was fortunate enough to have this opportunity to promote him in front of thousands of fellow Jiu-Jitsu practitioners on the podium. Congratulations on IJJs newest yellow belt! Now on to the next! #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #bjj #jiujitsu #atop #atoshonolulu #atosjiujitsu #ibjjf #champion #aloha #jiujitsulifestyle #jiujitsucon

 Ibjjf Chicago open. Dominic earned himself a gold in his division after a dominate displays of wrestling and Jiu-Jitsu. Lachlan and Ricky closed out their bracket together Lachlan with the gold and Ricky with the silver. All in all the kids went undefeated! I cannot express how proud I am of these kids and look forward to seeing them continuously grow. #jiujitsu #bjj #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #atos #atosjiujitsu #atoshonolulu #muskegon #michigan #selfdefense #ibjjf #ibjjfchicagoopen @islandjiujitsu

 I could not be happier with the team’s performance at the ibjjf Chicago open. I’d like to give a special praise to @hernandezcarmel bringing home 4 medals two of which being gold in his no gi division and gold in no gi absolute, he had zero points scored on him and was very dominant in his no gi matches. He was the all around No Gi Champ in his division. Also congratulations to @derek_shin17 securing a gold after a very dominant match and @delgerbrian got silver at his IBJJF debut. Congratulations guys , now on to the next @islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #jiujitsu #bjj #atos #atoshonolulu #selfdefense #ibjjf #bjjlifestyle #aloha #muskegon #michigan

 Today the team had an opportunity to compete in the @the_agf tournament in Grand Rapids. Our kid squad was able to win both gi and no gi team trophy’s. We are so proud. It was a team effort to win, could not have done it without everyone who competed and those who helped coached. The adults also had a fantastic day as well securing 1st place in the gi. Lastly but surely not least we received the overall championship trophy. Stoked to see people set goals and achieve them. #bjj #jiujitsu #agf #grandrapids #muskegon #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #atos #atoshonolulu #aloha #oss #selfdefense @islandjiujitsumichigan @islandjiujitsuwest

 While you compete you’re the only one on the mats with your opponent, however it takes a team to prepare for competition. Thank you to everyone that put time in on the mats in preparation for this past tournament. @islandjiujitsu @islandjiujitsuwest @sojournjiujitsu @islandjiujitsu_atlantic #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #atosjiujitsu #atoshonolulu #jiujitsu #bjj #grandrapids #grapplingindustries #selfdefense #healthylifestyle #jiujitsulifestyle #activelifestyle #muskegon #michigan #watchusgomuskegon

 Congratulations to all the competitors that went to the grappling industries yesterday your dedication and hard work secured 2nd place overall team adults! Huge shout out to all of our children competitors went out there and left your hearts on the mats proud of your continuous growth. Thank you to all the competitors, coaches and teammates that were able to make it! On to the next. #islandjiujitsumichigan #atos #atosbjj #islandjiujitsu #jiujitsu #jiujitsulifestyle #bjj #competition #ohana #muskegon #selfdefense #activelifestyle #nogigrappling #wrestling @islandjiujitsu

 Last night we had the opportunity to have @gigesfnbjj come in and train with us. Thanks for the training and camaraderie! Hope to train again in the future! 👊🏼 #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #atos #atoshonolulu #jiujitsu #bjj #selfdefense #muskegon #aloha #ohana

 Today I had the honor of receiving my first degree black belt from Professor Jason Vigil! This makes almost 3.5 years at black belt. Thank you to everyone that was able to attend the seminar today. Over 50 IJJMI grapplers on the mat to learn from Surfah J #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #islandjiujitsu #atos #atoshonolulu #jiujitsu #bjj #seminar #muskegon #michigan

 This past week one of our coaches @kay.hook_ flew down to Florida to compete in the 2024 IBJJF PANS. She was able to secure bronze with absolutely beautiful and dominant Jiu-Jitsu, submitting the first 3 girls to get to the semifinals before succumbing by a narrow margin on points. To say we are proud would be a vast understatement! Great work and I cannot wait to see what comes next! @islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #bjj #ibjjf #pans #jiujitsu #atos #atoshonolulu #selfdefense

 Having a mundane Monday? Come be apart of something exciting Classes Monday: No gi- 9am-10:30am Kids- 6:00pm-7pm Gi- 7:30pm-9:00pm #jiujitsu #bjj #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #muskegon #aloha #ohana #atos #atoshonolulu #selfdefense #healthylifestyle #jiujitsulifestyle

 Success is hidden in your daily routine! Come try Jiu-Jitsu and see if this is something you would like to add to your regiment. Opportunity’s to train 7 days a week! ✅ Morning and Evening classes available for adults Monday-Friday ✅ 🚨 First week is always free! 🚨 🎥 @mikestifflerstudio 👌🏼 @islandjiujitsu 🥋 #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #atos #atoshonolulu #jiujitsu #jiujitsulifestyle #bjj #muskegon #michigan #aloha #ohana

 Nothing more rewarding than watching our students improve and grow. Kids Jiujitsu Monday,Wednesday 6-7pm Friday 5-6pm @islandjiujitsu @sojournjiujitsu @islandjiujitsuwest @islandjiujitsu_atlantic #islandjiujitsumichigan #islandjiujitsu #jiujitsu #atos #atoshonolulu #jiujitsulifestyle #bjj #aloha #ohana #jiujitsu4life #selfdefense #muskegon #michigan #martialarts

 Taking that first step can be the hardest, but that step could change your life. Jiu-jitsu can develop: ☑️ Increase in confidence ☑️ Weight loss ☑️ Learning a new skill ☑️ New friends and social connections 🔔First week free 🔔 Training opportunities everyday of the week 🔔Classes available AM/PM Monday-Friday We hope to see you on the mats! #islandjiujitsumichigan #islandjiujitsu #jiujitsu #bjj #muskegon #selfdefense #martialarts #atos #atoshonolulu #aloha #mss 🎥 @mikestifflerstudio 🔥 @islandjiujitsu @islandjiujitsuwest @sojournjiujitsu @islandjiujitsu_atlantic

 Jiu-Jitsu is a great way to not only get in shape, but also gain confidence as well being apart of a group of people to socialize with! 📍 960 W. Sherman Blvd Muskegon MI ⏰ Monday-Sunday 🚨 First week is free (uniform provided during trial) 💭❔Feel free to DM or call or text 231-730-0313 🎥 @mikestifflerstudio 🙏🏼 #jiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #islandjiujitsu #bjj #selfdefense #gym #muskegon #michigan #atos #atoshonolulu

 Congratulations to everyone who received promotions last night. Jujutsu is a journey, and I’m proud of the team I have on mine. Everyone comes in and is driven to do their best, on top of the day to day grind. Always uplifting, and motivating each other on and off the mats. Truly blessed. @islandjiujitsu @islandjiujitsuwest @sojournjiujitsu @islandjiujitsu_atlantic #jiujitsu #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #bjj #muskegon #ohana #jiujitsulifestyle

 Ever thought about getting your children involved in martial arts? Jiu-Jitsu is a great way to start that journey! Here are some of the many benefits of training Jiu-Jitsu. 💥 Confidence - when you practice a skill that you can use to defend yourself, along with improving your physical health and fitness your confidence levels are going to naturally increase. 💥 Humility -One of the critical of Jiu-Jitsu is learning how to be humble in both victory and defeat. This is a practiced daily during sparing sessions. 💥 Respect -In Jiu-Jitsu you have the opportunity to meet, train, and become friends as well as teammate’s with people from varying backgrounds and social situations. 💥 Friendship- The shared interest of Jiu-Jitsu paired with the mutual struggle during class leads to a sense of commonality and community. ‼️ First week is always free, with Gi provided‼️ ❗️I hope to see you on the mats❗️ @islandjiujitsu @mikestifflerstudio @islandjiujitsuwest @islandjiujitsu_atlantic @sojournjiujitsu #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #atos #atoshonolulu #jiujitsu #jiujitsulifestyle #jiujitsulife #bjj #bjjlifestyle #muskegon #muskegonmichigan #selfdefense #MSS

 Ever want to have your child try a martial art or learn self-defense? Jiu-Jitsu is a great way to start that journey! 💥 Mental Focus Jiu-Jitsu teaches you to be mentally present in that moment. 💥 Critical Thinking Jiu-Jitsu gives us the ability to test out solutions to problems, with instant feedback to see if it worked! 💥 Self-Confidence! With the ability to critically think on the fly and your willingness to accept and tackle new challenges! 💥 Its fun! Even though Jiu-Jitsu is mentally and physically challenging you will often see big smiles on the mats! @islandjiujitsu @islandjiujitsuwest @sojournjiujitsu @islandjiujitsu_atlantic @mikestifflerstudio #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #muskegon #michigan #bjj #jiujitsu #jiujitsulifestyle #aloha #ohana

 This weekend was spectacular! We had some of the team competing at the IBJJF Chicago Summer Open. @matthew_straley had a flawless day with 4 fights, 4 submissions, 0 points scored against him. He was able to secure his spot on top of the podium on his 21st birthday! @kay.hook_ also had a pristine run in her Gi division with both fights ending in submission and 0 points scored against her! She then bumped up a weight class for No-Gi testing herself and was able to secure the bronze medal @hernandezcarmel had 2 great matches for bronze with the first match being decided decisively by an onslaught of cross grip passing that we had been working in the room the past few weeks, which felt especially good! @the.reel.beelz has a great showing back to the competition mats with a submission in the first round, followed by a banger of a fight with a up and coming stud! All in all I was both happy and proud with the results, but more excited to see the growth of those individuals that chose to compete this past weekend! Of course big thanks to the rest of the team and family members for being such a great support system! @islandjiujitsu #jiujitsu #bjj #muskegon #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #ibjjf #chicago

 Have you ever wanted to try Jiu-Jitsu? There’s no better time than now! Some benefits that come with training Jiu-Jitsu 💥 Learning Self Defense 💥 Improved Body Strength 💥 Improved Cardio 💥 Community Hope to see you on the mats! First week is always free! @islandjiujitsu @islandjiujitsuwest @islandjiujitsu_atlantic @sojournjiujitsu @mikestifflerstudio #jiujitsu #bjj #islandjiujitsu #islandjiujitsumichigan #muskegon #jiujitsulifestyle #aloha

 # Challenge The Soul

 Start your free week today
 Start your free week today
