---
source_url: https://tigermartialartsfitness.com
final_url: https://tigermartialartsfitness.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:00.282Z
---

# Empowering Our Community

 Tiger Martial Arts & Fitness Academy offers a variety of high-quality,
 community-based martial arts and fitness programs to the Grant County area. With over 25 years of martial arts experience, our experts take great pride in maintaining a friendly, safe, and clean environment.

 - "Tiger Martial Arts has provided my family with more than just a place to become physically active. They have offered us support, guidance, and love. The people at Tiger have become more like our family. We are truly blessed to be a part of the Tiger family." Monik O. - "Both our son and daughter are in the jiu-jitsu classes at Tiger. They started in bitty Tigers and have really thrived in the fun and demanding atmosphere at Tiger. The owners treat you with respect and kindness always communicating everything important to parents. Enrolling in tiger martial arts was one of the most incredible and rewarding decisions we have made for our children. After seeing their success and how much fun they have had, I decided to join the adult jiu-jitsu classes myself." Kyle Kueterman - "Leo has participated in occupational therapy for several years and has explored every sport available to him, yet he still struggled with upper body strength, lacked confidence, and found little enjoyment in these activities. However, after just two months of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, his coaches have already observed notable progress. He is now able to perform techniques that were previously difficult for him, and he is showing increased cooperation and engagement." Beckah Sipes - "My son started BJJ a year and a half ago. I have seen so much improvement in his skill with martial arts as well as in his everyday life . It has taught him to have problem solving skills on and off the mat . I have also noticed a greater respect for others around his peers and those in authority over him . He has grown so much we will be doing BJJ for years to come. Marissa S. - "I’ve been training Jiu-Jitsu here since 2016, mainly to get myself out of my comfort zone while also doing something mentally and physically engaging. From my experience, this school offers more than just a class—they’ve cultivated a community that is always welcoming and friendly. The instructors will encourage you to better yourself, but won’t push you too hard if you don’t feel comfortable. The owners are some of the nicest, most caring people I’ve ever met; they truly care about their students and treat everyone like family. They’ve given me advice through difficult life events and have even helped out with home projects. If you want to learn something new while also building connections with a great group of people, this is the place to do it." Adam N. - “Tiger Our kids, ages 5 and 7, have been at Tiger for over a year now and it seems to be the only activity they consistently want to attend- from baseball and soccer to dance- Tiger is their happy place. It is no doubt due to the feeling that they are part of something special. Mrs. Tamara welcomes everyone by name and is great about helping new kids feel like this is a safe space. Each and every instructor brings their own style to the class- Mrs. Nana is sweet and encouraging, yet firm when teaching lessons, such as how to be a good winner and a good loser. Miss. Katie has a reserved gentleness that gives the younger kids a sense of calm. Master Mario is the perfect blend of fun and discipline- he often finds time to be silly, tossing kids in the air during a game, yet when he talks with his booming voice, the kids are quick to sit up straight and pay attention. It is evident that everyone in the Tiger community cares deeply and are invested in molding young people to be their best selves. At Tiger, it is more than just martial arts; it’s teaching values and life lessons.” Megan O. - Our family has two kids enrolled in Taekwondo at Tiger. They started in the BItty Tigers program and really enjoyed their teachers and their lessons. They then later evolved into the Little Tigers Taekwondo program. The kids look forward to their class at Tiger. It is engaging, dynamic, and teaches them discipline. I have enjoyed watching the kids and since then joined the ladies Balance class myself. Brittany G. - “When we first came to Tiger Martial Arts Fitness Academy for the taekwondo class for my grandson, I didn’t realize how much it would impact my life. I thought I was just coming to bring my grandson to learn and train, but it became so much more than that. From the very beginning, we felt welcomed. Not judged, not overlooked—just accepted for who we are. That meant a lot to me. Walking through those doors didn’t feel intimidating, it felt like stepping into a place where he could grow and be hisself. Tiger Martial Arts has taught him more than just techniques. It has taught him discipline, confidence, patience, and how to push hisself even when things get hard. There were moments when he doubted hisself, but the encouragement he received kept him going. Little by little, I started to see strength in him that I didn’t know he had. What really makes this place special to me is the people. The instructors truly care—they take their time, they pour into students, and they want to see you succeed and the other students? They become like family. We laugh together, learn together, and support each other through every step of the journey. It’s not just about training here. It’s about the experiences, the memories, the games, and the connections that are built. It’s about having a place where you feel safe, motivated, and inspired. Tiger Martial Arts Fitness Academy has become a second home for me and my grandson . It’s a place where I can grow, release stress in the balance class for women, build confidence, and be surrounded by positive energy. I’m truly grateful to be a part of something so meaningful. Most of all the owners make this place meaningful to this community.” June W & JaMarquis W-R. - “Both of our kids do taekwondo and absolutely love it. For parents we love how much our kids enjoy coming other their classes and practice at home! Tiger has become more than just a place for fitness it really has become more like family! I have recently started balanced ladies fitness and love the workouts! We are so grateful for Tiger for everything they offer, the friendships we’ve formed, and the warm welcome we got when we came into the Tiger family.” - “Joining Tiger has been one of the best decisions we have made as a family. My daughter joined Little Tigers when she turned 5. It looked like so much fun that I signed up the next year! The instructors at Tiger are knowledgeable, supportive, and meet each student where they are at.”
