---
source_url: https://sierramma.com/classes/
final_url: https://sierramma.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:34.866Z
---

## Sierra MMA’s Classes We offer a variety of classes within the realm of Mixed Martial Arts. We have classes for teens and adults as well as children. Below you’ll find a list of all the classes we teach at Sierra MMA.
 #### Mixed Martial Arts Jiu Jitsu
 Jiu Jitsu
 Mixed level Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Muay Thai
 Mixed Levels Muay Thai
 Sparring
 Heavy Bag Class
 ## Sierra MMA’s Adult Training Classes Our adult program is all about progress. Through hard work, focused training, involved coaching and our supportive atmosphere you will make progress. Whether it be to compete, lose some weight, get in better shape or develop friendships with positive people, you will make serious progress in those goals.
 MMA training is a way to improve your self-esteem, overall fitness and health, and sense of camaraderie.
 Together you’ll share common goals and a sense of community.
 1-week Free Trial!

 ## Sierra MMA’s Youth program We offer youth classes for three different age groups: 5-7 years old, 8-12 years old and 12-16 years old. Children 13 and up are always welcome to join our adult classes if they would like to attend.
 Why choose our youth program? Most parents search for the best possible opportunities to help their children reach their greatest potential.
 The parents of Sierra MMA have chosen our martial arts school because of our structured and disciplined environment.
 We give feedback to the children and parents when their children exhibit positive behaviors.
 Children develop physically and mentally, but more importantly, they gain confidence, learn self-control, and discipline; which we believe is priceless.
 1-week Free Trial!

 ## Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu We teach youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes five days a week. We separate youth classes in three groups starting at age five; 5-7 year olds, 8-12 year olds and 12-16 year olds.
 Your child will be engaged in intense physical exercise which has been found to increase focus in school, improve self esteem and make them stronger.
 We have found that, like adults, children can do far more than they realize. Through strenuous training in our positive and encouraging environment they learn that they are stronger, both physically and mentally, than they thought. They will learn to identify problems and find solutions under the stress of our safe and structured classes. Skill development and hard work under the watchful eyes of our coaches are two trademarks of our youth classes.
 ## Youth Muay Thai classes Similar to our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu youth classes, We offer specialized Muay Thai training as well. We offer multiple classes per week for the same age groups as Brazilian Jiu Jitsu: 5-7-year-olds and 8-12-year-olds.

 Ages 13 and above join our adult classes or can schedule a private Muay Thai session.
 ## Trial Program If our program is something you or your child is interested in, we invite you and yours to participate in our FREE trial program .
 The trial program allows you, the parent, to observe your child’s first interaction with our staff and the other children in our classes before enrolling.
 It also allows your child the wonderful opportunity of learning new life skills, healthy habits, and self-defense.
 Please Contact Us today and schedule your child’s first class.
 ## Class schedule At Sierra MMA we have classes Monday through Saturday, both mid morning and evening for adults and afternoons for youth. We invite you to come down during any of our adult classes and see the people, the atmosphere and ask any questions you may have. We think you’ll like it but we want you to see for yourself!
 If you would like to learn more about our adult classes, please contact us here or call 801-867- 200 0 .
