---
source_url: https://sierramma.com/jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://sierramma.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:35.461Z
---

## Sierra MMA’s Utah Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gym Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, also known as the gentle art, is truly a balance of leverage, angles, pressure, and timing- simply put, making it possible for a smaller person to submit a larger opponent. Having officially been announced as an Olympic sport, Jiu Jitsu is widely referenced as one of the best methods for street self-defense.
 ## Pedro Sierra Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Pedro is a third degree black belt in Jiu Jitsu and has been training since 1997. He also holds the rank of shodan (black belt) in judo and a black belt in Japanese karate. Pedro’s approach to Jiu jitsu is concept based. He enjoys teaching the overarching principles that permeate all of Jiu jitsu and then helping each student find and develop the techniques that best fit their style of fighting. Pedro is an active part of each student’s growth in the martial arts. He will push you and encourage you to best version of yourself.
 ### Q&A about Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with Pedro 1) When did you start training Jiu Jitsu
 I started training Jiu Jitsu in 1997 after watching the first UFCs on VHS tape. I thought I knew a little about fighting before seeing Royce Gracie dismantle people I thought were going to be far superior. The one that stood out most to me was Ron Van Clief. I studied karate obsessively and knew about Mr. Van Clief. I was sure THIS match was going to go differently for Mr. Gracie. My whole reality of fighting was changed that day. I actively sought out a Jiu Jitsu school soon after that.
 2) Why BJJ?
 I chose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu because of its effectiveness in unarmed combat. I had studied traditional martial arts for over a decade before finding Jiu Jitsu. While those arts did provide excellent workouts and some understanding of self defense, Jiu Jitsu gave me a better, more realistic look at surviving a violent encounter. And it was fun! The problem solving component was fascinating and frustrating at times but the challenge of overcoming my deficits far outweighed the temporary frustrations.
 3) How has it shaped/changed your life?
 Jiu jitsu has changed my life in so many ways. I believe I am better equipped to handle the stress of life because of it. Many of the principles of Jiu Jitsu: creating space, framing, creating a dominant angle, moving my self and not my opponent and many more were things I was, over time, to apply to the day to day challenges of life. Jiu Jitsu isn’t easy, but neither is life!
 I’m a little intimidated to live grapple. Do I have to start doing that right away? Being nervous is normal. We remember what that’s like and can help you gain confidence and skill. Our job is to help you. Live grappling, or “rolling,” isn’t required right off the bat. We will teach you movements, positions, and a few submissions before you roll. You’ll drill those until you have a good understanding of them and can do them comfortably.

 I’m not in shape. Do I have to get in shape before I can do Jiu Jitsu? Not at all! The best way to get in shape for Jiu Jitsu is to do Jiu Jitsu. Nothing really compares to a Jiu Jitsu workout. We will help you every step of the way.

 I’m a smaller person, can I be good at Jiu Jitsu? Absolutely! One of the best things about Jiu Jitsu is that you don’t have to be the stronger person to be effective. Strength and size always matter but technical skill doesn’t require you to be stronger than your partner. When you come to class you’ll see lots of smaller people that are very skilled.
