---
source_url: http://www.brmatucson.com
final_url: https://www.brmatucson.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:22.618Z
---

#### American Jujitsu | Sanda Kickboxing | Wushu Combatives

 Programs

 Why Brma?
 #### WHY TRAIN WITH US?

 EXPERIENCE
 ​ ​
 We are a small, local gym with over 20 years experience teaching martial arts in the Tucson community. At Boxer's Rebellion Martial Arts (BRMA) we take a direct, integrated approach to training—fusing cross-cultural martial influences into a unified method for both self-defense and martial sport.
 ​​
 We specialize in three core disciplines, each proven in real-world application and competitive arenas.
 ​ ​
 ​ ​
 ​ ​ ​
 PHILOSOPHY
 ​ ​ ​
 ​
 - The intersection of traditional and modern - Self-defense at any range - Pressure testing & sparring focus - Form to functional application - Emphasis on fitness & conditioning - A significant emphasis on team camaraderie, mutual support, and, most importantly, having fun as you learn and grow.
 ​ ​
 ​ ​
 ​ ​ ​
 HEALTH BENEFITS ​
 ​ ​
 ​
 - Improved overall fitness, including: Increased stamina, Greater flexibility, Faster reflexes, & Enhanced coordination - Learned self-discipline - Stress relief outlet - Boosted confidence & self-esteem - Improved focus & inner calm - Increased drive & goal setting
 ​
 ​
 ​

 PROGRAMS
 ​ ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​ ​ ​
 ​ American Jujitsu
 Distinct from Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, American Jujitsu—founded in the 1920s—shares the same roots, techniques, and principles as Jiu Jitsu ( just a different spelling of the same art ), but with two key differences: a focus on stand-up grappling and throwing. Designed to help you control the fight before it ever hits the ground, American Jujitsu emphasizes real-world effectiveness, blending the most powerful techniques from traditional Jujitsu, Judo, and Wrestling .
 ​ Fun Fact: Our Jujitsu lineage was the first in Tucson. The Holck family opened the city’s very first Jujitsu school back in 1962—a legacy we proudly continue today. Want to learn more? Check out our instructor pages. We are the original and our roots run deep.
 ​
 Sanda Kickboxing
 Sanda Kickboxing delivers powerful striking combined with practical wrestling-style throws, sweeps, and takedowns—giving you a complete stand-up game.

 It's the perfect complement to American Jujitsu.
 ​
 ​
 Wushu Combatives

 Practical and effective self-defense, both armed and unarmed . Rooted in Functional Chinese martial arts (Traditional Kung Fu) , you'll learn dynamic movement, and the effective use of traditional weapons like the straight sword (Jian), saber (Dao), spear (Qiang), staff (Gùn), and short stick, all adapted for modern self-defense, weapon combat and sport fencing applications. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​

 Schedule
 #### SCHEDULE OF CLASSES
 For teens and adults (11+), with younger students may be accepted on a case-by-case basis.

 MONDAY

 No Classes
 ​ ​

 TUESDAY

 6:00pm
 SANDA & JUJITSU ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​
 ​

 WEDNESDAY

 No Classes
 ​

 THURSDAY

 6:00pm
 SANDA & JUJITSU
 ​
 7:00pm

 WUSHU COMBATIVES

 FRIDAY

 5:00pm
 ​
 SANDA & JUJITSU
 WUSHU COMBATIVES
 OPEN MAT

 SATURDAY

 10am - 11am
 WUSHU COMBATIVES
 ​
 ​
 ​ ​
 ​ ​ ​
 ​

 # get a free trial class
 If you are looking for martial arts near me, come give Tucson's Boxer's Rebellion Martial Arts a try! We offer a free trial week for anyone looking to try our program. Whether you are looking for martial arts classes for self-defense, self-discipline, boosted confidence & self-esteem or looking for fun outlet to improve your fitness and compete in a new sport we have you covered.
 ​
 P.S. We promise no butt scooting or pulling guard. ​
 ​
 So what are you waiting for? Come join us on the mats!
 Martial Arts for teens and adults ages 12+

 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL
