---
source_url: http://kangsblackbeltacademy.com/
final_url: https://kangsblackbeltacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:01.663Z
---

# Reach your full potential with Kang’s Black Belt Academy! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more informationtoday to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Lil’ Dragons (Ages 3 – 5) Kids Martial Arts (Ages 6 – 14) Teen Martial Arts (Ages 14+) Adult Martial Arts Birthday Parties Summer Camp Black Belt Club -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Kang's Black Belt Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## WELCOME TO Kang's Black Belt Academy We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Kang’s Black Belt Academy, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 Lil’ Dragons (Ages 3 – 5)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Kids Martial Arts (Ages 6 – 14)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen Martial Arts (Ages 14+)
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Adult Martial Arts
 Martial arts classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 Birthday Parties
 Try something new this year with a martial arts-themed birthday party in a real martial arts school!
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Our martial arts summer camp provides fun and learning for kids of all ages.
 View Program

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Brad Letson Both of my children have been taking lessons here for nearly 5 years. The staff is incredible and have taught my children discipline and respect. I highly recommend Kangs.

 Claudia Grillo Great studio. Supportive and caring staff. My daughter loves it!

 Daniel Sullivan I've been at Kang's for almost a year now. It was my first step back into the world of taekwondo after a four year break, and I have thoroughly enjoyed the school. I've trained in taekwondo on and off for over forty years, and have been to my share of schools over the years, some good, some not so much. While I do hold a black belt, it is in a different style of taekwondo (KKW/WTF) than what Kang's teaches.
 Kang's has a good, healthy training environment, with a good number of very engaged black belt level students who have remained, and who do a lot to make new students feel welcome, and who serve as mentors to the colored belt students.
 Master Malakoff and his wife run an excellent program, and maintain a training environment that encourages each student to achieve and to excel. If you're in the Olney/Sandy Spring/Ashton area, and are looking for a good taekwondo school, look no further; you've found it at Kang's.

 Julie Belgard Been coming here for 18 years and now all my kids now train. What a wonderful way for the family to spend time together and get a great workout. Can’t recommend it highly enough!

 Melissa Riolo I️ am so grateful to Kang’s Black Belt Academy. Master Mark & Ms. Mary Ann came to a blood drive that I️ coordinated, setting up a fun obstacle course and sharing valuable life lessons. The kids, & parents loved it! I’ve never seen that many kids hyped up on sugar/cookies, sit that still for a story!
 If you have yet to check out their program, PLEASE give them a call, they are absolutely the best.

 Michael Guimond My daughter always looks forward to her Kids Tiger class, it has really helped her to build confidence in herself. The instructors are good with the kids particularly Mr. Page. He engages the them in such a way that they are learning and having fun.

 Michele Poor Proctor I loved being around the Kang's Kroud so much with my daughter, I decided to join! Been training a year now the the Lovely Pink Ninjas! Come out and give it a try! Best people ever! Something for everyone at any age!

 Whitney Davis Arroyave Kangs is a fantastic place. We have been training here for over 3 years. The instructors are amazing. I highly recommend Kang’s for martial arts!

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 VIEW OUR ADULT MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM
