---
source_url: https://goldbartrainingcenter.com/classes/
final_url: https://goldbartrainingcenter.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:56:55.452Z
---

# OUR CLASSES

 At Gold Bar Training Center, our classes are designed to uplift, empower, and inspire, creating a community where everyone supports each other. Our experienced trainers provide personalized attention to ensure your growth and success, no matter where you’re starting from.

 ## JIU JITSU GI FUNDAMENTALS

 Come join us for our fundamentals classes to cover the basics of jiu jitsu. Classes are bright and early at Monday, and Friday at 5:00 am & 11:00 am! Also Tuesday & Thursday at 6:15 pm. Click below for more information!

 LEARN MORE

 ## JIU JITSU GI FUNDAMENTALS & TECH

 Our fundamentals and tech ensures our students have a strong base in their technique and allows them to apply what they learn. Classes are Monday and Friday at 11:00 am, and Tuesday and Thursday at 6:15 pm. Learn more about this class by clicking below!

 LEARN MORE

 ## KIDS GI JIU JITSU FUNDAMENTALS

 Our kids classes are a great way for both younger and older kids to learn a life changing skill and build strong relationships. Our kids classes are Tuesday and Thursday at 5:00pm. Click the button to learn more!

 LEARN MORE

 ## NO GI FUNDAMENTALS

 Come in for a great workout while learning grappling for any level of practitioner. No-gi classes are Wednesday at 6:15 pm. Click below to learn more!

 LEARN MORE

 ## KICKBOXING FUNDAMENTALS

 Kickboxing is a great cardio workout with real life applications. Our fundamentals class helps you learn the basics and build a strong foundation. Kickboxing fundamentals classes are Monday at 5:00 pm. Click the button for more information!

 LEARN MORE

 ## KICKBOXING

 Our kickboxing classes are perfect for those who have a good foundation, and want to take their skills to the next level. These kickboxing classes are Monday at 10:00 am, Wednesday at 5:00 pm, and Saturday at 8:00 am. Click below for more information on these classes!

 LEARN MORE

 ## WRESTLING

 Refine your jiu jitsu or just enhance your game with our wrestling classes. You can join us for these classes on Monday at 6:15 pm. Click the button for more information!

 LEARN MORE

 Interested in our classes?
 Let us know what class you want to join, and come in for a FREE first class to try it out!

 START YOUR FREE CLASS
