---
source_url: https://goldbartrainingcenter.com/jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://goldbartrainingcenter.com/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:56:55.778Z
---

# JIU JITSU CLASSES

 ## GOLD BAR TRAINING CENTER GI JIU JITSU FUNDAMENTALS

 STARTING WITH A STRONG FOUNDATION!
 Our Fundamentals Gi Jiu Jitsu class is the perfect starting point for those new to the art of jiu jitsu or looking to solidify their foundational skills.

 PERSONALIZED ONE-ON-ONE GUIDANCE!
 Each class begins with a structured technical warm-up, and drilling. Following the warm-up, students are introduced to new techniques, broken down step-by-step for their understanding.

 FINDING SUCCESS IN ANY GOAL!
 Whether you’re seeking self-defense skills, improved fitness, or a deeper understanding of gi jiu jitsu, this class offers a supportive and detail-oriented environment to help you succeed.

 ## ADVANCED GI JIU JITSU

 STARTING WITH A STRONG FOUNDATION!
 Take your training to the next level in our Advanced Gi Jiu Jitsu class, taught by world champion professors and competition-tested upper belts.

 PERSONALIZED ONE-ON-ONE GUIDANCE!
 This class is designed for experienced practitioners looking to refine their technique, strategy, and adaptability in high-pressure situations. Sessions focus on advanced guard work, transitions, submissions, and positional strategies, with an emphasis on application in both sparring and competition. Students will engage in dynamic drilling, situational sparring, and live rolling to test and sharpen their skills.

 FINDING SUCCESS IN ANY GOAL!
 Whether you’re preparing for tournaments or seeking to elevate your game, this class provides elite-level instruction and a challenging yet supportive training environment.

 GET STARTED TODAY!
