---
source_url: https://goldbartrainingcenter.com
final_url: https://goldbartrainingcenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:56:56.763Z
---

# Join a transformative community. learn Jiu Jitsu in Rapid City, SD.

 ## At Gold Bar Training Center, we build confidence and help you get in great shape. Our expert instructors will guide you through our programs of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, No-Gi Jiu Jitsu, Kids Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, and Wrestling.

 Sign up for your free class

 ## GOLD BAR TRAINING CENTER

 Whether you’re looking to shed weight, learn self-defense, or improve your fitness, our community is here to help you succeed.
 Our outstanding facility, skilled instructors, and close-knit community ensure that you reach new heights.
 Whatever your goals are, Gold Bar Training Center creates an uplifting atmosphere to help you achieve them.

 Sign up for your free class

 ## OUR CLASSES

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 We believe Jiu Jitsu is for everyone. Whether you are a beginner or advanced practitioner, Gold Bar Training Center ensures you’ll learn and grow towards your goals. NO-GI JIU JITSU

 Sharpen your technique, speed, and adaptability while developing skills to enhance your grappling game, building a well-rounded foundation for self-defense and competition. KIDS JIU JITSU

 Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program instills discipline, confidence, and teamwork in a fun and supportive environment. We empower young learners to grow stronger physically and mentally while developing valuable life skills. KICKBOXING

 Enjoy a dynamic workout that keeps you motivated by combining high-energy fitness with effective self-defense while boosting your endurance, strength, and coordination. WRESTLING

 Push beyond your limits by blending techniques from multiple disciplines. You’ll build versatility and resilience while getting an amazing conditioning workout.

 sign up for your free class

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 We have over 100 five star Google reviews from our members.

 “Incredible BJJ gym with top-notch coaches, an awesome vibe, and next-level training. Whether you have zero experience or are an advanced black belt, this is the place to be. Build your skillset, confidence, and level up! Great family environment too–my kids love it!”
 -Donnie Joseph

 “If you want a great group of folks who will make everyone feel like family this is the place for you! My absolute favorite place to train. World class instructors, fun at every class, and they support First Responders and Veterans which is a plus! “It’s the people not the place”. My wife and I love it and recommend it 10/10!”
 -Tyler Tesch

 “Gold Bar Training Center is hands down the best place to train, whether you’re just starting out or looking to take your skills to the next level. The atmosphere is incredibly welcoming and family-friendly, making it a great environment for both kids and adults. One thing that really sets Gold Bar apart is the sense of community. They’re friendly, transparent, and dedicated to helping you succeed in every way possible. It’s clear that Gold Bar was built with the community in mind, not just for profit.”
 -Lee Dizz

 ## SCHEDULE

 sign up for your free class

 ## FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

 How likely am I to get injured learning jiu jitsu? Do I need to be in shape to start training? What if I don't have all the gear I'll need? How much is it going to cost?
 At Gold Bar we understand everyone has jobs and lives to live outside of the gym. We have created a community that cares about one another and takes care of each other.

 Absolutely not! We have people of all ages and shapes at Gold Bar when they start. Come as you are and we will meet you there and help you reach your goals.

 We have tons of loaner gear to fit all your training needs during your free trial period.

 We have different membership types to fit everyone’s training goals. We also offer first responder and military discounts. We try to keep our memberships affordable for everyone. Contact us via phone or our contact form and let us know your training needs and we can get you a price.

 Questions? Reach out to us today!

 Name * First
 Last

 Email *
 Number plan on
 Phone Number *
 What class do you plan on attending? - Jiu Jitsu - No-Gi Jiu Jitsu - Kids Jiu Jitsu - Kickboxing - Wrestling

 Comment or Message

 Submit
