---
source_url: https://lp.roneyedlerbrazilianjiujitsu.com/?utm_source=Google+&utm_medium=my-business
final_url: https://lp.roneyedlerbrazilianjiujitsu.com/?utm_source=Google+&utm_medium=my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:45.744Z
---

## Transform Your Life Through Jiu-Jitsu in Topeka, Kansas

 At Roney Edler BJJ, we teach more than self-defense. You’ll build confidence, discipline, and lifelong friendships on and off the mats.

 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Classes

 ## Our Programs

 ## BEGINNER BJJ

 Learn the basics in a friendly, beginner-focused class. No experience needed.

 ## ADVANCED

 Take your game to the next level with technical training and tough rolls led by Professor Roney.

 ## KIDS

 Fun, structured classes that teach focus, discipline and confidence for Little Samurai and Warriors.

 ## NO GI

 Fast-paced grappling without the gi. Improve your control, speed, and submissions in a dynamic class for all levels.

 Trial Class

 BENEFITS

 ## Is Jiu Jitsu all about fighting?

 ## SELF- CONFIDENCE

 ## Self-defense

 ## Less stress

 schedule

 ## roney edler bjj schedule

 ## monday

 - 6:00 AM — Advanced BJJ - 7:10 AM — Fundamentals 1 - 5:00 PM — Little Samurai (Kids 4–6) - 5:00 PM — Warriors (Kids 7–11) - Group 1 - 6:00 PM — Fundamentals 3 - 7:10 PM — Advanced BJJ

 ## TUESDAY

 - 6:00 AM — NoGi - 7:10 AM — Fundamentals 2 - 5:00 PM — Little Samurai (Kids 4–6) Group 2 - 5:00 PM — Warriors (Kids 7–11) - Group 2 - 6:00 PM — Fundamentals 4 - 6:00 PM — NoGi - 7:10 PM — Advanced BJJ

 ## WEDNESDAY

 - 6:00 AM — Advanced BJJ - 7:10 AM — Fundamentals 1 - 5:00 PM — Little Samurai (Kids 4–6) Group 1 - 5:00 PM — Warriors (Kids 7–11) - Group 1 - 6:00 PM — Fundamentals 3 - 7:10 PM — Advanced BJJ

 ## THURSDAY

 - 6:00 AM — Advanced BJJ - 7:10 AM — Fundamentals 2 - 5:00 PM — Little Samurai (Kids 4–6) Group 2 - 5:00 PM — Warriors (Kids 7–11) - Group 2 - 6:00 PM — Fundamentals 4 - 6:00 PM — NoGi - 7:10 PM — Competition BJJ

 ## SATURDAY

 - 10:00 AM — Open Class - 11:00 PM — Open Mat

 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## Special Offer for those who serve!

 As a token of appreciation for your service, we’re offering an exclusive discount to all U.S. citizens who serve our communities. Join our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu family and experience world-class training at a special rate. Whether you’re looking to build strength, learn self-defense, or improve your fitness, we welcome you to train with us.

 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## head coach

 ## roney edler

 Roney Edler is a second-degree black belt with over 30 years of mat experience and absolutely no time for watered-down Jiu-Jitsu. He’s the founder of Sertão Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and the mastermind behind training world champions straight out of Brazil.His journey started in 1994, deep in the roots of real Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, where he built his name by competing and coaching in some of the country’s most respected gyms. In 2021, he brought that legacy to the U.S. with one clear mission: to share authentic Jiu-Jitsu built on pressure, structure, and results.Today, he leads our classes in Topeka with a no-fluff, high-impact teaching style that’s disciplined, focused, and tailored to help each student grow, no matter their age or experience level. Whether you’re looking to build unshakable confidence, level up your fitness, or learn real self-defense, training with Roney isn’t just about technique. It’s about unlocking the mindset, discipline, and resilience that change your life on and off the mat.

 FAQ

 ## Frequently Asked questions

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 - info@roneyedlerbrazilianjiujitsu.com - 785-783-4200 - 5711 SW 21st Topeka, KS, 66604

 Facebook Instagram
