---
source_url: http://www.oahubjj.com/programs
final_url: https://www.oahubjj.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:12.906Z
---

## CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## KIDS PROGRAM

 MONDAY & WEDNESDAY 5PM, SATURDAY 10:15AM YOUTH CLASSES (ages 5-12)

 Physical activity is vital for healthy development in youth and adolescents. We believe that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu serves as a great tool to grow your child’s fitness, motor skills, persistence, and confidence, while learning valuable self-defense skills.
 Our Honolulu based kids martial arts program follows a progressive curriculum, which will ensure proper advancement through the art, and is designed to both challenge and encourage growth in your child’s physical and mental abilities. Although we do not push competition on anyone, we encourage them if an individual shows interest and our classes have a strong emphasis on preparing them for competition readiness should they decide to compete. As a result, this serves to also provide effective and realistic training methods to develop real world self defense skills.

 #### BENEFITS OF JIU-JITSU #### FOR YOUTH & ADOLESCENTS

 - WORK ON BUILDING SELF CONFIDENCE - DEVELOP MOTOR SKILLS, STRENGTH, AND AGILITY - BUILD TEAMWORK, DISCIPLINE, AND SOCIAL SKILLS - LEARN A PHYSICALLY CHALLENGING SPORT AND MARTIAL ART

 #### BEGINNERS/INTRO TO BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU PROGRAM FRIDAY 6PM, SATURDAY 9AM (open to ages 12 and up)
 This class is perfect for those without experience and runs on a curriculum but is designed so an individual can join at any time. Students will learn the basic techniques and positions that become the building blocks of an efficient, well-rounded Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu game. The focus will be on fundamental body movements, positions, and technique to build a solid foundation to learn and enjoy the martial art and sport of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. This program is designed to be fun, simple, and effective.

 #### FUNDAMENTALS PROGRAM MONDAY, WEDNESDAY 6PM (open to ages 12 and up)
 TUESDAY, THURSDAY 12PM & 5:15PM
 The core class of our programs, this class is planned to be friendly and reasonably challenging to those new to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu but still stimulating to those with experience. In this class, students will learn the basic techniques and positions that become the building blocks of an efficient, well-rounded Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu game. The focus will be on drills, technique, and situation training that in addition to building a solid foundation, improve students’ functional strength and cardiovascular fitness.

 #### ADVANCED CLASSES MON, WED 7pm

 This class expands on the fundamentals with more advanced techniques, positions, and theory. This class is open to all experience levels, but moves at a faster pace than the fundamentals class. Intense drilling, live training, and competition preparation are all practiced in the mixed levels class
