---
source_url: http://www.oahubjj.com
final_url: https://www.oahubjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:13.730Z
---

#

 WHAT WE OFFER
 WHAT WE OFFER

 #### PROGRAMS

 About Us
 About Us

 ### Frequently Asked Questions

 - Why train in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is martial art and sport that emphasizes technique, leverage, and safe training techniques that allow you to train for life. Many altercations and self defense scenarios will end up in close contact or on the ground-BJJ training prepares you for this reality. Whether you are training for fun, exercise, or competition, Jiu-jitsu will build your health, cardio, and confidence no matter your age and goals. - Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu safe? Yes! We prioritize safety in all of our sessions. Our structured curriculum ensures control and progression, especially for our beginners. We strive to maintain a safe and supportive environment for everyone to learn, regardless of your experience level. You will NOT walk into an environment where you are thrown to wolves or any type of fight club setting - Do I have to enter competitions? Not at all! Although competition is encouraged if someone shows interest, it is never required! Everyone gets into training for their own reason and training can go as far as you’d like to take it. Many people get into BJJ for fun, fitness, self defense, or just to try something new. We often have those who initially have no desire to compete but eventually show interest in competing, and we do our best to support and prepare our students to compete. - What if I'm a total beginner with no experience? Don’t worry, we will schedule you into a class that is appropriate for your level and ability. During all of our classes, we accommodate many different paces and styles of learning for everyone. Our adults classes have students ranging from ages 14-65! - What if I have no uniform? For our beginner classes, a gi (BJJ uniform) is recommended but not required. It is okay to start off without one and pick one up at a later period. You can buy your own or from us we also sell our academy uniforms at an affordable price point! We have no mandatory gi requirements, we just ask that the gi (uniform) to be clean and washed after every session - Is it okay to bring a friend? Of course! we understand that starting any new activity or setting foot in a new environment can always feel scary or intimidating and having a friend come along makes everything easier and more fun.Just send us an email/text when you confirm your appointment for your first class so we can best accommodate everyone.

 ## SCHEDULE

 ## LOCATION

 560 N. Nimitz Hwy Suite 112A
 Honolulu HI 96817
