---
source_url: http://www.foundationsbjj.com/shop/youth-heavy-blend-hoodie
final_url: http://www.foundationsbjj.com/shop/youth-heavy-blend-hoodie
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:47.600Z
---

←
 Back to Shop
 # Youth heavy blend hoodie # Youth heavy blend hoodie $35.00
 Experience ultimate comfort and durability with the youth heavy blend hoodie. Ideal for active children, this hoodie, crafted from breathable cotton and tough polyester, is designed to resist wear and frequent washing. Featuring minimal pilling fleece and a handy front pouch pocket, it’s a reliable addition to any child’s wardrobe. No drawcords ensure safety. Upgrade your child’s comfort today!

 • 50% cotton, 50% polyester, 20 singles
 • Fabric weight: 8 oz./yd² (271.25 g/m²)
 • 2-end midweight fleece fabric
 • 1 x 1 rib with spandex at cuffs and hem for enhanced stretch and recovery
 • Air jet yarn for a softer feel and reduced pilling
 • Front pouch pocket
 • Double-lined hood
 • No drawcords for child safety
 • Double-needle stitching detailing at shoulders, armholes, neck, waistband and cuffs
 • Blank product sourced from Honduras

 Disclaimer: Due to the fabric properties, the White color variant may appear off-white rather than bright white.

 This product is made especially for you as soon as you place an order, which is why it takes us a bit longer to deliver it to you. Making products on demand instead of in bulk helps reduce overproduction, so thank you for making thoughtful purchasing decisions!
 Color:
 Select Color Black Royal Carolina Blue Light Pink
 Black Royal Carolina Blue Light Pink

 Size:
 Select Size XS S M L XL
 XS S M L XL

 Quantity:

 Add To Cart
