---
source_url: http://www.foundationsbjj.com
final_url: http://www.foundationsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:47.876Z
---

# Foundations JIU JITSU

 Foundations is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Madison, Wisconsin.

 # About Foundations Welcome to Foundations Jiu Jitsu. At Foundations, we are committed to providing high quality Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction in a welcoming, laid-back, yet challenging training environment. Foundations was started in 2015 as a volunteer run organization in the Neighborhood House Community Center. The aim since the beginning has been to make Jiu Jitsu accessible to anyone.
 Our fees are straightforward and all inclusive. There are no contracts. There are no required academy or affiliation uniforms. There are no testing or promotion fees. Promotions will be based on improvement and results on the mat.
 We recognize that people choose to train martial arts for a variety of reasons, and support our students in whatever their goals may be. Foundations is honored to represent Chris and Melissa Haueter’s Combat Base Jiu Jitsu.
 We are firmly against pressure sales and offer a flexible free trial policy to help you decide if we’re the right fit for you. Rather than limiting to a set number of classes, we encourage you to just keep coming for a few weeks, trying several classes, before making your decision. Hope to see you on the mats.

 # location

 600 Williamson Street, Ste Q
 Madison, WI

 # schedule Keep an eye here for pop up classes, special events and cancellations

 # Membership and rates Foundations has transparent pricing, with no contracts. You are able to sign up for a trial or drop in account on your own. If you ever wish to freeze for a month or more, or cancel outright, just let us know
 ### WAIVER If you are just trying us out, please fill out this form and waiver , which will create an account for you in GymDesk, so we can keep the waiver on file. You will not be charged, and you don’t need to purchase a drop-in to try us out. If you are under 18, the waiver must be signed by a parent or guardian
 ### Membership - NO CONTRACTS - $125/Month FOR ADULTS - DISCOUNTED RATE OF $100/MONTH FOR COLLEGE STUDENTS - $90/Month for Youth (6-14) Foundations membership is managed via Gymdesk.
 *Please note that in order to become a paid member, you will need to add a payment method in GymDesk, and add a membership. You will need to contact us for any discounted or combined rates, including the student rate. Discounts do not stack . The student rate supersedes combined membership or a household discount, for example.
 Create a new Gymdesk account
 Login with an existing Gymdesk account
 ### Drop-ins ($25) Drop ins can be purchased here - note that if this is your first visit, you’ll need to sign a waiver
 ### HOUSEHOLD DISCOUNTS Additional members in the same household receive a $15 discount in their rate after the first full price membership
 ### YOUTH AND FAMILY CLASSES Foundations Youth and Family program allows parents to be on the mats with their children, if they like. 6 and 7 year olds are welcome, but must be on the mat with a parent. Our program is led by a SafeSport certified and state licensed Juvenile Martial Arts Instructor
 ### Combined Memberships With Madison Judo We are pleased to be able to offer combined memberships to Madison Judo ($80/Month) for $165/Month. In order to do this, you will need to start memberships with both programs, and will be billed a discounted amount from each separately. This offer is not eligible to combine with other discounts or student rates.

 ### FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS - I’ve never done Jiu Jitsu before. What do I need to do to get started?Friday and Sunday Fundamentals are an ideal way to get started, but if that doesn’t work for you, you are welcome to come to any class on the schedule that does, outside of the Sunday Open Mat which does not contain technical instruction. - Do I need a Gi to start?No - we have loaners, and can work around it if we are out. When it comes time to get a Gi should you decide to continue, we can order one for you from Flow Kimonos or Gold BJJ at a discount from MSRP or recommend several options if you’d prefer something different. We have no restrictions on brand or color. - Are Fundamentals classes Gi or NoGi?We can make do without a Gi or loan you one if we have loaners available, but please plan to bring one if you have one - What is your trial policy?We don’t believe in limiting trials to a one-size-fits-all number of classes. We want to make sure that you feel comfortable with our vibe, and find value in our instruction before you make a commitment. Just come and check us out. If you continue to come for a while, we’ll check in with you to see if you’re interested in joining as a full member or would prefer to do drop-ins. - Do you have a shower?Yes - there is a shower on site, with body wash and shampoo available, but we ask that you bring your own towel - Do I need to know anything else?We have a bottle dispenser, but no water fountain, so please bring a water bottle. We also ask that you please review our community guidelines here

 # instructors Black Belts
 Arun Subramanian
 Matt Marty
 Mike Velotta
 Brown Belts
 Blake Beavers (Competition Coach)
 Alice Ogden-Nussbaum
 Scott Westler
 Jordan Ryder
 Youth Instruction
 Chris Watermolen

 ### Parking Information Parking is available in the front of the building, but is limited. After 5pm and on weekends, the back parking lot of the building is open to the public. 2 MG&E lots within about a block that are also free after 6pm and on weekends. We recommend using these lots during the times they are available.
 You will be able to enter from the back lot or the front lot, but for the security of those with whom we share the front hallway, its outer door will require a security code. We'll be propping that door open before and for the first several minutes of any given class. If you are visiting for the first time and don’t have that code, you’ll want to enter through the back lot. The back and MG&E parking areas are shaded red on this map.
