---
source_url: https://nativejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://nativejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:22.958Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Rockville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Native Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Train Your Body and Mind with Adult Jiu Jitsu At Native Jiu Jitsu, we believe that high-quality Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training delivers on multiple levels. First and foremost, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will get you in the best shape of your life. By combining the finesse and discipline of a traditional martial arts technique with the power and demand of a modern contact sport, Jiu Jitsu offers you a full-body workout. In our classes you'll:
 - Burn Fat and Tone Muscle - Develop Balance and Body Control - Increase your Strength and Stamina
 This all happens in a fun, energetic atmosphere led by world-class instructors who will help you reach your full potential.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 #### The Benefits of Adult Jiu Jitsu Aren't Just Physical Even if all we offered was physical training, we'd still be the best gym in Rockville, North Bethesda, or @ThirdTarget Area. But, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program offers more than just an alternative to a traditional fitness center. Through the practice of Jiu Jitsu, you are always developing skills that will help you succeed at home and the office as well. Focus, discipline, goal-setting, and community are at the heart of any martial arts practice, and at Native Jiu Jitsu, we take those values seriously.
 #### We Have Adult Jiu Jitsu Classes For You, No Matter Your Skill Level Our programming offers both beginning and advanced Jiu Jitsu tracks. So, whether you are stepping into your first class or are a veteran of martial arts training looking for a new challenge, we have instructors that will help you to take the next step on your Jiu Jitsu journey. And, because we offer both tiers of training under one roof, our programming is ready to grow with you, always here to inspire and motivate you to get stronger, faster, and more seamless in your execution of technique.
 #### Native Jiu Jitsu is Here to Help You Fulfill Your Potential Imagine being in the best physical shape of your life. Imagine waking up better rested, with more energy throughout the day, and possessing the discipline to accomplish everything on your plate. Imagine the confidence you'll gain from setting goals and working hard until you achieve them. Imagine the peace of mind that will come from knowing that you could defend yourself or your loved ones in a dangerous situation. Now stop imagining, and make it a reality with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Take the first step by filling out the form on your screen.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Challenge Your Limits with Native Jiu Jitsu In Rockville! Request information

 “We train like a Family! We fight like a Team!
 The slogan already says a lot about the environment! Much more than a gym, it's about being family. An expansion of our Brazilianness here in America! Here there are regular classes for adults, children and, now, a class only for women. Here there are quality seminars with today's champions and, now, Kids tournament. My son and I feel very comfortable at NATIVE.

 They train like a family and fight like a team! NATIVE is great, the best BJJ gym

 I had the privilege of competing against Felipe in the blue belt division at PBJJF this weekend and the skill that man possessed was awesome. You should be proud of the athlete you produced. Looking forward to stopping in one day.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
