---
source_url: https://nativejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://nativejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:23.138Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Rockville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Native Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes At Native Jiu Jitsu, we get it. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a close-combat style that can be uncomfortable in mixed company or if you're just getting started.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across Rockville and North Bethesda a chance to train with confidence in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes. Build your skills one step at a time a get in a great workout that will help you see incredible results.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get more information now!

 #### What's Include in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know.
 Our Women's classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 Join us in Rockville and learn:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position
 #### And Unlike at your Big Box Gym, Our Workouts are Never Dull and Boring Think about it. At most gyms, you do the same thing over and over. Maybe you rotate three workouts each week. Maybe you just waste away on the treadmill.
 Either way, you're not challenging your body and you're certainly not keeping your mind motivated.
 But with our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes, no two workouts are the same. Each week, we're challenging you with a new skill or situation. And you're constantly pushing yourself to be faster, stronger, and more efficient than you were last class.
 At Native Jiu Jitsu, you can work harder than ever before without even realizing how much your body is getting out of each class.
 In no time, you'll enjoy:
 - Sustainable fat burn and improved heart health - Lean muscle gains and total-body strength - Improved speed, mobility, and athleticism - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 #### Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have Something for Everyone in Rockville and North Bethesda! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Native Jiu Jitsu and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across Rockville and North Bethesda.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get more information now!

 ## Challenge Your Limits with Native Jiu Jitsu In Rockville! Request information

 “We train like a Family! We fight like a Team!
 The slogan already says a lot about the environment! Much more than a gym, it's about being family. An expansion of our Brazilianness here in America! Here there are regular classes for adults, children and, now, a class only for women. Here there are quality seminars with today's champions and, now, Kids tournament. My son and I feel very comfortable at NATIVE.

 They train like a family and fight like a team! NATIVE is great, the best BJJ gym

 I had the privilege of competing against Felipe in the blue belt division at PBJJF this weekend and the skill that man possessed was awesome. You should be proud of the athlete you produced. Looking forward to stopping in one day.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
