---
source_url: https://nativejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://nativejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:23.322Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Rockville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Native Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Help Your Child Build Confidence And Strength In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Prepare your child for any challenge life throws their way with our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Rockville. Focusing specifically on the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, these traditional Gi classes build students of all ages up through positive reinforcement and exciting classes that are always changing.
 At Native Jiu Jitsu, we are committed to helping children of all backgrounds and abilities learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do.
 Get more information now!

 #### Your Child Can Master Every Aspect Of BJJ In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches students to overcome an opponent's size and strength by establishing superior technique and leverage.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Rockville will teach your child all the basics of BJJ in a safe and secure environment, helping them progress through the system with a series of accomplishments and celebrations.
 Your child will quickly learn how to face down a bully with effective conflict resolution strategies - avoiding physical interactions at all costs. But when it's unavoidable, your child will also be prepared to defend themselves and their friends.
 In our exciting Kids Martial Arts classes, we help children build:
 - Strength and coordination - Improved athleticism - Speed, agility, and flexibility - Complete confidence in themselves and their skillset
 Our Kids BJJ classes have three different age groups, so you can rest assured that your kid will practice with their peers. We offer Little Kids classes for ages 3 to 7, Big Kids classes for ages 8 to 12, and Teen classes for ages 13 to 15 !
 #### PLUS Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Rockville Offer Life Skills That Will Serve Your Child For Years To Come Whether your child goes on to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a professional athlete, they'll need a core set of character traits to serve them along the way. At Native Jiu Jitsu, we're making those skills easier and more exciting to learn than ever.
 Our Kids Martial Arts instructors are dedicated to making each and every class fun, keeping our students motivated from start to finish. And with the help of fundamental BJJ instruction, we help children take pride in the learning process and find the strategies that work best for them.
 In no time, your child can develop:
 - Respect for others - Communication and teamwork skills - Focus and attention to detail - Perseverance and determination - And an unwavering sense of accomplishment
 #### Get Started Today Or Learn More About The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Rockville Don't let your child struggle to find their footing. At Native Jiu Jitsu, we are here to help students of all ages and abilities take pride in what they do and develop vital self-defense skill along the way. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are helping young students develop all the tools they need to succeed. Your child could be next.
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes, all you have to do is fill out the short form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Challenge Your Limits with Native Jiu Jitsu In Rockville! Request information

 “We train like a Family! We fight like a Team!
 The slogan already says a lot about the environment! Much more than a gym, it's about being family. An expansion of our Brazilianness here in America! Here there are regular classes for adults, children and, now, a class only for women. Here there are quality seminars with today's champions and, now, Kids tournament. My son and I feel very comfortable at NATIVE.

 They train like a family and fight like a team! NATIVE is great, the best BJJ gym

 I had the privilege of competing against Felipe in the blue belt division at PBJJF this weekend and the skill that man possessed was awesome. You should be proud of the athlete you produced. Looking forward to stopping in one day.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
