---
source_url: http://sdjudo.com
final_url: https://sdjudo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:31.009Z
---

# Unleash Your Potential at San Diego Judo & Jiu Jitsu

 ## Discover the power of Judo and Jiu-Jitsu training at San Diego's premier martial arts studio.

 ##### What Time Do Classes Start?

 ##### Who Is Teaching The Class?

 ##### Where Do I Sign Up To Get A FREE Lesson?

 ##### What Type Of Classes Are Available?

 ##### What Is The Difference Between Judo and Jiu Jitsu?

 Welcome to San Diego Judo & Jiu Jitsu, where we are dedicated to providing a comprehensive and supportive environment for martial arts training. Our team of seasoned and certified instructors brings a wealth of expertise to guide practitioners at every level through a transformative journey of skill development, fitness, and camaraderie. Join us in the pursuit of excellence as we help you unleash your full potential in the realm of martial arts.

 Benefits:
 Confidence boost, enhanced focus, practical self-defense skills, respect for others and oneself, discipline, and character development are all outcomes or advantages that individuals can gain from participating in martial arts training. These are the positive impacts on a person's life .

 Features:
 Safety-first approach, experienced instructors, structured programs, practical self-defense techniques, respect cultivation, and character development lessons are the attributes or characteristics of the martial arts training program. These are the specific aspects or components that contribute to the overall benefits.

 #### Explore Features and Enjoy the Countless Benefits

 ### "Why San Diego Judo & Jiu Jitsu?"

 ### Visit Us

 ###### Address

 12265 Scripps Poway Parkway Suite 110 Poway, California 92064

 ### In Association With

 Email address
 SUBSCRIBE

 info@sdjudo.com

 ### Stay Up to Date With Us

 Copyright © 2024 sdjudo.com & Unique Technique Studios

 ##### (619) 786-2820

 12265 Scripps Poway Parkway Suite 110, Poway, CA 92064

 ### Contact Us

 ### Privacy Policy

 ### FAQ

 ### Schedule

 ### News

 ### Our Programs

 ### Terms and Conditions
