---
source_url: https://bayoujiujitsu.us/jiu-jitsu-baton-rouge.html
final_url: https://bayoujiujitsu.us/jiu-jitsu-baton-rouge.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:50.829Z
---

## Baton Rouge Academy Bayou Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense

 - home - BJJ Baton Rouge

 Bayou Jiu Jitsu & Self Defense
 # Jiu Jitsu Baton Rouge LA
 A friendly martial arts academy with expert instructors. We have classes for all ages and experience levels.
 We are the top martial arts academy in Baton Rouge. We have a family-friendly environment with expert martial arts instructors . This is the place where you can develop martial arts and self defense skills and enjoy every minute.
 Classes for Beginners to Advanced Students Expert teachers that fit lessons to meet your skill level. Self-paced classes and open-mat times to learn martial arts. Use a link below to explore our core classes. Are you curious about trying? Contact us to arrange one FREE Class* (*not a free private lesson)

 - Adult Classes - Kids Classes - Self Defense Classes

 BJJ Classes For
 #### ADULT JIU JITSU Adults train with a multiple-time IBJJF champion Black Belt. Adults to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA, Judo, Wrestling, Self-Defense, and more!

 BJJ Classes For
 #### KIDS JIU JITSU Our kids program (4-7 and 8-12 years old) is the place kids learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Judo, Wrestling, Self-Defense, and practical Bully Prevention!

 BJJ Classes For
 #### SELF DEFENSE We’re going to teach you practical self-defense instruction that works in the real world. Self-Defense will become second nature to you.

 ### Baton Rouge

 X
 ## Bayou Jiu Jitsu Bayou Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense, with locations in Baton Rouge and Central, offers classes for people of all ages and experience levels. Our expert instructors provide group instruction with individual attention to help students advance quicker.
 Contact Us!
 ## Contact Info - 225-505-8500 - 225-505-8500 - Email Us - Week Days: 09.00 to 18.00 Sunday: Closed

 - - -
