---
source_url: http://www.tbtgym.com/classes/
final_url: https://tbtgym.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:05.008Z
---

# Classes Classes

 ## Fitness training that guarantees optimal results

 ## After-school Program Parents! Could you use 2-4 available kids’ FREE hours after your children get off school? How much could you get done if you didn’t have to worry about picking up the little ones from school or wasting time at the school line?

 ### Benefits: - Academic support - Skill development - Safe environment - Enhance students’ academic performance - Opportunities for socialization - Structured activities that promote creativity and physical fitness

 Learn More

 ## Alpha-Olympic Style Training Engage in Olympic-style lifting and conditioning under the expert guidance of a coach. Progress through progressively intricate movements, emphasizing compound lifts and metabolic conditioning, complemented by a spirit of friendly competition.

 ### Benefits: Learn More

 ## Fighter’s Fitness The fighter’s fitness program at TBT Gym is focused on conditioning for MMA, Kickboxing, Boxing, Wrestling, Muay Thai, and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Fighters. Our coaches will help our athletes develop the best aerobic conditioning so they can maintain a high pace of work during the fighting rounds. Contact us today for more information about this class, or stop by the gym and we will be happy to speak with you in person. Prospect martial arts students and fighters from all over DFW area come to TBT GYM to train. Join us today to receive elite-level fighter training and fitness support. If you are a hard worker, a team player, and ready to bring your “A” game, then we can help you level up and grow your MMA learning journey .

 ### Benefits: - Increased stamina for fighting rounds - Improved cardiovascular fitness, strength development, enhanced coordination, stress relief, and the opportunity to learn self-defense skills. - Provides a supportive community and structured training programs to help you reach your fitness goals.

 Learn More

 ## Kids & Teens Boxing Join our Kids & Teens Boxing class to test your skills!

 ### Benefits: - Muscle Toning by improving the amount of lean mass in your body - Endurance & Stamina to help increase energy levels to live life to it fullest - Build Confidence – Once you look good, you start feeling even better and everyone notices - Fun – Have the most fun you have ever had working out

 Learn More

 ## Boxing Join our boxing class to test your skills!

 ### Benefits: - Muscle Toning by improving the amount of lean mass in your body - Endurance & Stamina to help increase energy levels to live life to it fullest - Build Confidence – Once you look good, you start feeling even better and everyone notices - Fun – Have the most fun you have ever had working out

 Learn More

 ## Wrestling Join our high-quality wrestling class to test your skills!

 ### Benefits: - Muscle Toning by improving the amount of lean mass in your body - Endurance & Stamina to help increase energy levels to live life to it fullest - Build Confidence – Once you look good, you start feeling even better and everyone notices - Fun – Have the most fun you have ever had working out

 Learn More

 ## Kickboxing Welcome to the start of you striking journey!!!
 This class is an introduction to the fundamentals of Muay Thai/kickboxing. The instructor will cover fighting stance, basic movement, jab, cross, right and left swing kicks, hooks, uppercuts, push kicks, knees and elbows, and the use of these techniques in various combinations.

 ### Benefits: - Minimal impact - Safe for beginners - Burn over 800 calories in a class - Increase muscle tone, strength & flexibility - Excellent self-defense system for men and women, and build self-confidence - Tone and condition your body through a great aerobic and anaerobic workout. - Total weight loss through excellent fat burning and cardiovascular workout - Relieve stress and tension - Develop timing, balance, co-ordination, power, speed, agility and flexibility - Learn and engage in a new combat sport and martial art - Meet and train with some great people in a friendly and attitude/ego-free environment, which female participation is very welcome.

 Learn More

 ## Kids & Teens Brazilian Jiu Jitsu We are committed to providing a safe and fun learning environment where your kids or Teens can achieve their very best. We offer tailored programs for different age groups, each curriculum geared to build a solid foundation for techniques that will continue to challenge and inspire our students.
 In our Kid’s Program, we specialize in teaching children between the ages of 3 and 13.

 ### Benefits: - Coordination & Body Awareness - Discipline & Focus - Confidence - Socialization - Fitness

 Learn More

 ## Kids & Teens Kickboxing In our Kid’s Program, we specialize in teaching children between the ages of 3 and 13.
 We always make it fun for our kids and teens to effectively learn self-defense. We make sure kids don’t get traumatized during fighting sessions, so we are a place kids want to learn combative sport.

 ### Benefits: - Self-Defense - Full-Body Fitness - Improved Physical Skills - Strong Mental Skills - Fun

 Learn More

 ## Kids & Teens Mixed Martial Arts Our kids and teens MMA program will help your little ones to quickly and safely learn the same moves used by professional fighters to win the UFC, Pride Fighting Championships, Ballator and other MMA competitions around the world while at the same time getting you in awesome shape.

 ### Benefits: - Amazing full body workout - Excellent self-defense system - Combines boxing, wrestling, Brazilian Jiu jitsu, judo, and Thai kickboxing - Fastest growing sport in the world among kids, teens and adults

 Learn More

 ## Personal Training Prefer a one-on-one fitness setting, or perhaps a small group of friends or family with one trainer? We offer great personal training services! You’ll get all the benefits of having your own fitness professional. Your instructor will train you in a small, intimate setting.

 ### Benefits: - 60 Minutes sessions - Fat Loss – Increase your metabolism and burn fat - Muscle Toning by improving the amount of lean mass in your body - Endurance & Stamina to help increase energy levels to live life to it fullest - Build Confidence – Once you look good, you start feeling even better and everyone notices - Fun – Have the most fun you have ever had working out

 Learn More

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu MMA is a combat sport involving STRIKING AND GROUND & POUND GRAPPLING type techniques, such as jab, cross, upper cut, knees, elbow, kicks, clinch fighting, throws and takedowns, joint locks, pins and other grappling holds. A MMA bout is a physical competition, between two competitors or sparring partners, who attempt to KO, TKO or submit his opponent.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport system that focuses on grappling with emphasis on ground fighting.

 ### Benefits: - Burn fat, build strength and lean muscle mass - Develop speed, endurance, coordination, confidence, stamina, agility, balance - Anything goes—different workouts to keep it fun!! - It is for all fitness levels, working professional or amateur athletes

 Learn More

 ## Cherry Booty 60 Minutes of fat burning and booty building exercises. You will learn the BEST exercises for your glutes that will leave you feeling feminine, curvy, and confident in your own skin again. The goal of this program is to stimulate all three gluteus muscle and hip complex to give your butt a more C robust SHAPE and sexy physique by creating a LEAN and TONED, yet C rounded shape.
 Booty bands are alternatively known as ‘mini bands and ‘hip bands. The gluteal muscles are a group of three muscles which make up the buttocks: the gluteus maximus, gluteus medius and gluteus minimus. Bands stimulates the gluteus medius which makes your butt more around. And we will train them a lot.

 ### Benefits: - 60 Minutes sessions - Fat burning - Learn the RIGHT way to really target your glute muscles - Get perky glutes without massive quads

 Learn More

 ## Muay Thai Welcome to the start of you striking journey!!!
 This class is an introduction to the fundamentals of Muay Thai/kickboxing. The instructor will cover fighting stance, basic movement, jab, cross, right and left swing kicks, hooks, uppercuts, push kicks, knees and elbows, and the use of these techniques in various combinations.

 ### Benefits: - Minimal impact - Safe for beginners - Burn over 800 calories in a class - Increase muscle tone, strength & flexibility - Excellent self-defense system for men and women, and build self-confidence - Tone and condition your body through a great aerobic and anaerobic workout. - Total weight loss through excellent fat burning and cardiovascular workout - Relieve stress and tension - Develop timing, balance, co-ordination, power, speed, agility and flexibility - Learn and engage in a new combat sport and martial art - Meet and train with some great people in a friendly and attitude/ego-free environment, which female participation is very welcome.

 Learn More

 ## Women’s Self-defense Training The self-defense classes are a 15 sessions curriculum that will cover the 20 most dangerous situations females can become a victim on the trails and how they can escape safely. Furthermore, you will learn and practice the top defenses in an as-close-to-real-world-as-possible way. Join our team of ladies and learn battle-tested self-defense principles against a variety of attacks that may be encountered on the street, including how to identify threat indicators and situational awareness, rape prevention, abduction prevention, self-defense in and around vehicles, grabs, chokes, ground assaults, etc.

 ### Benefits: - Confidence. Women gain more confidence in themselves and their ability and willingness to tackle their surroundings when they learn self-defense techniques. - Safety. The most important benefit from any self-defense class is to increase your overall safety in any situation. - Fitness. Most self-defense classes not only focus on emotional preparedness for an attack, but physical preparedness. - Social Benefits. Going out and taking a self-defense class can get you more socially engaged in your community.

 Learn More

 ## Barbell Toning This is a complete workout system right in Mckinney, TX. We are not a boot camp gym. We offer a split workout routine style. Monday-Tuesday is Lower Body, Wednesday-Thursday Upper Body and Friday and Saturday is Full body Day resistance training. We use short rest periods to challenge your cardio and functional exercises to improve your mobility.
 All fitness levels are welcome in this program. This complete training system will bring your conditioning to another level.

 ### Benefits: - 60 Minutes sessions - Fat Loss – Increase your metabolism and burn fat - Muscle Toning by improving the amount of lean mass in your body - Endurance & Stamina to help increase energy levels to live life to it fullest - Flexibility & Coordination you will get in better shape and stay injury free - Build Confidence – Once you look good, you start feeling even better and everyone notices - Fun – Have the most fun you have ever had working out

 Learn More
