---
source_url: https://www.fuquay-varina-martial-arts.com
final_url: https://fuquay-varina-martial-arts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:55.989Z
---

# Schell Shock BJJ #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | MMA | Self-Defense | Kickboxing Pause Video

 ## Schell Shock BJJ in Fuquay-Varina
 Welcome to one of the best martial arts gyms in the triangle with World Champion level instruction. We have a wide range of classes that are perfect for every type of practitioner. Offering both Adult BJJ and Kids BJJ classes along with Muay Thai and MMA specific training. Located in Fuquay-Varina, come try out a class today and start the journey.

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Something for Everyone

 ##### Friendly Instructors

 ##### Flexible Pricing

 ##### Free Trials

 ##### Online Classes

 ##### Incredible Community

 #####

 ## Women's Self Defense Class Join us for a Women’s Self-Defense class on July 12th at 1:30 PM. Just $15 per person! Learn practical skills in a supportive, empowering environment.

 Sign Up!
 ##### Women's Self Defense ×

 #### Schell Shock BJJ ## Programs
 ##### Kid’s Martial Arts
 ##### Adult Martial Arts
 ##### MMA & Self Defense
 ##### Kickboxing and Fitness

 #### Schell Shock BJJ ## Affiliations
 ### New Hope Regeneration #### Schell Shock BJJ is proud to be a member! Click Here to Read More! #### #### ### Adopt a Cop #### Schell Shock BJJ is proud to be a member of Adopt a Cop BJJ

 ## Testimonials

 I would absolutely recommend this to anybody just starting out or at a high-level. Professor Schell is a amazing guy, very knowledgeable and professional at what he does.

 D Connor Rynne , Facebook

 The first day training today and loving it. I'm willing to learn more. Sensei John Schell is amazing. He teaches you step by step. I can't wait till tomorrow. Highly recommend going to this gym. I give him a five star. If I could I'll give him a six star.....

 Bryan Awong , Google

 Had a great time practicing with Jon Schell and all his students. Very friendly people with a positive atmosphere. A perfect place to learn and expand your martial arts training.

 Indiana Jonez , Facebook

 This place is dope. I had no grappling experience prior to beginning my training, but everyone here is super patient and helpful. The standard for jiu-jitsu is also pretty high, definitely not a mcdojo. I've been going 2 weeks now and even the other white belts smash me consistently during rolls. If you're in the area and interested in BJJ, this is the place to go.

 Shane Collins , Google

 I have trained with and learned from John, on and off, for a decade. No one that I've met, has been more dedicated, passionate, or driven about their own journey in BJJ. He is a very patient and knowledgeable instructor. If you seek to learn BJJ, he will be a great asset to you.

 Brian Amey , Facebook

 The team here is phenomenal! Great people, great jiu-jitsu, and great facilities. Professor John and his team are great teachers, coaches, and competitors. I recommend anyone in the area to go train with them. I'll be back soon!

 Tulsa Simpson , Facebook

 ### Connect With Us Schell Shock BJJ teaches martial arts to beginners, kids, women, men, advanced students, and groups!

 (919) 518-5204
 6109 NC-55 #133, Fuquay-Varina, NC 27526
 Get Directions

 ### Schell Shock BJJ 6109 NC-55 #133, Fuquay-Varina, NC 27526
 Get Directions
