---
source_url: http://www.ralphgracieberkeley.com/
final_url: https://ralphgracieberkeley.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:27.352Z
---

Want to start training? Get a free trial class!

 Δ

 ## Our Programs
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Judo
 Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is For Everyone Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a modern martial art that rose to prominence in the early days of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). It remains one of the most effective forms of self-defense to date and an essential part of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA). A grappling-centric art, the goal of BJJ is to force your opponent into submission with joint locks and chokes. It emphasizes the use of technique and leverage over strength, allowing for a smaller person to defend themselves against a larger attacker. Jiu-Jitsu is often referred to as human chess, as it requires the body and mind to work simultaneously in a technical battle against another person. For the body, Jiu-Jitsu is an excellent way to improve physical fitness, balance, and coordination. For the mind, Jiu-Jitsu helps to build confidence, focus, and reduce stress.
 Whether you are young or old, currently in shape or not, you can enjoy and benefit from practicing Jiu-Jitsu. Students at Ralph Gracie Berkeley train for a variety of reasons, and we have the resources available to meet a diverse range of needs. Some students attend primarily to improve fitness and learn a new art form, while others train to compete in tournaments and test themselves against others. We take pride in the camaraderie and community that exists at our academy.

 ## Come Meet Us
 - Ralph Gracie Berkeley 1500 Ashby Ave Berkeley, CA 94703 - - (510) 486-8000 - info [at] ralphgracieberkeley.com

 Want to start training? Get a free trial class!

 Δ
