---
source_url: http://www.ralphgracieberkeley.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://ralphgracieberkeley.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:28.250Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is divided by age (Kids & Adults) and skill level (Beginners & All Levels). Classes vary in length, between 45 minutes for kids, 1 hour for beginners, and 1.5 hours for all levels.
 Each class is generally divided into three sections:
 - Warm Up: We incorporate drills, movements and exercises in our warm-up that help build strength, flexibility, cardio and coordination specific to BJJ. - Technique; Drilling: The instructor will teach specific BJJ techniques and theory, according to a structured curriculum. Students will have time to drill the techniques, and the instructor will answer any questions & provide feedback for optimal learning. - Sparring: The final section of the class is reserved for controlled and supervised sparring, which provides a safe opportunity to test techniques while grappling against other students.
 ## Beginner’s Program The Beginner’s Program is targeted primarily towards white belts. The goal of the beginner class is to establish a solid foundation of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu through Gracie BJJ theory, technique, and principles. Students are taught a a core curriculum of 80 fundamental Jiu Jitsu positions that will serve as a platform for advancement. Students learn and practice essential techniques, submissions, escapes, positioning, self-defense, and more. These skills will form the bedrock of their training, which will aid in the student’s development & progress. Once a student demonstrates a solid understanding of the fundamentals of BJJ, they will be invited to participate in the Intermediate/Advanced classes.
 ## All Levels Program The Intermediate/Advanced Program is our main BJJ program. It is a mixed-level class that allows students the opportunity for more in-depth exploration of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. The curriculum focuses on detailed instruction, position advancement, and fluidity of movement. Students will become fluent in situational attacks, advanced sweeps, transitions, escapes, counters and self-defense. More advanced students will explore high level transitions, offensive and defensive strategy, with a strong emphasis on instinctual learning through intense sparring. Outside competition is encouraged, but not required.
 ## No Gi Program In Nogi jiu-jitsu you will learn how to apply techniques from Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, minus the traditional uniform–a gi or kimono. The techniques, concepts and strategies covered apply whether your goal is competition or self-defense. In nogi we expand beyond the conventional rulesets, incorporating techniques from wrestling, judo and sambo. Whether you are a beginner, hobbyist or professional competitor you are welcome to come and gain insights and sharpen your technique.
 ## Open Mat Open Mat is a non-instructional class where students may practice the application of technique at their own pace through self-led drilling and sparring. This allows for students to focus on specific problem areas and refine techniques. Open Mat is a free class, open to students and non-student guests.

 Want to start training? Get a free trial class!

 Δ
