---
source_url: http://www.martialartspeoria.com/
final_url: https://martialartspeoria.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:31.028Z
---

# PEORIA MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH Championship Martial Arts We at Championship Martial Arts are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SPECIAL OFFER &
 CLAIM OUR SUMMER SPECIAL
 Secure your spot & get started today with our EXCLUSIVE online offer!
 Limited to first 20 New Students...Sorry, New Students Only

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids Martial Arts (Ages 4 – 13) Teen / Adult Martial Arts Krav Maga – Adult Program Womens Self Defense Seminars – Krav Maga -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Championship Martial Arts Peoria to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## WELCOME TO Championship Martial Arts PEORIA We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Championship Martial Arts, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Kids Martial Arts (Ages 4 – 13)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen / Adult Martial Arts
 Martial arts classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 Krav Maga – Adult Program
 Prepare to defend yourself in any situation – go beyond traditional martial arts and learn to fight!
 View Program

 Womens Self Defense Seminars – Krav Maga
 A good workout strengthens your body and mind, giving you the ability to cope with stress even when life is challenging. Womens Self Defense classes offer a body-mind experience that can’t be duplicated anywhere else.
 View Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Championship Martial Arts
 GOALS
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 COMMUNITY
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors priority.

 Build character and leadership qualities
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Duane Long The instructor and class is awesome! I’ve put other children thru different schools and I highly recommend this style and curriculum over other styles and schools.

 Gretchen Spadinski Outstanding place to train! The instructors are very courteous and knowledgeable, and provide environment that is family oriented and welcomes all ages and experience levels. I enjoy the Krav Maga to learn some practical self defense skills.

 Reanna Taylor My 7 year old daughter absolutely loves her karate lessons here! She was shy and reserved at first but has really come out of her shell over the last few months! Highly recommend.

 Tula Walker It’s a great school for my little one he for and they are so patient and kind to him he learning so much here

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Krav Maga Program

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## Recent Blog Posts
 Protecting Our Kids: Why Sunscreen Matters (Especially in Arizona)
 Living in Arizona means sunshine almost every day—but that comes with a serious responsibility when it comes to protecting our kids’ skin. Arizona has some of the highest UV levels in the country, with summer UV Index levels often hitting 9–11+ (extreme exposure). That means skin damage can begin in as little as 10–15 minutes, […]
 READ MORE »

 Why Physical Education is Important for Kids
 Why Is Exercise Important for Kids and Their Mental Health?
 READ MORE »

 Why Creativity Matters (More Than Ever)
 Creativity isn’t just for artists or musicians—it’s a life skill. It’s how we solve problems, adapt when things don’t go as planned, and find better ways to do what we already do. At its core, creativity is the ability to see options where others see obstacles. It shows up when you try a new approach […]
 READ MORE »
