---
source_url: https://gbwashington.com
final_url: https://gbwashington.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:41.128Z
---

Sign Up For Classes

 Get a Free Class

 Directions
 (636) 266-9388

 !Home Slider
 - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More - GRACIE BARRA Washington MO Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Washington, Missouri, serving the communities of Washington, Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Cuba and more! Learn More

 ## Brotherhood, Expansion, Integrity "My life is dedicated to Jiu-Jitsu. My goal was simply to build a brotherhood to lead the expansion of BJJ while respecting the essence of our art. My students are an extension of my family. I want each one of them to achieve their personal best while helping spread Jiu-Jitsu. We must do that honoring the traditions and efforts of those who came before us.”
 – Carlos Gracie Jr.

 Childrens Classes ## Children's Classes Our children's classes (4-6 & 7-9 years) are a fun, safe & age appropriate way to introduce your child to martial arts.
 View Classes

 Kids' & Teenagers' Classes ## Kids' & Teenagers' Our kids' (ages 10-12) & teens' (ages 13-15) classes are designed to help your kids grow into healthy, strong and confident young men and women.
 View Classes

 Women's & Men's Classes ## Women's & Men's Classes Learn the legendary Gracie Barra jiu-jitsu system that has produced countless BJJ and MMA champions.
 View Classes

 All Programs ## All Classes You can be stronger than you have ever imagined. Become fit, healthy, balanced and powerful.
 View Classes

 ## The Worlds #1 Martial Arts Team Gracie Barra Washington, Mo Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the regional hub for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu martial arts as well as any seeking classes and instruction on self defense techniques, physical fitness improvement, and the competitive sport of BJJ. The programs and classes we offer teach power, focus, balance, integrity, respect and confidence to all regardless of age or experience. Our Jiu-Jitsu classes are taught by experienced coaches who have excelled in the BJJ sport as well their individual lives and are excited to bring their success to you through classes such as self defense, bully prevention, sports participation, and other integral jiu jitsu classes. Join one of our classes today to see how Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can improve your life!
 Located in Washington, MO, Gracie Barra Washington makes world class martial arts available to residents in Union, St. Clair, Pacific, Sullivan, Owensville, St. James, Hermann, Villa Ridge, and more. Find out for yourself why Gracie Barra has been rated the #1 team by the International Brazilian jiu-jitsu federation .
 Read More

 - Martial Arts Classes - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - Martial Arts Training - Martial Arts Training For Kids Near Me - Jiu Jitsu Near Me - MMA Classes Near Me - Kids Martial Arts - Best Martial Arts - BJJ Schools Near Me - MMA Gym Near Me - Adult Martial Arts Classes - Muay Thai Near Me - Best Martial Arts For Kids - No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu - BJJ Near Me - Beginner Jiu-Jitsu - BJJ Competition Training - Self-Defense Classes - BJJ Gyms Near Me - Jiu-Jitsu School Near Me - Jiu-Jitsu - Mixed Martial Arts - Martial Arts Training for Kids Near Me - Family Martial Arts - Self-Defense - Self-Defense Classes Near Me - BJJ Training - Martial Arts Academy - Teen Martial Arts - Martial Arts for Beginners - MMA Gym - Submission Wrestling - No-Gi & Wrestling - Women's Martial Arts Training

 © 2026 Gracie Barra Washington | Tracker Designs

 - Home - About Us Back View Page Reviews - Instructors Back Professor Tyler Coach Jesse Coach Cates - Programs Back Children Kids & Teens Adults - Schedule - Locations Back Washington Chesterfield O’Fallon / Lake St. Louis West County St. Peters - Contact - Washington

 ## Schedule a Free Class!
 CLOSE
