---
source_url: https://www.corneliusjiujitsu.com/programs/open-mat
final_url: https://www.corneliusjiujitsu.com/programs/open-mat
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:40.219Z
---

Visiting? Drop In

 Visiting? Drop In

 # Open Mat
 ##### Train, Roll, and Refine Your Skills in a Laid-Back, Open Training Environment
 ###### Schedule
 Saturday - Thursday

 ###### Duration
 Varies - See Schedule

 Book a Free Week Trial Get in Touch

 ## Program Description
 At Cornelius Jiu Jitsu Academy, our Open Mat sessions provide the perfect opportunity to sharpen your skills, experiment with techniques, and get in extra mat time. Whether you want to roll with different training partners, troubleshoot techniques, or just enjoy an unstructured training session, Open Mat is FREE and open to all skill levels. Come train at your own pace, connect with the Jiu Jitsu community, and take your game to the next level!

 Book a free full-week trial to discover everything we have to offer at Cornelius Jiu Jitsu Academy!

 ##### Extra Mat Time for Faster Progress
 Open Mat gives you the flexibility to drill techniques, roll freely, and refine your skills beyond structured class sessions.

 ##### Train with a Variety of Partners
 Rolling with different skill levels and body types helps you adapt, improve your technique, and gain new perspectives on your Jiu Jitsu game.

 ##### No Pressure, Just Training
 Unlike a formal class, Open Mat is self-paced—work on what you want, when you want, in a relaxed and supportive setting.

 ##### Community & Camaraderie
 Bond with your teammates, meet new training partners, and become part of a thriving Jiu Jitsu community that pushes each other to improve.

 Monday Judo Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Tuesday Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Wednesday Judo Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Thursday Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Friday Open Mat 6:30 am - 8:00 am
 Saturday Open Mat 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM
 Sunday Open Mat 1:00 PM - 3:00 PM

 ## Class Schedule
 Find the best times to train—view our class schedule and join us for a session today!

 ## Join Our Jiu Jitsu Community in Cornelius, NC
 Book a Free Week Trial

 ## Questions? Get in Touch
 Fill out the form to contact us for more information about Cornelius Jiu-Jitsu Academy or help getting started.

 Font Awesome Icons First Name * Required field!
 Last Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field! Enter a valid email address!
 Phone Enter a 10 digit number to ensure you receive SMSs.
 How Did You Hear About Us - Friend/Family Facebook Google/Search Engine SMS Online Sales Other Online Ads
 Comments
 Invalid reCAPTCHA!

 ##### Connect
 20488 Chartwell Center Drive, Cornelius, North Carolina 28031, United States

 (704) 215-0504

 info@corneliusjiujitsu.com

 ##### Hours
 Mon: 10 AM–1:30 PM, 5–9 PM
 Tue: 6:30 AM-8 AM, 10 AM–1 PM, 5–9 PM
 Wed: 10 AM–1 PM, 5–9 PM
 Thur: 6:30 AM-8 AM, 10 AM–1 PM, 5–9 PM
 Fri: 10 AM–12:30 PM
 Sat: 9:30 AM–1 PM
 Sun: 1 PM-3 PM

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
