---
source_url: https://www.corneliusjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.corneliusjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:40.423Z
---

Visiting? Drop In

 Visiting? Drop In

 # Jiu Jitsu Training in Cornelius, NC
 # Cornelius Jiu Jitsu Academy
 ### Jiu Jitsu is a JOurney, NOt a Destination.
 Book a Free Week Trial Get in Touch

 ### Jiu Jitsu Training For Everyone, Built to Match Your Goals
 Welcome to Cornelius Jiu-Jitsu Academy! We strive to be a friendly, clean, safe, family-focused, and no-nonsense gym. We teach Gi and No Gi Jiu-Jitsu and Wrestling for defense, sport, fitness, and fun. As an unaffiliated school, we welcome practitioners from all walks of life and all fitness and experience levels.

 We love Jiu-Jitsu and would be honored to help you on your way—let’s roll! Book your free trial today to try us out for a full week.

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 ##### Why Train with Us?
 ## What & How We Train
 Jiu-Jitsu and Submission Grappling are both martial arts and sports, emphasizing grappling and submissions. They are among the most effective styles for self-defense while also helping with fitness and weight loss.

 At CJJA, we prioritize technique and fluidity over strength, speed, and aggression. Our instructors are dedicated students of Jiu-Jitsu’s vast techniques and concepts. Rather than a one-size-fits-all approach, we equip students with core grappling skills while helping them develop a style that suits their body and personality.

 Book a free trial to join us for a full week of classes, or contact us for more information about Cornelius Jiu-Jitsu Academy!

 Book a Free Week Trial Get in Touch

 ## Our Training programs
 In a typical class at CJJA, you'll practice technique, drills, and live sparring while learning to defend against larger opponents. Along the way, you'll build agility, flexibility, and stamina—all while having fun and making new friends. Click a program to learn more and book your free trial week to start training today!

 ### Adult Jiu Jitsu Master the Art of Jiu Jitsu, Build Strength, and Gain Confidence

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu Build Confidence, Discipline, and Self-Defense Skills in a Fun & Safe Environment

 ### Open Mat Train, Roll, and Refine Your Skills in a Laid-Back, Open Training Environment

 ##### We also offer Private Lessons. Click here to learn more.

 ## Join the Community at Cornelius Jiu Jitsu Academy
 ##### book a free Trial Week
 Try us for a full week free of charge and discover why our members love CJJA!

 ##### Experience Our Academy
 During your free trial week, join us for any and all classes for your age group.

 ##### Keep Training, Make Friends & See Growth
 Consistency is key—the guidance and encouragement from our trainers and community will help you stay motivated to reach your full potential.

 Book a Free Week Trial

 ## Our Class Schedule
 We offer Jiu Jitsu classes throughout the week for both adults and kids, plus free open mat sessions where you can train freely. Explore our weekly schedule below and join us for a Jiu Jitsu training session in Cornelius today!

 Monday Adult No Gi 6:30 AM - 7:30 AM Adult Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids No Gi (5-12) 5:45 PM - 6:45 PM Adult Gi Fundamentals 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM Judo Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Tuesday Adult No Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids Gi (5-12) 5:45 PM - 6:45 PM Adult Gi 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Wednesday Adult No Gi 6:30 AM - 7:30 AM Adult Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids No Gi (5-12) 5:45 PM - 6:45 PM Adult No Gi 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM Judo Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Thursday Adult No Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids No Gi Wrestling (5-12) 5:45 PM - 6:45 PM Adult No Gi 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM Open Mat 7:45 PM - 8:45 PM
 Friday Open Mat 6:30 am - 8:00 am Adult Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Comp/Positional Class 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM
 Saturday Judo 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Kids Jiu Jitsu 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Open Mat 11:00 AM - 1:00 PM
 Sunday Open Mat 1:00 PM - 3:00 PM

 ## Train with Purpose, Succeed for Life
 Fantastic coaches who work with you, family vibes where everyone looks out for one another, and a conducive environment for growth. Cannot recommend this place enough!

 ###### - Brooke G.

 This is an excellent place to train! The instructors are and knowledgeable skilled. If you're in the area and looking for place to train check out Cornelius bjj, you won't be disappointed.

 ###### - Adam M.

 If you're looking for a place that is family-friendly, has first-class instructors with a TON of patience, and is super clean... this is it. I've tried 5 different places around the area and this one is (by far) the best in all categories.

 ###### - Ted B.

 Good group of guys. Instructors have years of knowledge and outstanding jiujitsu! I definitely recommend Cornelius jiu-jitsu Academy!!!

 ###### - Jose S.

 ## Questions? Get in Touch
 Fill out the form to contact us for more information about Cornelius Jiu-Jitsu Academy or help getting started.

 Font Awesome Icons First Name * Required field!
 Last Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field! Enter a valid email address!
 Phone Enter a 10 digit number to ensure you receive SMSs.
 How Did You Hear About Us - Friend/Family Facebook Google/Search Engine SMS Online Sales Other Online Ads
 Comments
 Invalid reCAPTCHA!

 ## Start Your Jiu Jitsu Journey
 Try us out for a full week totally FREE. No commitment, no risk—what's holding you back? Sign up today!

 Book a Free Week Trial

 ##### Connect
 20488 Chartwell Center Drive, Cornelius, North Carolina 28031, United States

 (704) 215-0504

 info@corneliusjiujitsu.com

 ##### Hours
 Mon: 10 AM–1:30 PM, 5–9 PM
 Tue: 6:30 AM-8 AM, 10 AM–1 PM, 5–9 PM
 Wed: 10 AM–1 PM, 5–9 PM
 Thur: 6:30 AM-8 AM, 10 AM–1 PM, 5–9 PM
 Fri: 10 AM–12:30 PM
 Sat: 9:30 AM–1 PM
 Sun: 1 PM-3 PM

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
