---
source_url: http://www.anchoragebjj.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.anchoragebjj.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:13.010Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi and No-Gi classes available)
 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is the marital arts style perfected in Brazil during the 1900’s. BJJ took grappling techniques of Judo and Japanese Jiu-Jitsu and further refined them to work against a larger opponent. The system has been well tested for self-defense applications in Vale Tudo (no rules) fights. Most ground fighting in modern MMA is BJJ. For a full history of BJJ see: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_Jiu-Jitsu
 ‍
 Our head instructors are Black Belts in BJJ.
 We are part of the Tinguinha BJJ association. Tinguinha received his Black Belt from Carlos Gracie Jr. who is son of one of the creators of the system, Carlos Gracie Sr.
 ‍
 A common philosophy held by the best BJJ competitors in the world is the idea that there are no short cuts or secrets in BJJ; only diligent training leads to progression.
 ‍
 ##### Our philosophy is to provide a systematic approach to training as outlined below: ##### 1. Cardiovascular Conditioning You can’t properly execute a technique if you are physically fatigued. Classes will allow individuals to increase their physical stamina.
 ##### 2. Drilling the Basics New technique is not beneficial in increasing the level of an individual’s ability unless basic techniques have been mastered. Basic technique is crucial for a strong foundation in BJJ. More advanced techniques are an extension of the basics and can not be implemented correctly and efficiently without a strong development of basic technique. Classes will provide the member adequate time to develop critical skills.
 ##### 3. Introduction of New Material There are thousands of BJJ techniques available. A variety of techniques will be offered to members, determined by an individual’s level. Individuals can determine which moves work best in their personal game, dependent on personal attributes such as size, speed, and flexibility.
 ##### 4. Free Rolling Free training is the students chance to fuse cardiovascular conditioning, refinement of the basics, and knowledge of new material. We recommend all students spend 1.5-2 hours a week of free training (3 or 4 times a week for at least 30 minutes).
 ‍

 ##### LEARN MORE
 FAQ about news contact
 ##### social
 facebook instagram youtube

 Copyright © 2023 Anchorage Brazilian Jui-Jitsu. All rights reserved.
