---
source_url: https://essencebjjwalnutcreek.com/kids-muay-thai-classes-in-pleasant-hill-ca/
final_url: https://essencebjjwalnutcreek.com/kids-muay-thai-classes-in-pleasant-hill-ca/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:02.495Z
---

ENROLL NOW
 Skip to content ## Kids Muay Thai Classes in Pleasant Hill, CA

 Looking for an exciting way for your kids to stay active and have fun? Essence Bjj Walnut Creek in Pleasant Hill, CA offers Muay Thai classes for kids! Muay Thai makes for an excellent form of exercise for kids and teaches them discipline, respect, and self-confidence while forming practical lifelong habits. The best activity for a child is one that has the potential to grow with him or her.

 ## We Offer Muay Thai For Kids

 Muay Thai is a martial art that combines striking with stand-up grappling and clinching. Kids learn the basics of Muay Thai , such as how to throw punches, kicks, and blocks, as well as how to use their elbows and knees to attack opponents. It is an excellent way for kids to stay active, build self-confidence, and learn discipline and respect. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructors are experienced in teaching kids Muay Thai and make sure that classes are fun and safe! What better way for your kids to get out of the house and make new friends than in one of the best Pleasant Hill martial arts schools around!

 ## Serving Residents of Pleasant Hill, CA

 We provide classes to Pleasant Hill, CA, and the surrounding areas. Our skilled instructors enjoy meeting the kids face-to-face and introducing them to the other students. This gives the instructors a chance to answer any questions the kids or their parents might have. For example, our instructors can explain the different types of classes that are available and the general curriculum for each class.

 ## Commonly Asked Questions About Kids Martial Arts

 Still have unanswered questions about Jiu-Jitsu or Muay Thai? Check out our most commonly asked questions below!

 ## What are the benefits of kids Muay Thai?

 Muay Thai is a great way for kids to stay active and develop physical strength, agility, and coordination. It also helps to promote discipline, respect, and self-confidence. Finally, it can be a great way to have fun while learning a valuable martial art.

 ## Is Muay Thai safe for children?

 Yes, Muay Thai is a safe form of martial arts for children. All the moves are performed in a controlled environment with proper protective gear, and all coaches are certified and experienced. Furthermore, kid’s martial arts classes like Muay Thai are designed to be fun and engaging, which helps to keep the kids motivated and focused. Martial arts schools such as Essence Bjj Walnut Creek are meant to be safe, controlled, and inviting for all.

 ## How often should children attend Muay Thai classes?

 Depending on the age and experience of the child, martial arts classes should be attended at least once or twice a week. If the child is younger and has no prior training or experience, attending class three times a week is recommended. Additionally, classes should be kept short, usually no longer than an hour.

 ## Contact Us Today For Kids Martial Arts Classes

 Muay Thai is an enjoyable way for kids to make new friends and learn a valuable martial art. Our martial arts i nstructors are passionate and experienced and strive to create a fun and enjoyable experience for all of our students. All experience levels are welcome, and we offer training programs from beginners to world-class athletes. Contact Essence Bjj Walnut Creek of Pleasant Hill, CA today and enroll your kids in our Muay Thai classes! Become a witness to your child’s physical and mental development as they grow through Muay Thai here in the Pleasant Hill area.

 ENROLL NOW

 - HOME - FREE TRIAL - ABOUT US - THE TEAM - CLASSES - MEMBERSHIPS - SCHEDULE - FAQ - CONTACT - BLOG - MEMBER LOGIN - LOCATIONS
