---
source_url: https://bulletproofcombat.com
final_url: https://bulletproofcombat.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:52.053Z
---

COMBAT ## PROOF PROOF
 Bullet CLICK HERE TO TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## Syracuse's Elite Combat Combat Sports Academy: Boxing, Wrestling, Jiu-Jitsu, and MMA

 News March 24, 2026

 #### Bulletproof Combat Gym at Lace Up (March 21, 2026) Our team stepped into the spotlight at Lace Up Promotions’ “Malice at the Palace V” on March 21 and delivered a st

 Read More

 News December 16, 2021

 #### Beginner’s Guide to Choosing Between Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and MMA Beginner’s Guide to Choosing Between Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and MMA Embarking on a journey into martial arts can be

 Read More

 News December 16, 2021

 #### Welcome to Bulletproof Combat Welcome to Bulletproof Combat Greetings and Warm Welcome to Bulletproof Combat! We are thrilled to introduce you to Bull

 Read More

 ### Unleash Your Inner Champion at Bulletproof Combat Welcome to Bulletproof Combat, Syracuse's hub for martial arts excellence. Our gym offers a dynamic mix of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, Wrestling, and MMA, catering to all skill levels. Here, training goes beyond physical prowess; it's about building confidence, discipline, and a strong community spirit. Under expert guidance, you'll embark on a transformative journey, honing not just combat skills but also personal resilience. Join us for a journey of empowerment and growth in a welcoming and energetic environment.
 Learn more

 #### BOXING Enhance your boxing skills with expert training in punch precision, footwork, and defense. Our classes cater to all levels, focusing on building strength, strategy, and endurance for both competitive and fitness goals.

 #### Wrestling Our wrestling program develops your physical strength and tactical acumen. Training includes takedowns, holds, and pins, suitable for beginners to advanced wrestlers. Emphasize discipline and resilience, building agility and endurance.

 #### BJJ Master ground control and submission techniques. Our classes, suitable for various skill levels, blend technical drills with sparring, challenging both body and mind under the guidance of skilled instructors.

 #### MMA Immerse yourself in Mixed Martial Arts, a blend of striking, grappling, and ground fighting techniques. Suitable for all abilities, our classes focus on comprehensive combat skills and physical conditioning

 ### MEET YOUR COACH Step into the world of martial arts under the expert guidance of Shane Manley, a seasoned coach and decorated fighter at Bulletproof Combat. Shane's journey in martial arts is not just about his impressive skills and accolades; it's a story of resilience, dedication, and passion. With years of experience in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, Wrestling, and MMA, he brings a wealth of knowledge and an inspiring approach to training. His philosophy extends beyond the mat, focusing on building character, mental toughness, and a sense of community among his students. Click to discover more about Shane's remarkable journey and how his experiences and ethos drive the spirit of Bulletproof Combat.
 View more

 ## MEET YOUR COACHES COACHES

 #### Shane Manley Head Coach

 #### Tristan Broddus Assistant Wrestling Coach

 #### Srdan Lukic Assistant Boxing Coach

 #### Lucas Brey Strength Coach

 ## REVIEWS REVIEWS FOR BULLET PROOF COMBAT

 ## REVIEWS REVIEWS FOR BULLET PROOF COMBAT

 ## CONTACT CONTACT US FOR MORE INFO For any questions or more information about our classes and facilities, please feel free to contact us. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced martial artist, we're here to assist you. Reach out via phone, email, or visit our gym directly. We're committed to supporting your martial arts journey and look forward to hearing from you.

 1129 E Fayette St.
 Syracuse, NY 13210
 bulletproofcombat@gmail.com

 Send message

 Δ
