---
source_url: https://stocktonjiujitsuacademy.com/stockton-jiujitsu-academy
final_url: https://stocktonjiujitsuacademy.com/stockton-jiujitsu-academy
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:36.594Z
---

2222 Grand Canal Blvd Suite 8,9,10 Stockton, CA 95207
 Call or Text (209) 244-5668

 Jiujitsu - JUDO - FITNESS - DANCE Jiujitsu - JUDO - FITNESS - DANCE Jiujitsu - JUDO - FITNESS - DANCE Jiujitsu - JUDO - FITNESS - DANCE

 ## CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR YOUR FIRST FREE CLASS! CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR YOUR FIRST FREE CLASS! CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR YOUR FIRST FREE CLASS! CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR YOUR FIRST FREE CLASS!

 # Social

 ## KIDS, ADULTS, wOMEN'S oNLY GI & NO gI, Multiple class times, two mat spaces, pRIVATE LESSONS & more!

 ## SCHEDULE #### MONDAY #### WEDNESDAY #### TUESDAY
 6:00am All Levels BJJ no-gi

 9:30am OPEN MAT

 4:00pm Youth Wrestling (Mat B)

 4:30pm Tiny Tappers (3-5)

 5:30pm Kids bjj gi

 5:30pm Adult No-Gi (Mat B)

 6:30pm Boxing (Mat B)

 6:30pm All Levels BJJ no-gi

 #### TUESDAY #### WEDNESDAY #### TUESDAY
 6:00am All Levels BJJ gi

 9:30am OPEN MAT

 4:30pm kids competition gi

 5:30pm kids bjj gi

 5:30pm bjj fundamentals gi (Mat B)

 6:30pm All Levels BJJ Gi

 #### WEDNESDAY #### WEDNESDAY #### WEDNESDAY
 6:00am Combatives BJJ nogi

 9:30am OPEN MAT

 4:30pm kids competition gi

 5:30pm kids all levels

 5:30pm bjj fundamentals gi (Mat B)

 6:30pm All Levels BJJ Gi

 #### THURSDAY #### SATURDAY #### WEDNESDAY
 6:00am All Levels BJJ gi

 9:30am OPEN MAT

 4:30pm Kids No-Gi COMP

 5:30pm adult bjj gi take down (Mat b)

 5:30pm Kids Bjj No-GI

 6:30pm Boxing (Valley fit)

 6:30pm Women's Only Gi

 6:30pm OPEN MAT (Mat B)

 #### FRIDAY #### SATURDAY #### SATURDAY
 6:00am
 Open Mat (white belts must be cleared to attend)

 4:30pm
 Open Mat (white belts must be cleared to attend text 209-244-5668)

 #### SATURDAY #### SATURDAY #### SATURDAY
 8:00am
 Boxing

 9:00am
 Open Mat (white belts must be cleared to attend)

 #### Your first class is ALWAYS on us! New students are welcome to trial ANY class that is NOT an OPEN MAT. If this is your first time and your first class is a GI class, a gi is not needed until you commit to attending. If you have any questions please give us a call!

 CLICK THE LINK BELOW TO SEE OUR SCHEDULE AND FIND OUT MORE!

 Find out more

 ## Instructors #### Rich Flores (Owner & Operator) Rich Flores is the founder, owner, and head instructor of Stockton Jiu-jitsu Academy. Richard is a Black belt and has over 10+ years of jiu-jitsu practice. He also has a background of high school and college wrestling and is also a Judo blue belt. Rich carries many IBJJF, Jiu Jitsu by the bay, Pan Ams, medals and titles in various belt colors. Richard loves competing in jiu jitsu along with spending time with his wife and two children and of course teaching classes right next door. Rich's mission is to change the view of jiu jitsu and help foster a love of the art in every one regardless of shape, size, age, or experience!

 ## INSTRUCTORS #### Len DuBois #### Pete Godina (boxing) #### Len DuBois

 #### John Ratto #### Pete Godina (boxing) #### Len DuBois

 #### Pete Godina (boxing) #### Pete Godina (boxing) #### Pete Godina (boxing)

 #### Bobby Cearly #### Sraineth Flores #### Pete Godina (boxing)

 #### Todd Phillips #### Sraineth Flores #### Sraineth Flores

 #### Sraineth Flores #### Sraineth Flores #### Sraineth Flores

 #### Jessica Cardenas #### Jessica Cardenas #### Jessica Cardenas

 #### Shayne (boxing) #### Jessica Cardenas #### Jessica Cardenas

 #### Josh Canela #### Jessica Cardenas #### Josh Canela

 ## PRICING ### New Rates Effective Feb 2023 Adult Jiujitsu
 All instructional classes and open mats

 #### 6 Month Commitment $140

 #### Month to Month $170

 ### New Rates Starting Feb 2023 Kids Jiujitsu
 All instructional classes and open mats

 #### 6 month commitment $120

 #### 6 month + 1 Sibling (2 kids total) $210

 #### Month to Month $150

 ### Tiny Tappers (ages 3-5)

 #### 6 month commitment $75

 ### ADD ON CLASSES for students with current memberships only!
 All instructional classes and open mats

 #### Boxing Only $85

 #### Boxing (with current bjj membership) $40

 #### Valley Fitness (with current bjj membership) $80

 #### Women's Only $85

 *additonal discounts available for military, educators, and law enforcement. Also for bundling ADDITIONAL services like Valley Fitness Classes, dance & judo*
