---
source_url: http://www.rockstarmartialarts.com/classes
final_url: https://rockstarmartialarts.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:25.566Z
---

# Martial Arts Programs Available Near Frisco, Prosper, & McKinney
 ## Beginner Jiu Jitsu and Kids Martial Arts Classes Enrolling Now Near You In Frisco, Prosper and McKinney! Request information

 This family is AMAZING!!! We love Austin and Maddie and how they make this training become such an amazing part of a child’s life. We have seen so much growth in our child since attending this school. The lessons are much more than just martial arts, Austin is teaching lessons about life. He teaches in such a way that any child can easily connect with him to understand these principles and learn to apply them in life. They have created an atmosphere of growth, respect and understanding of each other while being a good teammate! Also, they take the time to understand each student and what tools they need to succeed in martial arts in a very safe environment.

 I came here hoping to find something my son could do when he was struggling to find his “groove” in little league. We’re one month in and I already see amazing things that go beyond our original goals for him. Even his teachers notice a difference in how he carries himself and how he behaves, and all the timelines trace back to when he started jiu-jitsu. They have reported to me that he’s more confident, more respectful and more engaged for longer periods of time. What he learns in his anti-bullying class here definitely stays with him and transfers into other places in his life. I’m so glad we brought him to Rockstar North Prosper!

 No words can fully describe the dedication and love both Coach Austin and Maddy out into their students. They treat everyone with respect and discipline. After a little while we’ve clearly noticed how our daughter can focus more and pays attention in all of her day to day activities. The level of training is pretty good and safety is really important to them. Healthy atmosphere and after every class you leave with a positive feeling.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
