---
source_url: http://www.rockstarmartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://rockstarmartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:26.053Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Frisco, Prosper and McKinney
 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes near Frisco, Prosper and McKinney Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for adults right here in Frisco, Prosper and McKinney! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional coaches and instructors in Frisco, Prosper and McKinney will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ## Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 This class is taught by João “Somalia” Pedro, a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt under Jonathas “Monteirinho” Couto and Eduardo “Jamelão” Conceição. Rockstar Martial Art's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offers students world-class instruction in a world class environment. When you step on the mat at Rockstar Martial Arts, you are stepping on the mat with one of the best BJJ instructors in the Frisco area. As a student of João “Somalia” Pedro, expect to learn the very best ways to train and practice from the best in the business.
 ## ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Rockstar Martial Arts Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ### Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In: - North Frisco/Little Elm - South Frisco - Prosper/Aubrey - North Prosper - North McKinney

 ## Beginner Jiu Jitsu and Kids Martial Arts Classes Enrolling Now Near You In Frisco, Prosper and McKinney! Request information

 This family is AMAZING!!! We love Austin and Maddie and how they make this training become such an amazing part of a child’s life. We have seen so much growth in our child since attending this school. The lessons are much more than just martial arts, Austin is teaching lessons about life. He teaches in such a way that any child can easily connect with him to understand these principles and learn to apply them in life. They have created an atmosphere of growth, respect and understanding of each other while being a good teammate! Also, they take the time to understand each student and what tools they need to succeed in martial arts in a very safe environment.

 I came here hoping to find something my son could do when he was struggling to find his “groove” in little league. We’re one month in and I already see amazing things that go beyond our original goals for him. Even his teachers notice a difference in how he carries himself and how he behaves, and all the timelines trace back to when he started jiu-jitsu. They have reported to me that he’s more confident, more respectful and more engaged for longer periods of time. What he learns in his anti-bullying class here definitely stays with him and transfers into other places in his life. I’m so glad we brought him to Rockstar North Prosper!

 No words can fully describe the dedication and love both Coach Austin and Maddy out into their students. They treat everyone with respect and discipline. After a little while we’ve clearly noticed how our daughter can focus more and pays attention in all of her day to day activities. The level of training is pretty good and safety is really important to them. Healthy atmosphere and after every class you leave with a positive feeling.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
