---
source_url: https://www.sbgi-pdx.com/?calid=20122012
final_url: https://sbgi-pdx.com/?calid=20122012
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:42.593Z
---

## Straight Blast Gym

 # Portlands First & Best Martial Arts Gym specialising in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), Martial arts (MMA), Self-Defense, and Kids Martial Arts. Est. since 1992

 ## Let's Get Started!

 First Name *

 Phone Number *

 Email Address *

 ZIP / Postal Code

 Offline Code

 Message

 Please tick the box if you're happy to receive further communications from us Please confirm if you're 18 or over

 Send Message

 Please do not fill in this field.

 ## WORLD CLASS, MIXED MARTIAL ARTS, BJJ AND FITNESS IN PORTLAND

 At Straight Blast Gym, we produce results for everyone interested in martial arts – regardless of experience, athleticism or lack thereof. We focus on what works: the core fundamental principles. The science behind our training methods works for 45-year-old professors, 53-year-old attorneys, 22-year-old MMA fighters, and Oregon’s most successful BJJ competition team!

 MEET OUR INSTRUCTORS

 Explore our Martial Arts classes

 Let's Get Started!

 ### Customer reviews

 ## REAL WORLD RESULTS

 “Love this place! I’m very new to Martial arts of any kind. At the time I was so scared and overwhelmed by all of the choices. I had my orientation which helped me decide where to start. I can’t say enough about the atmosphere. Such a vast group of people all striving to thrive not only physically but emotionally, spiritually and mentally. All helping lift each other up.”

 Chelsea P.

 “Go here if you want to learn the right way. SBG is as encouraging as it is challenging. The instructors make sure you learn proper technique. This is important in order for you to grow as a fighter. I have been a member at other gyms and it was so ego-driven. You will not find that at SBG. Instead, you will find a supportive community that helps you to get to the next level in your training.”

 Patrick D.

 “Awesome gym with great coaches! These guys know their jiu-jitsu, and most importantly they know how to teach each individual to be their best. All of the other students are great too, there’s a real social atmosphere in the gym. If you’re looking to get into Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or Mixed Martial Arts , there’s no better gym in Portland!”

 Tim F.

 View More Testimonials

 #### WE’VE GOT YOU COVERED

 ## Our Martial Arts Classes

 Whether you’re looking for better fitness , real-world self-defense, or a combination of the two, we’ve got you covered at SBG Portland. Our team is dedicated to your success and we’re excited to help you improve one day at a time. Make the move now and check it out for yourself.

 ### The latest news and articles to keep your mind fit

 ### SBG ARTICLES AND NEWS

 ### The Gorilla Press, Issue 152 Year The gift of violence is here! Read rickson’s review Book update. First off, I want to thank everyone for their interest and patience. Like every

 Read More »

 ### The Gorilla Press, Issue 146 Paul Sharp On MDOC 2 “ YO Heading to Dallas this weekend to teach MDOC 2.0⁣ What is MDOC 2.0? And why call it 2.0? ⁣ First a little history. In 1999 I introduced the combatives world to the Helmet aka the Default Cover. You can see this documented in the original ISR Matrix instructionals […]

 Read More »

 ### The Gorilla Press, Issue 145 SBG Texas Leading The Way In New SBG Territory This sends a strong message to anyone who believes that you need a competition oriented gym

 Read More »

 ### Martial Arts Training For Everyone

 In SBG everyone is welcome, 45-year-old professors, 53-year-old attorneys, 22-year-old MMA fighters, women, children. Our training is designed to fit everyone’s needs and our coaches welcome anyone who want to learn regardless of age, experience, or athleticism or lack thereof.

 ## Quality Fitness Training

 Training with us not only gives you practical self-defense skills, but it will get you into kick-butt shape — FAST. The total-body exercises that coincide with martial arts training help you develop functional lean muscles, and NOT bulky do-nothing muscles. You’ll become a lean, mean, fighting machine.

 Get Started

 ### Passion & Comradery

 SBG family has over 50 locations around the world, and can be found on every continent. Joining this gym also means you become a part of this family. By being a member of our team you’ll experience the passion, excitement, and team spirit that’s committed to helping each other improve each and every day!

 ### Practical Applications

 Our instruction is based on basic fundamental principles and techniques allowing you to improve as quickly as possible. These lessons give you physical and mental preparation for life, the street, or the cage. Our professionals ensure you get the most out of your training.
