---
source_url: http://www.ursaacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://ursaacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:16.972Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes In Ann Arbor ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from URSA Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Learn How To Ground Grapple And More With Our BJJ Classes In Ann Arbor Whether you're training for competition, hoping to get in great shape, OR BOTH, we've got what you're looking for at URSA Academy in Ann Arbor.
 Our BJJ Classes are the best total-body workout in town, offering you a high-energy way to build strength and burn fat while you learn the ins and outs of this incredible discipline.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is built around the concept that a smaller, weaker fighter can overcome a bigger, stronger opponent with the help of proper leverage and technique. See if you've got what it takes today!

 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Build Your Skills From The Ground Up With Our BJJ Classes In Ann Arbor There's no better way to master every element of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu than with the help of our skilled instructors. In our GI and No-Gi BJJ Classes, you'll learn how to develop leverage over an opponent and use that leverage to your advantage during both standing and ground grappling.
 At URSA Academy, we are proud to train men and women of all skills and abilities, helping you learn this incredible discipline with scaleable exercises and support every step of the way.
 In no time, you'll learn skills like:
 - Throws and takedowns - Chokes, joint locks, and holds - Submission strategies - Defensive leverage techniques
 ## PLUS Our BJJ Classes Can Help You Get In Great Shape Fast Because our BJJ Classes in Ann Arbor are high-energy and always exciting, you'll keep your heart racing from start to finish. And with the help of our targeted exercises, you'll build lean muscles that serve you in every position you find yourself in.
 Ditch the static training of your big box gym and build a more functional strength today with the help of our BJJ classes
 Students quickly develop:
 - Toned muscles and explosive power - A strong, stable core - Boosted speed and agility - Increased cardiovascular endurance
 ## Take The First Step Today - Learn More About Our BJJ Classes In Ann Arbor! Whether you're looking for a great workout or just hoping to sharpen your self-defense skill, our BJJ Classes in Ann Arbor are perfect for you.
 Learn how to use every inch of your body to gain leverage over an opponent and push yourself like never before to build total-body strength and agility.
 Get started today or learn more about everything we have to offer at URSA academy by simply filling out the short form on your screen!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Ann Arbor's Premier Jiu Jitsu Academy Request information

 Been training at URSA for 13+ years. Amazing people, outstanding instruction, and overall great place to train. Not your meathead fight gym at all. Place has an incredible cross-section of society on the mats. Guys like me who work in the auto industry, doctors, lawyers, students, teachers, you name it and we have them here at URSA.

 If you're thinking about getting into jiu jitsu, this is the place. Don't settle for a fly by night gym run by someone who does it part time.

 URSA is a great place for jujitsu training. The community is incredibly friendly, and everyone supports each other in learning and improving their technique. The atmosphere is welcoming and motivating, no matter your experience level.

 Our daughter Lilly has been attending URSA for the past 6 months, and my husband has been part of the academy for 6 years. They both absolutely love it. URSA has created such a welcoming and supportive environment, it’s clear that respect, focus, and growth are at the heart of everything they do. Lilly has already gained so much confidence in a short amount of time, and she always looks forward to going to class. The instructors are fantastic, engaged, encouraging, and truly invested in their students. We’ve seen such a positive impact, not only in skills but in attitude and mindset. It’s definitely been worth the investment, and we’re so grateful to have found such a special place for both of them.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
