---
source_url: http://www.ursaacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://ursaacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:17.312Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts Classes In Ann Arbor ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from URSA Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Boost Your Child's Confidence And Teach Them Vital Life Skills With Our Kids Martial Arts Classes There is nothing more important than self-confidence for young children as they face the many challenges that come with growing up. At URSA Academy, our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Ann Arbor help students of all ages and backgrounds build themselves up through accomplishment and achievement.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes focus primarily on Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and allow students of all experience levels the change the develop coordination and strength while they learn vital life skills.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Help Your Child Feel Pride In Themselves With Our Kids Martial Arts Classes It's easy for some children to feel doubt and discouragement. But at URSA Academy, we help students rise above those feelings with the excitement and energy of our Kids Martial Arts Classes.
 Your child doesn't need to be the next world champion to succeed with us. Instead, they are given every opportunity to build their skills one step at a time on the path long-lasting pride and incredible Brazilian Jiu Jitsu skill.
 In our Kids Martial Arts Classes, your child can quickly develop:
 - Character traits like respect, discipline, and perseverance - Valuable teamwork and leadership skills - A great group of new friends - Unwavering confidence in everything they do
 ## PLUS Kids Martial Arts Classes Build Physical Tools That Can Carry Over Into Any Sport Or Hobby That's right, the skills your child learns in our Kids Martial Arts Classes aren't limited to just the dojo.
 With every step forward your child takes in our BJJ program, they can be proud of the physical tools they have developed. From the baseball field to the basketball court or whatever your child is interested in 10 years down the road, our Kids Martial Arts Classes will set them up for success in anything they do.
 We help students build:
 - Strength and coordination - Speed and agility - Dexterity and hand-eye coordination - Lifelong habits of physical activity
 ## Treat Your Child To The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Ann Arbor Today! Don't let your child face life without confidence and the foundational tools they need to be successful. Surround them with positive influences and a team of instructors who truly care about their success at URSA Academy.
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Ann Arbor or to get started today, all you have to do is fill out the short form on your screen now!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Ann Arbor's Premier Jiu Jitsu Academy Request information

 Been training at URSA for 13+ years. Amazing people, outstanding instruction, and overall great place to train. Not your meathead fight gym at all. Place has an incredible cross-section of society on the mats. Guys like me who work in the auto industry, doctors, lawyers, students, teachers, you name it and we have them here at URSA.

 If you're thinking about getting into jiu jitsu, this is the place. Don't settle for a fly by night gym run by someone who does it part time.

 URSA is a great place for jujitsu training. The community is incredibly friendly, and everyone supports each other in learning and improving their technique. The atmosphere is welcoming and motivating, no matter your experience level.

 Our daughter Lilly has been attending URSA for the past 6 months, and my husband has been part of the academy for 6 years. They both absolutely love it. URSA has created such a welcoming and supportive environment, it’s clear that respect, focus, and growth are at the heart of everything they do. Lilly has already gained so much confidence in a short amount of time, and she always looks forward to going to class. The instructors are fantastic, engaged, encouraging, and truly invested in their students. We’ve seen such a positive impact, not only in skills but in attitude and mindset. It’s definitely been worth the investment, and we’re so grateful to have found such a special place for both of them.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
