---
source_url: http://www.renzograciemartinsburg.com/programs
final_url: https://www.renzograciemartinsburg.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:09.997Z
---

## Programs

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu At Renzo Gracie Martinsburg our primary mission is for BJJ students to understand and learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu through an exciting process that combines instruction, observation, practice, appropriate feedback, live training and, if desired, competition.

 Our adult program is designed to create a learning program for not just the beginner, but also the seasoned veteran of the art.

 We offer both Gi and No-Gi classes and encourage all of our students to attend both to get a better foundation and understanding of the art in all its forms

 Join a Class
 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu What does it take to be a champion? Can martial art support a parent's instruction?

 To excel in any endeavor, individuals need to have a strong set of values and a solid character that gives them perseverance to achieve his or her goals. The Renzo Gracie Martinsburg Future Champions Program was created to provide children ages 3-15 with an environment that allows them to experience and understand core values like focus, discipline, persistence, cooperation and respect.

 As a contact sport, Renzo Gracie Martinsburg Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu provides a very challenging yet safe and caring environment for a child to mature towards a real life champion.The outcome of continued childhood practice of RGM BJJ goes far beyond the accomplishments on the mats. The discipline and excellence demanded by our instructors often carries over to the child's behavior at home and at school.

 Join a Class

 - Adults Jiu Jitsu - Kids Jiu Jitsu

 Select a program to learn more about it.
