---
source_url: http://toledojiujitsu.com
final_url: https://toledojiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:42.973Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 # only $40.00 a month for 16 and under and 100.00 per month for over 16 month attend as many times as you want open 25 years in toledo
 Secure Your First Class

 ## ####

 ## Kids BJJ

 Learn more Sign up

 Adults BJJ

 Learn more Sign up

 Open Mat

 Learn more Sign up

 Our story ### IS ABOUT GRIT, PERSEVERANCE, AND PATIENCE.
 ##### Learn timeless and effective Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes from BJJ Black Belts themselves. We are specialized in beginners thru advanced, kids bullyproof and self-defense. We have students from ages 4 years and up. Our programs are designed by IBJJF certified 4th degree BJJ Black Belt and former ISJJA World Champ, Chris Blanke. We have over 25 Brown and Black Belts currently training! It is the national headquarters of Badger Style BJJ. We have produced over 40 World Titles out of our 4000 square foot facility! We are your choice for traditional martial arts in a fun, safe and clean environment - you will not be disappointed!

 Besides all the martial arts aspects, we will help your child with BULLYPROOF , self-discipline, fun games and SELF-DEFENSE. We help guide teens and adults to UNLOCK THEIR POTENTIAL . Sign up today!

 Secure Your First Class

 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU CLASSES THAT GO BEYOND JUST PHYSICAL FITNESS! ###
 ### PRACTICE RESPECT, DISCIPLINE, AND COURAGE

 ### LEARN HIGHLY EFFECTIVE SELF-DEFENSE TECHNIQUES

 ### DEVELOP RESILIENCE, BRAVERY, AND STRENGTH

 ## ####

 THE FINEST PLACE FOR BJJ CLASSES ### FOR LONG-LASTING RESULTS
 1. ### A SAFE AND ENCOURAGING ENVIRONMENT WHERE YOU CAN PERFORM YOUR BEST

 2. ### A PERSONALIZED APPROACH TO HITTING FITNESS TARGETS THROUGH INDIVIDUAL-FOCUSED FEEDBACK

 3. ### INTERACTIVE AND HONEST COMMUNICATION FOR ANY NEEDS, WORRIES, OR PREFERENCES

 4. ### PRACTICALITY AND CONVENIENCE THROUGH DEPENDABLE MOBILE APP, SMS, AND EMAIL SUPPORT

 5. ### LONG-TERM RESULTS TO YOUR MIND, BODY AND WELL-BEING THROUGH HIGHLY EFFECTIVE JIU-JITSU CLASSES

 1.

 SET YOUR GOALS

 2.

 GET FOCUSED

 3.

 TRAIN HARD

 4.

 PRACTICE PERSEVERANCE

 5.

 EXPERIENCE THE RESULTS

 THE ACADEMY: Get to know our facilities that will boost your progress. ### We now have over 40 World Titles out of our Academy and Over 20 Black Belts and Brown Belts train with us on a regular basis!
 ### 4000 square feet state of the art facility which includes 1750 square feet of mat space Train at your utmost convenience and comfort. Our space is your BJJ playground and we're here to see you thrive and win!

 ### Cardio equipment, 2 drinking fountains, WIFI, 2 bathrooms, 2 personal showers, and Male and Female Locker Rooms These facilities will help you get focused, organized, and motivated to keep going! We only choose the best for our students.

 ### Unwavering support from our instructors and colleagues We're not just about physical fitness - we value brotherhood, camaraderie, and sportsmanship!

 ### Get to know your future trainers!
 ### CHRIS BLANKE
 Instructors

 ### MARK LOWE
 Instructors

 ### Randy Patterson
 Instructors

 ##
