---
source_url: https://www.animusgrappling.com/our-programs
final_url: https://animusgrappling.com/our-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:48.107Z
---

# Our Programs ### Youth
 Our programs for children are curated based on age. However we are mindful that children mature at different rates physically, cognitively and emotionally; and strive to make jiu jitsu accessible to all children. From learning to follow simple direction and imitate motor movements in our Little Rollers classes to learning advanced sequences of techniques in the Juniors and Teens program, we are confident that time your child spends learning jiu jitsu is an investment in their future.

 #### Little Rollers (3-4 years old)

 #### Mighty-Mite (5-7 years old)

 #### Pee-Wee (8-9 years old)

 #### Juniors (10-12 years old)

 #### Teens (13-15 years old)

 ### Adult
 Our jiu jitsu instruction for adults begins with a 16-week curriculum in our Foundations course, where we cover the fundamental positions of the art. Techniques in all classes are taught in an organized, step-by-step fashion and we are happy to accomodate and elaborate as needed based on their level of the students in the class.

 #### Foundations
 All levels of practitioners welcome!

 #### Advanced
 Building upon the Foundations with a more meticulous and intricate practice of the art.

 #### No Gi/Wrestling
 Taking the principals that are learned in the gi and translate them to work without the reliance of grips of the gi.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
