---
source_url: https://www.animusgrappling.com
final_url: https://animusgrappling.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:48.577Z
---

## Welcome # Jiu Jitsu Self Defense Fitness Wrestling Jiu Jitsu Self Defense Fitness Wrestling Jiu Jitsu Self Defense Fitness Wrestling Jiu Jitsu Self Defense Fitness Wrestling

 Schedule Your Free Intro

 ## About Animus Grappling #### Our Vision #### Our Founders #### Our Founders
 We strive to ensure that anyone that walks through our doors will find what they are looking for - whether it be improving physical fitness, learning self defense, losing weight, increaseing confidence or embarking on a competitive jiu jitsu career - we at Animus Grappling are here to serve and guide you on your journey.

 #### Our Founders #### Our Founders #### Our Founders
 Professors Amanda & Gabriel share an in-depth knowledge of jiu jitsu and seek to help others achieve their goals - on and off the mat. Their true passion is teaching and a love of life-long learning and personal development. Learn more about their individual accomplishments here .

 #### Our Facility #### Our Founders #### Our Facility
 Located in beautiful and idyllic Montrose, California - our training grounds cover 3000 square feet of bright and airy space. For directions and parking instructions, click here .

 ## Discover Our Programs #### Youth #### Adults - Foundations #### Adults - Foundations
 Designed as a gentle introduction to jiu jitsu for our youngest grapplers. Improve discipline, listening skills, imitation of gross motor movements and socialization with peers, all while learning a fun and functional martial art.

 #### Adults - Foundations #### Adults - Foundations #### Adults - Foundations
 Improve physical conditioning, mental acuity and learn technical jiu jitsu moves for sport and self defense. We follow a No experience necessary!

 #### Adults - Advanced #### Adults - Foundations #### Adults - Advanced
 Take your game to the next level through an in-depth exploration of more advanced jiu jitsu techniques. Implement moves you have learned in foundations under resistance during live training sessions with other students. Participation in this class is restricted to white belts 3 stripes and above.

 #### Law Enforcement #### Private Training #### Adults - Advanced
 We believe that jiu jitsu for law enforcement should be the backbone of defensive tactics. Discounted memberships and special small group lessons available for our local peacekeepers.

 #### Women's Only #### Private Training #### Private Training
 Starting jiu jitsu can be intimidating, but it doesn't have to be! Learn the gentle art with other like-minded women in a safe and nurturing environment.

 #### Private Training #### Private Training #### Private Training
 Take your game to the next level as you troubleshoot positions 1:1 with one of our qualified professors. Ideal for busy students as classes can be scheduled outside of typical class times.

 ## Class Schedule All classes are in the gi, unless otherwise noted.

 For a PDF version of the schedule, CLICK HERE

 #### No upcoming events.

 ## TESTIMONIALS #### Don "For me and my wife, our marriage is a lot stronger because of this..."

 #### Clarissa "I was super nervous about signing up....but this group of women are so encouraging, I just feel the love and the support"

 #### Shawn "It's good to go with people that don' want to hurt you but are willing to push the pace"

 ## Register for your free class today!

 ## Follow us on social for updates.

 ## Want more information?

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
