---
source_url: https://www.jcmuaythai201.com
final_url: https://jcmuaythai201.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:20.795Z
---

Unleash Your
 # Inner Fighter
 Empowering Minds & Bodies Through the Art of Muay Thai

 Enroll Now

 Unleash Your
 # Inner Fighter
 Empowering Minds & Bodies Through the Art of Muay Thai

 Enroll Now

 ## Empower Yourself with Us

 ### Learn Self-Defense Skills and the art of MUAY THAI

 ### Fitness through Martial Arts

 ## Join Us for Muay Thai Training
 We are passionate about the art of Muay Thai and the life-changing benefits it can bring. Our team at JC MUAY THAI is dedicated to helping individuals of all backgrounds and skill levels. With our beginner Muay Thai classes, we help individuals improve their physical fitness and learn effective self-defense techniques. For those with the drive, we help them pursue the path of becoming a future fighter. Proudly serving Jersey City, Hoboken, and North Bergen.

 ## Our Instructors
 Our experienced instructors bring a wealth of knowledge from their fighting and teaching careers.
 Head coach Jacques Preira started to train martial arts as a teenager. After exploring the world of mma, he dedicated himself to Muay Thai and start to train to compete 18 years ago. A dozen of amateur fights and competitions later, he changed direction and headed toward training people in order to build fighter and promotes Muay Thai.
 Coach Ricardo Rangel has been training for 5 years. A dedicated and still active fighter, “Ricky” has 3 belts (included a ISKA national) in different weight class weight categories. Still on his way to greater professional fights, he also helps train beginner fighters on their way to the ring.
 Nutritionist Lazaro “Laz” Rodriguez offers a side program that helps our fighters cut weight before fights but can also help you reach you goals, weither you are looking to gain or loose muscle or weight.
