---
source_url: http://www.ginsbergacademy.com
final_url: https://www.ginsbergacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:29.735Z
---

### "The effort Dave puts into constant consideration of safety pays off. It starts at the top and becomes a school of culture. I've trained in a lot of dojos and Ginsberg Academy is the safest and most positive I've experienced." #### -Ben graduate of Harvard Divinity School

 Contact Us
 Contact Us

 ## Classes

 ### Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### MMA

 ### Kickboxing

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 View Schedule
 View Schedule

 ### "Coach Dave is amazing. I’ve been a student of his since I was 14 and helped me lose weight, excel in school/college, and win the world championships! Whether you’re looking to lose weight or compete, are a beginner or an expert coach Dave can help you achieve your goals!" #### - Mike Harmon

 ## Play and do no harm.

 ## FAQs

 #### What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art, combat sport, and a self defense system that focuses on grappling on the ground. BJJ is unique in that its ethos is not about striking and power, but technique and strategy, using superior positioning and leverage to overcome brute strength. This makes BJJ uniquely effective for all body types and conducive to long term practice, physical wellness, and longevity.
 #### What should I wear to class? A ‘gi’ (jacket and pants) is advisable. In the meantime, wear comfortable clothing that is not baggy, and with no exposed zippers or buttons. It is advisable to wear long pants and long sleeves.
 Bring a water bottle.
 Wear a mouthpiece and cup, if applicable.
 #### Are there any gym rules? THE GOLDEN RULE: Always respect your body and your feelings, as well as those of your partner’s, teammate’s and anyone on the mat.
 Please refrain from swearing on the mat and from superfluous conversation during class.
 Practice techniques with control, lightness, flow and communicate with your partner about comfort-level and intensity.
 Please only sit on the couch in dry clean clothes.
 Beginners should not spar unless given permission by Coach Dave.
 #### What makes Ginsberg Academy different from other schools? We circle up and bow-in at the beginning and end of each class. We bow to direct our focus and clarify our intention to train intelligently and effectively. Also, to show respect to ourselves, our training partners, teachers, students and whomever else one may choose to include. As one stands in the team circle, one bows to the center, to one’s own center.
 We say “Team!” when we bow in. We could just as well say “Family!” The point is that while we are practicing, whether learning a submission hold, playing tag or drilling a technique or, eventually, ‘rolling’ (controlled sparring), we are not in a competition. This is not a ‘fight club’. We are taking care of ourselves and one another. We will only do a move or movement if we are sure it will cause no harm to our partner. Note, even in sparring, we have partners, not opponents.

 #### What should I expect from my first class? A class generally consists of a light warm-up, jiu jitsu-specific solo movements, M-100’s which is an in-house-created exercise circuit lasting about 3 minutes, 1 to 3 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques, and 3 to 6 rounds of drilling the techniques and/or optional light sparring.
 Expect to sweat. Drink water often. After class, you are encouraged to take a few minutes to cool down, lightly stretch, or relax. Then shower with hot soapy water!
 Please note: if you have any condition, injury, ache or concern, please notify the instructor and do not attempt to push yourself in any way that is not healthy for you! Proper training makes us stronger and healthier.
 #### What if I don’t feel comfortable with an exercise or training partner? Advocate for yourself. Be your own boss. Don’t do a move, technique or exercise if it does not feel right, safe, constructive
 Always be empowered to choose your drilling partner, to choose not to do a move or technique, and to choose not to partner up with someone.
 Everyone is here to support you. Don’t waste energy feeling self-conscious if you can’t keep up during an exercise circuit or learn a move as quickly as it seems someone else does.
 Always remember that the exercises and techniques exist to make you stronger; if any exercise or technique does not feel safe and constructive to you, don’t do it.
 #### What if I arrive late to class? If you arrive late for class and miss the group bow-in, bow on the mat and slowly, quietly do 50 squats and 25 push-ups (or other exercises if these are not good for you) at your own pace for your warm-ups.
