---
source_url: https://danielgracieacademy.com/?utm_source=google-my-business
final_url: https://danielgracieacademy.com/?utm_source=google-my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:14.983Z
---

Skip to content GET READY

 ## Welcome to Daniel Gracie Academy

 Where we don’t just teach Jiu Jitsu, we transform lives. Our academy is not just about techniques and skills, it’s about building confidence, resilience, and a stronger you. We sell confidence through the art of Jiu Jitsu.

 GET A FREE TRIAL

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL NOW

 ## Introducing Us

 ## Your Partners in Jiu-Jitsu Excellence

 ## Be confident enough to accept your failure.

 CLAIM YOUR FREE TRIAL

 Welcome to the Daniel Gracie Academy! I’m Frankie Passos, the Head Coach here, and it’s my honor to lead a team of incredibly dedicated instructors. Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a sport; it’s a way of life that teaches discipline, respect, and resilience. My journey in martial arts has been transformative, and it’s a privilege to share this journey with each one of you.
 Here at Daniel Gracie Academy, we’re committed to providing an environment where every student can achieve their full potential. Whether your goal is to compete at the highest level, improve your fitness, or simply be part of a supportive community, we’re here to guide and support you.

 #### Frankie Passos
 Black Belt 3nd Degree and Head Instructor of Daniel Gracie Academy Northborough MA

 ### Adult Classes "Discover our Adult Classes, designed to enhance Jiu-Jitsu skills in a focused and mature setting. Suitable for all levels, these classes blend technique, physical conditioning, and strategy, within a vibrant and welcoming community.

 ### Kids Classes A fun and safe environment for young learners to explore Jiu-Jitsu. Tailored for children of all ages, these classes focus on building discipline, confidence, and teamwork, while instilling a lifelong love for physical fitness and martial arts.

 ## Our Value

 ## Always be ready to learn something new

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL

 ## Class Program

 ## Get the training under best trainers

 Our dedicated instructors bring a wealth of experience and a personalized approach to ensure you achieve excellence in technique, fitness, and mental strength.

 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## Price Package

 ## Join our membership

 Become part of a passionate community dedicated to Jiu-Jitsu excellence. Enjoy exclusive access to our comprehensive classes, expert coaching, and a supportive network of fellow enthusiasts. Start your journey with us today and embrace the transformative power of martial arts.

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL

 ## Champions are made not born

 We believe in cultivating champions through dedication, training, and perseverance. Our program is designed to unlock your potential, teaching not just techniques but also the mindset needed to excel both on and off the mats.

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL

 ## Meet Our Trainer

 ## Get the training under best trainers

 Their dedication to your growth ensures you receive the finest training, fostering your development into a skilled and confident practitioner.

 ## Our Expertise

 ## Fighting is not a physical thing, it is spiritual

 At Daniel Gracie Academy, our expertise is deeply rooted in the esteemed Gracie family tradition of Jiu-Jitsu. Guided by the principles and techniques pioneered by the Gracie lineage, our team, led by the skilled Frankie Passos, provides training that embodies this rich heritage. We are dedicated to upholding the legacy of the Gracie family, combining their time-tested methods with contemporary strategies to offer a well-rounded Jiu-Jitsu education. This commitment to the Gracie tradition ensures that our students receive not just skillful training but also an understanding of the philosophy and history behind this revered martial art, preparing them for a journey of both physical prowess and personal development.

 ## Reviews

 ## What they say about us

 Discover what our students and community say about us. Real testimonials reflecting the impact of our training, the quality of our coaching, and the strength of our Jiu-Jitsu family. Join us and be part of the story.

 × ## BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL
