---
source_url: http://amagmma.com
final_url: https://amagmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:32.759Z
---

## American Martial Arts Gym

 Schedule a Free week

 Menu

 ## Elite MMA and Self-Defense Training

 ### We enhance confidence, physical fitness, and mental resilience for long-lasting results.

 Start Training Today!

 #### Adult Martial Arts Training

 ### At AMAG we welcome adults of all ages and skill levels to discover the transformative power of martial arts. Our adult program offers a dynamic and engaging training experience that goes beyond physical fitness

 Learn More

 #### Youth Martial Arts Training

 ### Our Youth martial arts program is designed to instill valuable life skills in children while fostering their physical strength and mental discipline. Led by experienced and caring instructors, our classes blend the excitement of martial arts with essential character development.

 Learn More

 #### Private Lessons

 We offer exclusive One-on-one private martial arts lessons tailored to your individual needs and goals. Our private lessons provide an unparalleled opportunity to accelerate your progress and achieve remarkable results.

 Learn More

 Beginner boxing classes
 Learn the essential fundamentals of boxing, including basic stances, footwork, and punch techniques, all while gradually building your stamina and strength in a fun, energetic environment.

 Learn More

 Click Here

 ### About us

 ###### American Martial Arts Gym (AMAG): Maryland’s Premier Destination for Exceptional Martial Arts Training. With a focus on inspiration and motivation, we guide every individual to tap into their utmost potential, both in the gym and in life.

 - Jiujitsu Grappling - Boxing - Kickboxing - Self Defense

 ### Contact us

 Don’t miss out on our exclusive offer! Claim your free week of MMA training now your first week is on us. What are you waiting for? Unleash your potential today!”

 Schedule Now

 ## Contact us for a free week today!!

 Send

 (301) 535-3501
 Waldorf:
 11805 Pika Dr, Waldorf, MD 20602
 Mechanicsville :
 27912 Budds Creek Rd, Mechanicsville MD 20659
 Please submit your information to receive details on all our programs

 Youtube Instagram Twitter
