---
source_url: https://www.kravmagagilbert.com
final_url: https://kravmagagilbert.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:37.332Z
---

## Gracie Humaita Jiu-Jitsu is here! ### Want to train with the best in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, look no further than the original Gracie Humaita

 # See Why Our Self-Defense Program Is The Talk Of The Town!

 ## ## LIMITED TIME OFFER Kids martial arts

 CLINCH DIRTY BOXING

 krav maga

 gracie jiu-jitsu

 ## 14 Days for $14 We are so confident that you will LOVE our program that we are offering you a 14 day trial for only $14 to reap the benefits of martial arts training for yourself or your children. Space is limited so reserve your spot today !

 # join our list # & receive monthly specials! For more information on our one-time web special and to receive our newsletter, please complete the form. As our GIFT, we will send you a very special offer. We look forward to seeing you on the mat!

 - * First Last - Mobile Phone* - Email* - Select a Program*Select a ProgramKrav Ninjas (ages 4-6)Kids Krav Maga (ages 7-13)Gracie Ninjas (ages 4-6)Gracie Kids (ages 7-13)Teen/Adult Krav MagaBrazilian Jiu-JitsuPrivate Lessons - NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 ## WHO WE ARE ## ## Creating Positive Choices for Your Children We are parents just like you. Having designed our program around the things that we wanted to see for our children – Discipline, Respect for Others and Self-Esteem. Come and see why we are Arizona’s leader in teaching Character Development for Children, reinforcing the values you teach at home.
 We are looking forward to working with you and your family!
 ## Why Choose Us Come see why our program has been rated #1 in Gilbert!
 With classes available in the arts of Krav Maga, Taekwondo, Fitness Kickboxing, Muay Thai Kickboxing, Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Self-Defense, our facility has a program that will be just right for you.
 Our academy offers group lessons for both kids and adults, as well as private/semi-private lessons. We have both morning and evening classes available to fit your schedule.

 ## Our Values Here at Next Level, we strive to provide the best instruction and education through the teachings of our Core Values.
 - Respect For Ourselves And Others - Discipline to Make The Right Decisions - Courtesy To Treat People How You Want To Be Treated - Courage To Stand Up For What You Believe - Perseverance To Continue When Things Get Tough
 ## Our Mission The goal of Next Level Krav Maga & Gracie Humaita Jiu Jitsu is to help our students develop, grow and improve both physically and mentally through progression in martial arts, kickboxing, and fitness training.

 #### Joseph Edmondson Master Instructor / Head Coach

 # 50+ Years ##### professional experience

 # 5 stars ##### Facebook Rating

 # 10,000+ ##### RANKED STUDENTS

 # Every Day! ##### Helping you on your journey

 ## WHAT WE DO Here at Next Level Fitness & Martial Arts in Gilbert, home of Gracie Humaita Jiu-Jitsu; we specialize in group and private training to teach you and your family the techniques that will help you grow and keep you safe.
 Whether you want to get in great shape, learn to defend yourself and your loved ones, or you just want to break your normal routine; we have a program for you. We teach people of all backgrounds, skill levels, shapes, and sizes. Our system helps you to defend yourself if you are in a violent situation of any kind. We are experts in children/adult training that builds confidence and overall awareness.
 Want to be efficient in your life? Then train with us and get your self-defense, fitness, and fun so you make the most of your time!

 # Meet The Next Level Fitness Coaching Staff ### Grand Master Joseph Edmondson, Professor Quan Phu, Master Royler Gracie, and Master Itay Gil ### ### ABOUT US Next Level Fitness & Martial Arts has been proudly serving our community since 1995. We pride ourselves in having highly trained staff and our state-of-the-art facility. In order to give you the best experience while training here at World Champions, we focus on:
 Knowledge and Experience
 Our coaching staff has spent numerous hours, days and years perfecting their craft, making them skilled at the martial arts, but they didn’t stop there. Knowing martial arts and teaching it are two different things and our team takes extreme pride in providing the absolute best experience for you and your loved ones.
 A Safe Environment
 At our facility, we take pride in keeping up with only the best in protective equipment and training gear. When performing a physical activity, we try our best to reduce the risk of injury and training in a safe environment reduces that risk while providing a top-notch experience.
 Be a Black Belt in Life
 The martial arts provide us with certain Life Skill benefits such as improved confidence, respect for oneself and others, the discipline to make the right decision and most importantly; the courage to stand up for yourself when needed. These benefits carry over into everything we do giving us a Black Belt attitude at all times.
 See Results
 We all set goals when we start something new and our highly respected team of coaches are here to help you achieve your goals. Whether it be to lose weight, build confidence, learn to protect yourself or just feel better about yourself; we are here to help you. Remember, you get out of something what you put into it. Do your best and the results will come.
 Feel Supported
 From our coaches to your fellow students, you will feel the support 100% of the way. Your journey to Black Belt will be one of the fond memories and when you get there…you will know you earned it.
 Most Importantly…Have Fun
 We teach each class with 3 things in mind. Get a good workout, learn something new and always have fun while doing it. Come join the fun today!

 ### Are you concerned that society is more violent? Be prepared, not scared! People that are training and feeling more confident are less concerned about freezing in a violent encounter, whether at a sporting event, public transportation, jogging/walking, at a social event on travel outside the country, in a parking garage and more. Being bullied at school? We can help your child build the confidence they need to stand up to bullies.

 ### Are you and your family safe in an attack? Let our customized Self-Defense programs teach you and your family the techniques to feel confident and secure in your ability to protect yourselves in a bad situation. Give the gift of confidence today. In real life, you react how you train – come train with the best today!

 # If You Knew KRAV MAGA Could Save Your Life…Would You Want to Learn? # Put Your safety First! ## Stop wishing. start doing. learn krav maga today! GET STARTED TODAY WITH OUR 14-DAYS FOR $14 TRIAL
 MORE INFORMATION

 # The Greatest Gift You Could Give Your Child Is The Gift Of Confidence # See Why Parents LOVE our Kids Martial Arts Program!

 Next Level Fitness & Martial Arts
 4.9 Based on 39 reviews

 Lawrence Betz 17:00 22 Jan 26

 I’ve had the absolute pleasure of consulting with Grand Master Joseph Edmondson on a wide range of self-protection topics. He is incredibly generous with his knowledge and remarkably approachable. GM ... Joe is someone who’s truly “been there and done that,” and he helped clarify several key concepts for me while also offering numerous resources to support my continued development. I’m looking forward to the opportunity to train with him again in the future. read more

 Jessica Clausen 15:19 19 Aug 25

 My 5-year-old daughter wanted to try Jiu Jitsu at Next Level Fitness, so we signed up for the 14-day trial. After just one class, the instructor told us we’d only receive a discount on future classes ... if we signed up that week. Feeling pressured, we enrolled her in a month-to-month membership and paid $200 for a Ghi on top of the first month’s tuition.Three weeks in, my daughter no longer wanted to attend—she found the classes boring, and the limited schedule was hard for our family to manage. When we tried to cancel, we were told there’s a 60-day cancellation policy, even though we were on a month-to-month plan. This policy was never explained up front. When I brought that up, the owner just said, “It’s in the contract.”Now we’re being charged $478 for two full months of classes our child will not be attending. It feels exploitative and unprofessional to charge families for services they’re not using, especially when key policies aren’t communicated clearly. We regret signing up and will not be recommending this facility to anyone. Please read the fine print and be prepared for expensive fees to start. read more

 Trent Tunnicliff 00:02 01 May 25

 Amazing! Coach Quan is great with the Jiu-Jitsu kids & is very knowledgeable. Great experience.

 Nicholas Collier 23:08 30 Apr 25

 Thomas Dowell 21:42 23 Apr 25

 Next Level Fitness is incredible. I bring my students here for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with Quan Phu, and I couldn't be happier with the training, quality of equipment, and welcoming environment. I ... highly recommend NLF! read more

 robert felder 17:58 24 Sep 24

 Alexander Diamond 18:34 25 May 24

 We joined late last year and my son absolutely loves his classes (7-13 year old) taught by Professor Quan. I loved doing martial arts when I was younger and tried to introduce it to my son who wasn't ... interested at first. After getting him interested in some basic exercises and visiting other dojos, he was really hyped after trying out Professor Quan's class and now he looks forward to every lesson and wants to keep this as his main sport. He's made friends, gained more confidence, learned discipline, and is getting stronger each week. Everyone here is friendly and respectful, it's a great place to be. read more

 Chelsey Coleman 00:08 18 Apr 24

 Professor Quan really cares for his students. He teaches them more then just skills. Confidence, mental and physical toughness, monthly vocabulary words and how to respond to their elders when spoken ... to. Love it here! read more

 r estrada 23:10 17 Apr 24

 Coaches are amazing! My grandson looks forward to class. Professor Quan is our favorite!

 Jessica Bush 00:16 16 Apr 24

 I highly recommend Professor Quan for the kids, JiuJitsu classes. He has been a great coach and is fully invested in the kiddos. Not only does he teach the kids self-defense, but he also teaches them ... respect, and great morals, all while making it fun.I’m sure the other coaches are awesome, but we love Coach Quan and highly recommend him!I also appreciate the cleanliness of their gym! The staff is professional, fun and kind. Great place. read more

 # build your child’s confidence ## with our character development program GET STARTED TODAY WITH OUR 14-DAYS FOR $14 TRIAL
 More Information

 # Is Your Current Workout Just Not Cutting It?

 # LEARN REALISTIC SELF DEFENSE WITH CLINCH DIRTY BOXING # get in great shape and have fun ## all while learning to protect yourself GET STARTED TODAY WITH OUR 14-DAYS FOR $14 TRIAL
 More Information

 ## Want to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 # learn to defend yourself today! ## GRACIE bjj is here! GET STARTED TODAY WITH OUR 14-DAYS FOR $14 TRIAL
 More Information

 Point the SnapChat camera at this to add us to SnapChat.
