---
source_url: https://cornerstonejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://cornerstonejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:27.892Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Leander ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Contact me by phone

 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Will Help You Grapple With Any Challenge! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art -- it's a combat sport, a self-defense system, and an effective fitness program. Our team at Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club can help you explore the ins and outs of BJJ and personalize a training program to match your goals. Whether you're hoping to learn to defend yourself and your loved ones, lose weight and build lean muscle, or to prepare for competition, we have your back.
 We welcome everyone of all skill levels, ages and backgrounds from Leander and the surrounding areas. Classes are typically populated with adults who have jobs and busy lifestyles. This means, while we train hard, we are not ego rolling and or trying to win championships on the training mats. We are not a competition gym, but we do compete. We are not only a self-defense focused gym, but we do emphasis practical BJJ with a mindset towards real life. We like to call ourselves "serious hobbyists." We work hard to maintain a community vibe, where everyone is helping each other get better while having a good time. We encourage laughing and having fun while rolling.
 Yes, it will be challenging, but we find ways to make the journey exciting and fun.
 BJJ is founded on the concept of using technique and leverage to overcome size and strength; however, it’s also a total-body workout that can get you fit in very short amount of time. Our classes aim to provide you with the physical and mental strength and stamina that you need to thrive.
 Just fill out the short form on the side of this page to learn more or get started!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Aside from helping you achieve better fitness, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has a wealth of mental and spiritual benefits . By training with us at Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club, you'll get access to a supportive and uplifting community, reduce your stress and anxiety levels in everyday life, and experience boosted energy and higher-quality sleep. And, of course, you'll lose weight and build muscle while learning practical self-defense skills!
 ##### Join us for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and get access to: - Sustainable weight loss & lean muscle gain - Improved confidence & boosted energy - Reduced stress, better sleep, & an awesome community - Compassionate instructors who will guide you to success
 Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club is 100% committed to our community, so whether you're here in Leander or coming to us from Liberty Hill or Georgetown, we can help take your workout to the next level . You'll have so much fun training in Jiu Jitsu that you won't even realize how much you're gaining.
 #### Enroll in Leander's Premier Jiu Jitsu Program Today! No matter whether you're a beginner or a pro, Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club has something to offer everyone. Our team is proud to give our members the best shot at success. Join us in Leander for our next class and see for yourself what our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes can do for you.
 To get started or learn more, just fill out the short form on the side of this screen!
 Get more information now!

 ## Have Fun While Getting in Shape at Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club Request information

 Love this place, been attending for 3+ years. Great place for beginners, great member dynamics in the gym. Miguel is an excellent instructor. He has a group of upper belts that serve as instructors as well who are legit and friendly. Get off your butt and on the mats! 😉 …

 Great place to learn and train. Laid back atmosphere with very knowledgeable instructors.

 Super friendly gym with many knowledgeable practitioners willing to teach you the ins and out of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Lots of times, Gi and No Gi options. Extremely friendly and supportive staff! I have definitely found my new gym to train and grow at.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
