---
source_url: https://cornerstonejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://cornerstonejiujitsuacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:28.272Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Leander ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Contact me by phone

 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club’s Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Fun For All! Our academy in Leander offers Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes by experienced instructors that will not only focus on self-defense skills, but also implement the importance of respect, hard work, and dedication. Incorporating Jiu Jitsu into one’s schedule is proven to show an increase in listening skills, a deeper understanding of core values, and an exceptional boost in teamwork ability. Growing up, kids face a majority of different conflicts they aren’t always sure how to deal with.
 From peer pressure to bullying, our staff makes sure to educate our students on what is expected on and off the mats. The professors of our academy will guide every student step by step through different techniques that will forever keep them safe from any potential attackers or troublesome confrontations. If you’re seeking a program that provides a comfortable and safe environment for your child, we would be more than happy to welcome you to our BJJ family.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more!
 Get more information now!
 #### Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Leander is Great for any Child At Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club, we're proud to offer two separate types of BJJ classes for kids:
 Kids Class: Our kids program provides a comprehensive introduction to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and fun way. We lay a foundation through movement, basic techniques and a variety of games that build discipline, friendship and gross motor skill development. This class includes sparring. No experience necessary. To ensure everyone’s safety we do not accept students under the age of 5 years old.
 Kids Advanced Class: The advanced class for students wanting to learn at a higher level. The class is focused technique and includes more advanced jiu jitsu techniques and drills. Students will cover positions more in-depth and work toward building a more balanced and complete jiu jitsu game. Please note: this class requires instructor approval.
 Whether your child is shy or outgoing, we guarantee Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will have a positive impact on their life. You will see a dramatic difference in your child's confidence, self-discipline, and overall behavior after just a few short sessions. We've helped kids from Leander, Liberty Hill and beyond reap tons of added benefits!
 ##### Just see for yourself how your child will: - Maintain a healthy weight while getting the right amount of physical activity - Meet new friends and mentors - Learn self-defense and bully prevention - Gain improved focus and attention span - And so much more!
 #### Sign Your Child Up Today! If you are interested in enrolling your child in BJJ, please fill out the short form on the side of this page. We look forward to speaking with you soon, and can't wait to start working with your child.
 Get more information now!

 ## Have Fun While Getting in Shape at Cornerstone Jiu Jitsu Academy & Boxing Club Request information

 Love this place, been attending for 3+ years. Great place for beginners, great member dynamics in the gym. Miguel is an excellent instructor. He has a group of upper belts that serve as instructors as well who are legit and friendly. Get off your butt and on the mats! 😉 …

 Great place to learn and train. Laid back atmosphere with very knowledgeable instructors.

 Super friendly gym with many knowledgeable practitioners willing to teach you the ins and out of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Lots of times, Gi and No Gi options. Extremely friendly and supportive staff! I have definitely found my new gym to train and grow at.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
