---
source_url: https://kaizentampa.com
final_url: https://kaizentampa.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:53.324Z
---

- Home - ProgramsFit KickAdult MMABang Muay ThaiBrazlian Jiu JitsuWrestling - CoachesVince McGuinnessAalon Cruz - Class Schedule - Contact Us

 Awaken Your Inner Warrior

 Unlock Your Maximum Potential

 Claim My Free 1 on 1 Now!

 ## A World Class Academy For All Skill Levels

 At Kaizen, we offer comprehensive combat training for individuals of all levels. Whether you're looking to embark on a martial arts journey or simply aiming to enhance your fitness, we have your needs covered. Experience it for free!

 Claim My Free 1 on 1 Now!

 # Our Jiu-Jitsu Services

 Training programs designed to enhance your Jiu-Jitsu skills.

 # Bang Muay Thai

 Uncover the potential of Bang Muay Thai as our classes seamlessly fuse elements from multiple martial arts disciplines, highlighting Muay Thai's formidable effectiveness in self-defense.

 Claim My Free 1 on 1 Now!

 ## Fit Kick

 Elevate your fitness levels while enjoying a dynamic and exhilarating experience in our high-energy Fit Kick class. This session harmoniously blends kickboxing drills and invigorating music, delivering a comprehensive full-body workout that will leave you revitalized and empowered. Join us to cultivate strength, enhance coordination, and boost endurance.

 Claim My Free 1 on 1 Now!

 Advanced MMA Classes

 Elevate your martial arts expertise with our Advanced MMA Classes. Designed for seasoned practitioners and aspiring professionals, these sessions offer an in-depth exploration of mixed martial arts techniques. Sharpen your skills, master complex maneuvers, and engage in high-level sparring and training to take your MMA prowess to the next level. Join us and reach new heights in your martial arts journey.

 Claim My Free 1 on 1 Now!

 ## See What Our Member's Say About Us

 Michael Ruiz

 First gym I trained at. Everyone was super welcoming and knowledgeable. They go out of their way to make sure you're moving up the learning curve. Gym is always clean and it's always good vibes going in.

 Maik-Sebastian Rieffenstahl

 Super clean gym, extremely friendly, open Matt on Sunday’s is super inviting. 14 boxing bags, striking equipment, gym and huge Matt space!
 Great place !

 Ryan Ames

 I’ve been training at Kaizen for about 4 years now and it’s by far the best gym that I’ve trained at by far. The coaches are phenomenal with incredible attention to detail, always making sure that their students are getting the most out of each class. The atmosphere here is incredible, Vince is always improving the gym and classes while constantly seeking feedback from his students. He is one of the few coaches I have seen that truly cares about his students and athletes!

 Claim Your 1-Week Free Trial!

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Answers To Commonly Questions

 #### How Much Are Your Memberships?

 FAQ We have different options depending on your goals, ranging from $129 to $236 a month. We also offer discounts with different packages. We can go into more detail during the intro lesson!

 #### What days are the classes?

 We have classes 7 days out of the week. Our earliest morning class is 9am. Our evening classes are usually around 5:15pm-7:30pm in the evening. We can provide more information at the intro lesson!

 Do you have kids classes?

 No, unfortunately we don’t. We do have some coaches that are great with children that can do one on one lessons. I can have one of them reach out!

 Do you have a fight team?

 Yes! We have a very competitive fight team, amateurs and pros included.

 #### Are we beginner friendly?

 Yes! We’ve cultivated the perfect 6 week program for anyone with little to no experience that focuses on the fundamentals. You’ll never be put into a class where you feel like you don’t belong!

 ##### Contact Us

 contact.us@kaizentampa.com

 863-413-6931

 4304 E Broadway Ave, Tampa FL 33605
