---
source_url: http://hamptonskarateacademy.com/programs/after-school-program/
final_url: http://hamptonskarateacademy.com/programs/after-school-program/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:31.434Z
---

Sign In

 Find out how karate can help improve the quality of your life...
 # Call today! 540.899.7777

 # Menu

 # Fundraising Program Hampton’s Karate Academy happily offers a generous fundraising program for schools, churches, and other organizations. If you are looking to raise money for your organization, look no further… Hampton’s Karate Academy has you covered.
 By offering a two week introductory karate class—at significant savings to participants—your organization can quickly and easily raise money, while providing a valuable service and fun experience for all involved.
 ### Here's how it works: - Your organization keeps 100% of all funds raised - Classes include four lessons over the course of two weeks - All classes are held on location at your organization’s facility - Enrollment for participants in the program is only $20 for all four classes - Graduation ceremony held at Hampton’s Karate Academy following participants’ completion of two week program - Participants receive a white belt during the first class and a special belt at graduation ceremony - Classes teach basic karate techniques and exercises - Homework assignments are given to participants, such as: Respect parents and teachers Clean your room Help out around the home or classroom, without being asked Do things the first time you are told Discipline and practice
 Find out how karate can help improve the quality of your life...
 # Call today! 540.899.7777

 Copyright © 2026, Hampton's Karate Academy. All rights reserved.
 Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Site Map

 Warning : Unknown: open(/kunden/homepages/2/d519777843/htdocs/clickandbuilds/concrete5/MyCMS/files/tmp/sess_5c3c151c3272943d09da4a7d65123808, O_RDWR) failed: Disk quota exceeded (122) in Unknown on line 0

 Warning : Unknown: Failed to write session data (files). Please verify that the current setting of session.save_path is correct (/kunden/homepages/2/d519777843/htdocs/clickandbuilds/concrete5/MyCMS/files/tmp) in Unknown on line 0
