---
source_url: http://www.gbprinceton.com/kids-teens/
final_url: https://gbprinceton.com/kids-teens/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:29.372Z
---

# KIDS AND TEENS JIU JITSU CLASSES

 ## Programs tailored for Kids & Teens

 Our Gracie Barra Kids and Teens program is designed to teach children self-discipline and self-defense. The curriculum is tailored by age group so children of all skill levels can thrive.

 Children and teens of all abilities and skill levels can thrive in Jiu-Jitsu classes at Gracie Barra Princeton. Our Gracie Barra Kids Program is specifically designed to instill self-discipline in children while giving them a unique outlet for self-expression. Our skilled instructors are trained to engage with children and teens, offering gentle guidance as they learn the art of Jiu-Jitsu. Starting at the age of three, children can begin their training at our Gracie Barra location, where they will experience the true values of brotherhood and integrity.
 The GBK program is structured similarly to adult courses, with adjustments made to suit different age groups within the class. Our Jiu-Jitsu classes for children start by laying down the foundational principles necessary for mastering the art. The curriculum is carefully designed to teach children and teens the importance of routine, cooperation, and self-awareness.

 ## Build Your Child's Confidence With Gracie Barra

 At Gracie Barra, we are proud to offer Jiu-Jitsu classes that provide children of all ages with tangible, real-world benefits. Through practicing Jiu-Jitsu, children develop unique skills that other sports may not offer, including enhanced coordination, increased focus and concentration, self-defense, goal setting, confidence, and physical fitness.
 The Gracie Barra Brotherhood offers kids and teens a strong sense of community. We are organized as a team but unite as a family. This approach helps our students build trust and develop leadership skills with every session. At all three of our Gracie Barra Schools, children are taught valuable life skills that they can apply both inside and outside the classroom.
 By joining our Gracie Barra Princeton team for Jiu-Jitsu classes, children will engage in a fitness program unlike any other. Both kids and teens will experience a boost in confidence, improved focus, and essential self-defense skills.
 Contact us today to schedule a free class for your child.

 ## Contact us today for a Trial to get started.​

 START YOUR 7-DAY TRIAL
