---
source_url: http://www.gbprinceton.com/adults/
final_url: https://gbprinceton.com/adults/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:30.880Z
---

# ADULT JIU JITSU CLASSES

 ## Jiu Jitsu Programs For Everyone

 Our adult classes build self-defense skills, improves fitness and connects you with a supportive community that trains and grows together. With structured classes for every experience level, you'll learn proven Gracie Barra techniques and develop confidence on and off the mat

 # Our Programs Based On Skill Levels

 We offer a diverse range of adult Jiu-Jitsu classes at Gracie Barra Princeton, allowing students to choose the course that best meets their needs. Our classes are divided into three tiers, each catering to different levels of skill and knowledge:
 GB1 – Ideal for beginners, this course introduces the fundamentals and principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, along with the essential skills for embracing a Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle.
 GB2 – This course builds on your Jiu-Jitsu foundation, advancing your knowledge and focusing on key principles such as discipline, respect, commitment, and leadership.
 GB3 – Designed to guide students toward Black Belt excellence, this program helps you integrate the lessons from your Jiu-Jitsu training into your everyday life.

 #### Embark on Your Jiu-Jitsu Journey

 Our adult Jiu-Jitsu programs are crafted with each student’s personal journey in mind. When you sign up, your individual goals—whether they’re focused on fitness, self-defense, or personal growth—are taken into account. Our self-defense classes for men and women provide an excellent opportunity to practice real-world techniques while strengthening both your mind and body. At Gracie Barra, students experience not only athletic improvement but also mental growth as they integrate our proven principles into their daily lives.
 Jiu-Jitsu classes at Gracie Barra Princeton are ideal for any adult in the area looking to learn a new skill in a safe, challenging, and family-friendly environment. With programs for all skill levels, you can choose to focus on the fundamentals of BJJ or work towards earning your Black Belt.
 Contact us today to schedule your free class and get started.

 ### Contact us today for a Trial to get started.​

 START YOUR 7-DAY TRIAL
