---
source_url: http://www.gbprinceton.com
final_url: https://gbprinceton.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:31.039Z
---

# WELCOME TO GRACIE BARRA PRINCETON

 JIU JITSU FOR EVERYONE

 Gracie Barra is one of the largest and most trusted names in martial arts today.

 START YOUR 7-DAY TRIAL

 ## GRACIE BARRA PRINCETON, NEW JERSEY

 Gracie Barra is one of the largest and most respected names in martial arts today, renowned for its extensive network and commitment to excellence. What truly sets us apart is our unwavering dedication to helping students progress in their Jiu-Jitsu journey in accordance with their individual abilities.
 Our approach emphasises personalised development, ensuring that each student receives tailored instruction that matches their current skill level. Whether you’re a beginner just starting out or an advanced practitioner aiming for mastery, our structured curriculum and experienced instructors are dedicated to guiding you every step of the way. This commitment to individualised growth not only enhances technical skills but also fosters personal growth and confidence, making Gracie Barra a trusted choice for martial arts training worldwide.

 START YOUR 7-DAY TRIAL

 #### WHO IS IT FOR?

 - A complete beginner (white belt) with no training background who wants to lose weight or learn self-defence - A busy commuter looking for stress relief - A parent searching for an art with discipline and exercise for their child's education - A child or adult wanting to learn anti-bullying techniques and self-confidence - An experienced blue belt aiming to become a world champion and own a Gracie Barra Jiu-Jitsu school one day - Gracie Barra Princeton is the ideal place for the further development of your fighting skills

 #### WHAT IS BJJ?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art built on the foundation of self-defence. It is a grappling combat sport based on throws, ground fighting and submissions.
 Starting in Brazil, it soon became well known worldwide as a combat sport in its own right. Through the adaptations of Gracie Jiu Jitsu, Kodokan Judo and England’s Catch-as-catch-can wrestling, it quickly became an essential foundation martial art for mixed martial arts (MMA).

 About Us

 1900

 #### Gracie Barra PrincetonFounded

 100

 #### Schools Worldwide

 0

 #### ClassesPer Week

 3- 0

 #### StudentsAged Between

 #### OUR PROGRAMS

 We offer everything from Adults and Children’s Brazilian Jiu-jitsu classes to private training sessions with experienced professors and coaches.
 Choose from a variety of Gracie Barra Programs, including:

 Adults Program

 Kids Program

 Women's Program

 VIEW ALL PROGRAMS

 #### OUR FACILITIES

 ##### Princeton

 150 Lawrenceville Pennington Road, Lawrenceville, NJ 08648
 T: 609-622-5116
 E: info@gbprinceton.com

 ##### North Princeton

 4437 Route 27, Princeton, NJ 08540
 T: 609-948-8140
 E: contact@gbprinceton.com
