---
source_url: https://austinkickboxing.com/?utm_source=google_profile&utm_campaign=localo&utm_medium=mainlink
final_url: https://austinkickboxing.com/?utm_source=google_profile&utm_campaign=localo&utm_medium=mainlink
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:14.950Z
---

GET STARTED TODAY > GET STARTED TODAY > TEEN MMA - Muay Thai / Kickboxing / Krav Maga / Jiu Jitsu ADULT MMA - Muay Thai / Kickboxing / Krav Maga / Jiu Jitsu / Hapkido GET STARTED TODAY > GET STARTED TODAY > ## "Thanks to Impact Martial Arts in Austin. my daughter's low self-esteem changed in just a few weeks. Two years later, and she doesn't miss a class!" ## -Kaitlyn Cox

 LITTLE CHAMPS (ages 4-6) - Karate / Tae Kwon Do / BULLY BUSTER / Jiu Jitsu JUNIORS (ages 7-12) - Karate / Tae Kwon Do / Kickboxing / BULLY BUSTER / Jiu Jitsu # Get more Focused, Fit, & Confident

 *We take all Safety Measures to keep our students & families safe.

 IM PACT

 - Focused, Structured, and Fun classes bring out your best! - Top Austin Martial Arts Instruction - Specialized classes for you - ages 4-6, 7-12, Teens & Adults

 ## We're a martial arts school in South Austin that specializes in Karate, Kickboxing, & Jiu Jitsu that brings out your best.

 Get more Focused, Fit, & Confident

 "I heard great things from my friends about this martial arts school, and they were right! I learn so much here, attend every class I can, and am always facing new challenges!
 -Yazet Tripoli

 Schedule Online (Try a regular group class & see if we're a good fit).

 *At Impact Martial Arts              Austin, TX: Book a Free Trial Class > ### OUR SPECIALITIES:

 * Specialized classes & training for ages: 4-6, 7-12, Teens, & Adults
 - Martial Arts styles taught in this MMA Gym in Austin, TX include Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Karate, Krav Maga Self-defense, Jiu-Jitsu, & Hapkido - for all levels - Builds Focus, Confidence, & a "Yes, I can" attitude! - Expert Certified Instructors - Safe family atmosphere - Unlimited Class Schedule w/Individual & Family Memberships available - Located in a great facility - inside SoccerZone!

 ## "I absolutely love Impact Martial Arts! I mostly joined for good workouts and variety - well, it's that and far, far more. I was approached by a man in a parking lot for the wrong reasons - I quickly and effectively reversed the whole situation! Just like we practice in class!! -Lethia Perez

 Choose your class...

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Book a Free Trial Class > Book a Free Trial Class > ##### H5 Heading

 Book a Free Trial Class

 ### First, choose your class...

 ### Little Champions (ages 4-6)

 ### Kids Martial Arts (ages 7-12)

 ### Adult Martial Arts - Muay Thai / Krav Maga / Jiu Jitsu / Kickboxing / MMA

 GET STARTED TODAY > GET STARTED TODAY > GET STARTED TODAY > GET STARTED TODAY > ### Teen Martial Arts - Muay Thai / Krav Maga / Jiu Jitsu / Kickboxing / MMA

 # Top Martial Arts Classes & Training near you in Austin, TX

 Our Specialities:

 - Specialized classes & training for ages 4-6, 7-12, Teens & Adults - Martial Arts styles taught at Impact Martial Arts in Austin, TX include Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Krav Maga Self-defense, Jiu-Jitsu, Hapkido, Kuk Sool, & Karate - for all levels - Expert Certified Instructors - Safe family atmosphere - BULLY BUSTER Training for kids! - Unlimited Class Schedule w/Individual & Family Memberships available... - IMPACT classes are held in the fabulous facility - "Soccer/Zone-South!"

 I’m a text box. Use the Editing menu to format the font, size, color and more of the entire text box. If you want to format individual words and letters, double click the text box, select the text and use the inline text editor.

 ADULT MMA TEEN MMA JUNIORS(ages 7-12) LITTLE CHAMPIONS(ages 4-6) GET STARTED TODAY > ## Choose the class for you.

 Schedule Online Book a Free Trial Class > ##### Inside SoccerZone!

 We'll never share your info. with anyone.

 GET STARTED TODAY > GET STARTED TODAY > GET STARTED TODAY > ## "Thanks to Impact Martial Arts in Austin, our daughter's low self-esteem changed in just a few weeks. Two years later, and she doesn't miss a class!" ## -Kaitlyn Cox

 ## "I heard great things from my friends about this Austin MMA gym, and they were right! I learn so much here, and am always facing new challenges. -James Wright

 ## "I heard great things from my friends about this Austin MMA gym, and they were right! I learn so much here, and am always facing new challenges. -Yazet Tripoli

 ## "I absolutely love Impact Martial Arts Austin! I mostly joined for their Self-defense classes and variety - well, it's that and far, far more. I was approached by a man in a parking lot for the wrong reasons - I quickly and effectively reversed the whole situation! Just like we practiced in class!!! -Lethia Perez

 ### "Teaching martial arts skills, & lessons for life."

 Gain Self-discipline & Focus

 ### Build your Confidence

 ### True confidence comes from achieving & accomplishments. ### We help each of our students set goals in their training. And some of Austin's premier Martial Arts Instructors will be leading & motivating you to accomplish them! Then this confidence can be applied to other areas of your life...
 It's true.
 ### Ask any of our students & parents at Impact MMA in Austin, TX.

 ### Defend yourself & get in Great Shape!

 Focused, fit, exciting, & for real!
 This is it...
 I mpact Kids ages 4-6 & 7-12
 ### Kids learn a structured and exciting curriculum that consists of skills from Karate, MMA, Tae Kwon Do, Bully Buster, Kickboxing & Jiu-Jitsu. Classes are structured & fun! Teenagers & Adults
 ### Learn real fighting skills here. Impact MMA gym in Austin, Texas includes training in Muay Thai Kickboxing, Krav Maga Self-defense, Jiu Jitsu, & Hapkido.

 ### If you're looking for an Austin Martial Arts school - where you / or your child can grow, build self-discipline & focus, & have a great time, read further... ## IMPACT Martial Arts students in South Austin practice with the credo of a true martial artist: Self-Discipline, Focus & and a never give up attitude. Add to that Courtesy & Respect - it is what can make the Martial Arts so special to so many. You'll also meet new friends. As you grow in your martial arts training, many students feel closer bonds with family & others .

 Build Your Confidence

 Gain Self-discipline & Focus

 Build your Confidence

 ## “This has been one of the best things we've ever done for Liam. He is growing up to be a confident, respectful, and happy young man. Impact Martial Arts in Austin has played a major part of that!"

 — Liam's Grandmother

 MARTIAL ARTS
 SUMMER CAMP
 It's Not Too Early to Start Thinking About Summer Camp.

 Our Camp is the Only Camp that Includes these Benefits:
 - Classes with the *Impact Martial Art Curriculum - Leadership Activities - Character Building Games - Bully Buster
 With Different Activity options every day: Athletic Drills & Skills, Indoor Soccer fields!, Basketball, Obstacle Courses, Nerf Wars, Dodgeball, Board Breaking, Crafts, Pizza Friday, the MONSTER WATER SLIDE! and much more!

 - Monday thru Friday 9AM - 2PM - Free Early Drop Off / Late Pickup - Ages 5 and Up(No martial arts experience necessary.)

 Early Registration is Now Open!

 Sign Up Early & Save!
 Call 512-999-3002 to Reserve Your Child's Spot-

 ## Martial Arts * MMA Gym Austin, TX

 Impact

 ## Parents: Give your child new Confidence & a Respectful Attitude!

 Your child will learn the martial arts in a safe, family atmosphere with Expert Instructors.
 ## Every student and family member at Impact Martial Arts in Austin TX is treated with kindness and respect. And the values and example we teach our students, leads them to successes outside the martial arts studio - in all areas of their lives.
 ## Impact Martial Arts Austin, TX is a family oriented martial arts school. You will find students of all ages, shapes, sizes, and skill levels training with us.

 ### Teens & Adults - Learn real fighting & Self-defense skills, +Get in Great Shape!

 ### At Impact Martial Arts you'll start by learning a very effective MMA (Mixed Martial Art) that includes Muay Thai Kickboxing, Jiu-Jitsu, and Krav Maga Self-defense. ### This Austin MMA Gym will also instill in you more Focus, Self-discipline, & improve your level of fitness. You will also gain new Confidence. It's true!
 ### Watch one of our South Austin karate classes and you'll see students quickly developing the positive qualities and life skills of a martial artist. And this is true for students of all ages.
 We accomplish this by stressing the discipline of the traditional martial arts in our classes. Plus our Instructors and Kickboxing trainers are good role models while teaching the very effective IMPACT MMA Training Curriculum.

 Book a Free Trial Class >

 ### At Impact's MMA Gym in Austin, you will learn our MMA Kickboxing & Self-defense training that includes: - Krav Maga (Contact Combat) - Muay Thai (Art of 8 limbs) - Karate (Empty Hand) - JiuJitsu (The Gentle Way) - TaeKwonDo (Art of the Hand & Foot)
 Best of all, you'll build new Confidence , get in great physical condition , make new friends, and get new focus !

 ## Learn the best of the Martial Arts in Austin, TX:

 ## See what others have to say:

 The Kyle family

 "I was looking for an MMA gym near me, and found Impact Martial Arts in South Austin two years ago. My son and I couldn't be happier! The MMA Kickboxing training is both fun and disciplined. The kids really respond to the lessons they teach - the classes are structured and maximize their learning. You can tell the Staff really cares about each student and their progress."

 ##### Clif Murphy

 "I have taken Krav Maga Self-defense and Kickboxing classes at several different schools in Houston, TX over the years. Moving to Austin, I was highly recommended to Impact Martial Arts and their Instructor.
 It's true!
 The school is great and the skill level of my Instructor Steve Doss is off the chart. The classes are upbeat, challenging, and I am learning so much! They strike the perfect balance. I strongly recommend you check out Impact Martial Arts - you won’t be disappointed."

 ##### Donna Hales

 ## Looking to reach your Full Potential?

 (We'll never share your info. with anyone.)

 Schedule Online

 I’m a text box. Double click me to edit the text or to change the way I look. You can change the font, size, color, and more.

 MARTIAL ARTS

 I’m a text box. Double click me to edit the text or to change the way I look. You can change the font, size, color, and more.

 TRAINING

 I’m a text box. Double click me to edit the text or to change the way I look. You can change the font, size, color, and more.

 MENTAL AWARENESS

 I’m a text box. Double click me to edit the text or to change the way I look. You can change the font, size, color, and more.

 MARTIAL ARTS

 I’m a text box. Double click me to edit the text or to change the way I look. You can change the font, size, color, and more.

 TRAINING

 MENTAL AWARENESS

 I’m a text box. Double click me to edit the text or to change the way I look. You can change the font, size, color, and more.

 chOUR MISSION
 Impact Martial Arts is a modern martial arts studio with a mission to inspire our students and our community - to improve each of our student's lives with the best of the martial arts!
 Open since 1984, we are one of Texas' longest running and most popular martial arts schools.
 Call today and book a free trial: 512-999-3002, or book your class here: Class Schedule

 chOUR MISSION
 Impact Martial Arts is a modern martial arts studio with a mission to inspire our students and our community - to improve each of our student's lives with the best of the martial arts!
 Open since 1984, we are one of Texas' longest running and most popular martial arts schools.
 Call today and book a free trial: 512-999-3002, or book your class here: Class Schedule

 (Turn onto the street between AutoZone & O'Rreilly Auto & then go to the end - we're right inside the awesome SoccerZone, the Big Blue building!)

 ##### Steve Doss & Cobra Kai!

 ©2025, IMPACT MARTIAL ARTS AUSTIN TX all rights reserved.

 LOCATION

 FOLLOW US

 CONTACT US

 IMPACT CLASSES

 Impact Martial Arts in Austin, TX has been producing Black Belt leaders since 1984.
 Led by Grandmaster Steve Doss, our students benefit and learn from a highly accomplished martial artist with Advanced Black Belt Rank in five different styles.
 Rated as one of the Top 10 competitors in the World, he competed in and won many Championships and Titles. His vast experience sets our Academy apart.
 Our mission is to improve the daily lives for each of our students through our proven Martial Arts Classes and curriculum, challenging both physical and mental abilities in children, teenagers, and adults.

 LITTLE CHAMPIONS  (ages 4-6) JUNIORS  (ages 7-12) TEENAGERS ADULTS CLASS SCHEDULE We have students throughout Austin, Circle C, Southpark Meadows, Manchaca, Shady Hollow, South Austin, Buda, & in the A.I.S.D. (Austin Independent School District). Book a Free Trial Class > SERVING

 KIDS BIRTHDAY PARTIES Mon - Fri 8:00AM - 8:00PM
 Sat. 8:00AM - 2:00PM

 OPEN HOURS

 info@austinkickboxing.com Impact Martial Arts Austin TX
 9501 Menchaca Rd.
 Austin, TX 78748
 (inside Soccer Zone)

 ABOUT US AustinKickboxing.com 512-999-3002

 × ## What is the best time for you? YOUR INFORMATION IS PRIVATE
 Select Your Class: Little Champions (ages 4-6) Beginning Juniors (ages 7-12) Beginning Teens & Adults
 Select Your Day: Tue Wed Thur Fri Sat
 Select your Time: 6:00

 Sign me up!
