---
source_url: http://www.tensiontribe.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.tensiontribe.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:38.035Z
---

## Elevate Your Training Step onto the mat and embrace the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu. Designed to strengthen both body and mind, this program welcomes participants of all levels whether you're a beginner eager to learn the basics or an advanced member mastering intricate techniques. Engage in dynamic training sessions, build resilience, and connect with a supportive community. Join us and unlock the benefits of discipline, self-defense skills, and enhanced physical fitness through the power of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
 ### Experience the Tension Tribe Way Immerse yourself in the transformative journey at Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu. Our program is crafted to empower you through every grappling session, fostering personal growth and continuous progress. Benefit from expert instruction, personalized coaching, and a strong sense of camaraderie which motivates you to push beyond your limits. Receive unwavering support, sharpen your skills, and elevate your overall health and wellness. Take a step toward a stronger, more confident lifestyle, join us today and begin your journey with Tension Tribe
 ### Achieve Your Fitness Goals At Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu, we invite you to become part of our thriving community where meaningful fitness goals are achieved. We embrace inclusivity, welcoming individuals from all walks of life and providing a space where everyone is valued and supported. Our program offers an enriching, transformative experience that goes beyond physical training, helping you achieve holistic well-being. Seize the opportunity to redefine your fitness journey and discover your full potential with Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu

 ## Questions? We (probably) have the answers!
 What do I wear?Wear comfortable gym clothes that allow you to move freely. We have all the equipment you’ll need on-site. Is it better to wait until I'm in shape?No need to wait. Our training is designed to meet you where you’re at and help you improve gradually. Are there rules I should know prior to coming?Basic etiquette includes being punctual, respectful, and ready to learn. Our team will guide you through everything else! How much are classes?Our membership plans vary to fit different needs and budgets. Contact us for more detailed information. What are the class times?Our schedule is designed to accommodate busy lives, with classes offered throughout the week. This is some text inside of a div block.Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius enim in eros elementum tristique. Duis cursus, mi quis viverra ornare, eros dolor interdum nulla, ut commodo diam libero vitae erat. Aenean faucibus nibh et justo cursus id rutrum lorem imperdiet. Nunc ut sem vitae risus tristique posuere.
 Do I need to have any Martial Arts experience?Absolutely not! We welcome beginners to advanced practitioners. Our coaches will help you find the right pace for you. What are the age groups?We offer classes for kids, teens, and adults, making martial arts accessible to all ages. Can we watch a class before?Yes, you’re welcome to observe a class before joining. Just let us know when you’d like to come by. Do you offer discounts?Yes, we offer various discounts. Ask us for details! Do you have a trial period?Yes, we offer a trial period for to experience what it's like to train with us before making a commitment.

 ## Still curious? Talk to us! (817) 823-7209 Contact us

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of Fort Worth, TX Residents

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Located in the heart of Fort Worth near Arlington, just minutes away from AT&T Stadium, Globe Life Field, and The Parks Mall.
 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu is located and easily accessible from all of Fort Worth.

 This is some text inside of a div block. ### Come visit us 5224 Saunders Rd #300, Fort Worth, TX 76119, United States
 Get Directions

 Fort Worth
