---
source_url: http://www.tensiontribe.com
final_url: https://www.tensiontribe.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:38.853Z
---

Join a Tribe All About Strength, Growth, and Fun!
 Join the Tribe Today!

 Many people find Jiu Jitsu training to be a fun and enjoyable way to stay active and challenge themselves physically and mentally.

 You're not just joining a gym; you're becoming part of a tribe dedicated to growth.

 From Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to Boxing, find the perfect fit for your goals and skill level, guided by experienced coaches.

 The Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program at Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu is a martial arts class where participants learn techniques focused on ground fighting and grappling, emphasizing leverage and submission holds rather than strikes. Students work on developing skills, strength, and agility through controlled sparring sessions and drills. The program is designed to help individuals build confidence, improve fitness levels, and learn self-defense techniques in a supportive and encouraging environment.
 Learn More About Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 The No Gi Grappling program at Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu is a dynamic Martial Arts class focusing on grappling techniques without the traditional kimono attire. Suitable for all levels, participants will learn takedowns, joint locks, and submissions in a fast-paced and intense training environment. The program emphasizes agility, technique, and strategy to enhance students' skills in ground-based fighting scenarios.
 Learn More About No Gi Grappling
 The Boxing program at Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu, offers classes focusing on the art of boxing with an emphasis on defensive techniques, conditioning, and practical boxing skills. Participants learn various punches, footwork, defensive movements, and sparring techniques in a supportive and challenging environment. Students of all levels can join to improve their boxing skills and overall fitness under the guidance of experienced coaches.
 Learn More About Boxing

 01
 ### Schedule Your Free Intro Class Dive into the world of martial arts with a one-on-one or trial class and meet your future coaches.
 02
 #### Come In & Train No experience required! Just show up, step on the mats, and let us take care of the rest.
 03
 #### Become a Tribe Member Loved the trial? Choose your membership and start your transformative journey with us.

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of Fort Worth, TX Residents

 ## Our Tribe is what makes us special and it's what will keep you going
 At Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu, we’re more than just a martial arts gym, we’re a community.

 Located in Fort Worth near Arlington, our academy offers high-level training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Boxing, No-Gi Grappling, and Strength Training for all ages and skill levels.

 We believe in building confidence, discipline, and resilience while keeping training fun, challenging, and rewarding.

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Located in the heart of Fort Worth near Arlington, just minutes away from AT&T Stadium, Globe Life Field, and The Parks Mall.
 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Tension Tribe Jiu Jitsu is located and easily accessible from all of Fort Worth.

 This is some text inside of a div block. ### Come visit us 5224 Saunders Rd #300, Fort Worth, TX 76119, United States
 Get Directions

 Fort Worth

 ## Questions? We (probably) have the answers!
 What do I wear?Wear comfortable gym clothes that allow you to move freely. We have all the equipment you’ll need on-site. Is it better to wait until I'm in shape?No need to wait. Our training is designed to meet you where you’re at and help you improve gradually. Are there rules I should know prior to coming?Basic etiquette includes being punctual, respectful, and ready to learn. Our team will guide you through everything else! How much are classes?Our membership plans vary to fit different needs and budgets. Contact us for more detailed information. What are the class times?Our schedule is designed to accommodate busy lives, with classes offered throughout the week.
 Do I need to have any Martial Arts experience?Absolutely not! We welcome beginners to advanced practitioners. Our coaches will help you find the right pace for you. What are the age groups?We offer classes for kids, teens, and adults, making martial arts accessible to all ages. Can we watch a class before?Yes, you’re welcome to observe a class before joining. Just let us know when you’d like to come by. Do you offer discounts?Yes, we offer various discounts. Ask us for details! Do you have a trial period?Yes, we offer a trial period for to experience what it's like to train with us before making a commitment.

 ## Still curious? Talk to us! (817) 823-7209 Contact us

 Join the Tribe Today!
