---
source_url: http://www.pakskaratelouisiana.com/
final_url: https://pakskaratelouisiana.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:54.603Z
---

- info@pakskarate.com - 318-524-8487

 Menu

 # Best Martial Arts School in Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport

 "An amazing experience." We transform kids into leaders full of discipline and focus. We help adults get fit and safe, fast. And we do it with FUN classes,, action-packed martial arts, and a proven character development program that will provide the guidance needed to raise you or your child to the next level. Start your journey to a better you with the best martial arts training in Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport.

 ## LIMITED TIME OFFER See This Month's Amazing Deal Before It's Gone

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Locations 🔻 Select A Location Bossier City Haughton Shreveport

 Program Bossier 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Tigers Tang Soo Do (Ages 4-5) Flying Tigers Tang Soo Do (Ages 6-7) Basic Program Tang Soo Do (Ages 8-12) Kids Judo/Jiu Jitsu (Ages 7-11) Teen & Adult Tang Soo Do (Ages 13+) Teen & Adult Judo (Ages 12+) Teen & Adult Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 12+) Birthday Parties Summer Camp After School Program

 Program Haughton 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Tigers Tang Soo Do (Ages 4-5) Flying Tigers Tang Soo Do (Ages 6-7) Basic Program Tang Soo Do (Ages 8-12) Kids Judo/Jiu Jitsu (Ages 7-11) Teen & Adult Tang Soo Do (Ages 13+) Teen & Adult Judo (Ages 12+) Teen & Adult Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 12+) Birthday Parties Summer Camp After School Program

 Program Shreveport 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Tigers Tang Soo Do (Ages 4-5) Flying Tigers Tang Soo Do (Ages 6-7) Basic Program Tang Soo Do (Ages 8-12) Teen & Adult Tang Soo Do (Ages 13+) Birthday Parties Summer Camp

 Program
 Location
 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Pak’s Karate Louisiana. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 ## Choose your Pak's Karate Location below to see the full summer camp schedule, theme, field trips, and registration details.

 Click here: Summer Camp Book

 Click here: Summer Camp Book

 Best kids and adults martial arts center in Bossier City. See why hundreds of Bossier City residents love our martial arts classes for their kids. You’ll love our fun, friendly community of students.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Kids Martial Artsin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport Watch your child thrive in our kids' martial arts classes! Each exciting, action-packed session helps build focus, discipline, confidence, and respect, shaping strong character along the way. You'll see your child grow and develop into their best self. There's nothing quite like our kids' martial arts program in Bossier City, Haughton, and Shreveport.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 SHREVEPORT

 ## Kids Judo & Jiu-Jitsuin Bossier City & Haughton “Our kids' Judo and Jiu-Jitsu classes in Bossier City and Haughton teach valuable grappling skills for real-world self-defense while promoting fitness and strength. Through fun group activities, kids develop social skills, and the journey to earning new belts fosters focus, determination, and discipline. These classes equip your child with lifelong tools for success."

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## Teen & Adult Martial Artsin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport “Achieve your fitness goals and learn practical self-defense skills with our teen and adult martial arts classes in Bossier City, Haughton, and Shreveport. With engaging, high-energy sessions and a supportive community of like-minded individuals, you'll find yourself looking forward to every class.”

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 SHREVEPORT

 ## Teen & Adult Judoin Bossier City & Haughton Welcome to the world of Judo in Bossier City & Haughton, a martial art that focuses on throws, takedowns, and grappling techniques. Judo, which means "gentle way," emphasizes using an opponent's strength and momentum against them, making it an effective self-defense system and a competitive sport.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## Teen & Adult Jiu Jitsuin Bossier City & Haughton Most fights end up on the ground. To protect yourself, there's no martial art more powerful than Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. These teen & adult martial arts classes teach you grappling skills that even work against much larger opponents. Make friends and grow your confidence as you master these Bossier City & Haughton teen & adult BJJ classes.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## Birthday Partiesin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport Prepare for a birthday celebration your child won’t stop talking about! Our martial arts themed birthday parties are designed for kids of all ages and activity levels. If your child loves excitement and wants something different and you want to enjoy a stress-free day while we take care of everything, this is the perfect choice for you."

 BOSSIER CITY

 PARTY RSVP

 HAUGHTON

 PARTY RSVP

 SHREVEPORT

 PARTY RSVP

 ## Summer Campin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport Give your child an unforgettable summer! With energetic staff, exciting games, and nonstop activities, every day is a new adventure. Discover why families rave about our summer camp, the top choice in Bossier City, Haughton, and Shreveport. Click now to learn more!

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 SHREVEPORT

 ## After School Programin Bossier City & Haughton Experience THE top-rated martial arts after-school program in Bossier City and Haughton! Kids stay active with fun fitness and engaging games, while dedicated focus time helps them tackle homework or projects. Convenient transportation from local schools is provided. See how we are the most cost effective program in the area

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## why CHOOSE Pak's Karate Louisiana?

 We opened our martial arts school in Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport with a simple mission: Help our community get safer, and stronger — inside and out. For thousands of years, martial arts has helped millions of people become their best selves. As you master the techniques, train hard, and form bonds with your classmates — you transform on the inside too. Your confidence grows. Your focus grows. Your discipline grows. You’re able to achieve more in your day-to-day life.
 Kids do better in school and find it easier to make friends and socialize. Adults focus more intently on their careers, relationships, and family. And knowing that you have the skills to keep you and your loved ones safe gives peace of mind. We’re committed to our community, and to you. Come try us out with our amazing web special and see for yourself, today.

      Rated 5 out of 5

 Bossier City Reviews

 “My 4 year old son absolutely loves this place, it has taught him so much everyone is helpful and I would recommend this place to anyone, so much positive energy and hands on around I love it! “

 “Master Chapman and his Wife Master Heidi are very strict and serious about helping young people find focus, determination, motivation, and discipline and to set and achieve life goals to help them prepare for adult life. “

 “They are very welcoming and you are not just joining a martial arts program, you are gaining an extended family. “

 “ We love everything about it! The staff is amazing and always so helpful! We are having the time of our lives and are so very grateful to have found the Dojo!”

 “My daughter just hit her year point. It has been an amazing experience! She is so much more confident, fit and she enjoys the friendships she has developed. The instructors care not only about their students martial arts, but the whole person.”

      Rated 5 out of 5

 Haughton Reviews

 “This is a great place for kids and adults to learn self discipline and self defense while meeting new people and socializing and the instructors are great. “

 “Best martial arts school I have seen in a long time. They have very knowledgeable instructors with years of experience and who will work with you at your pace. Best experience I have ever had. “

 “Pak’s Haughton has been one of the best things for my kid! He learns everyday lessons as well as karate. He loves going to class and has lots of fun! Staff members are kind but also consistent! “

 “The children are taught patience and understanding. My son is straight a’s and well-behaved, this is part of the ethics and values instilled in him from being connected to Paks.”

 “The absolute best place ever. My son has learned a lot, and not just in martial arts. The Chapmans and all the staff are such a caring group of people. “

      Rated 5 out of 5

 Shreveport Reviews

 “ My son has grown so much in last few months and he lights up and get so excited anytime we talk about karate and his new paks family.”

 “ My son Carter been doing karate since February! When I tell you he loves going every week to class and seeing Master Catherine! 🤍 “

 “ The absolute best place ever. My son has learned a lot, and not just in martial arts. The Chapmans and all the staff are such a caring group of people. I recommend Paks to anyone I have a chance to talk to about it.”

 “I love the physical fitness aspect of the classes. My sons just think they are having fun but they are learning life long skills. Thank you Pak’s.”

 “ Pak’s has been great! We signed up a school special Pak’s had, Disin was hooked. Disin has learned so much and has improved in his behavior. “

 ## It's the will. Not the skill.

 ## Build Self-Discipline

 Your starting fitness and skill levels don’t matter – as long as you put in the effort in every class, you’ll see results.

 ## Gain Confidence

 When you step out of your comfort zone in our classes, you allow space for unshakable confidence to grow.

 ## Improve Focus

 Mindfulness practices don’t go away when you step off the mat. The skills you gain in class flow into everything you do.

 ## About our programs

 ## Kids Martial Artsin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport Would you like your child to grow their Focus, confidence, discipline, and sense of respect? Then our Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport kids martial arts classes are for you. We've helped so many families in our community. We'd love to help you too. We get your child off their screens, and do powerful fitness & self-defense to make their bodies & minds as strong as can be.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 SHREVEPORT

 ## Kids Judo & Jiu-Jitsuin Bossier City & Haughton After just 1 class, you'll see why parents and kids here rave about these Bossier City & Haughton kids Judo & Jiu-Jitsu classes. Parents are shocked as your child develops focus, respect, confidence. Kids love making friends, and the exciting fitness & training. Get started today, risk-free.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## Teen & Adult Martial Artsin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport Amazing community? Check. Action-packed, body-toning fitness? Check. Life-saving martial arts? Check. Our Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport teen & adult martial arts classes make you stronger - inside and out. As your body transforms, so does your mind. That's the thousands-year-old secret of martial arts.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 SHREVEPORT

 ## Teen & Adult Judoin Bossier City & Haughton At our Bossier City & Haughton Judo school, you'll find a community of like-minded individuals who are passionate about Judo and dedicated to helping each other succeed. Our experienced instructors are committed to providing high-quality instruction in a safe and supportive environment.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## Teen & Adult Jiu Jitsuin Bossier City & Haughton Even if you're out of shape and have never trained in martial arts in your entire life, you will love these Bossier City & Haughton teen & adult Jiu-Jitsu classes. Make friends. Tone your body. Sharpen your mind. Learn life-saving self-defense. Come try it out today.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## Birthday Partiesin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport Hey Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport parents - want to throw your child and their friends an amazing party but without all the hassle and hard work? Let us take care of everything. We'll keep all the kids entertained and engaged while you relax & enjoy... Fair enough? Learn more about our kids birthday parties today.

 BOSSIER CITY

 PARTY RSVP

 HAUGHTON

 PARTY RSVP

 SHREVEPORT

 PARTY RSVP

 ## Summer Campin Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport The Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport summer camp that kids, and parents, can’t stop raving about. Incredible, passionate staff. Ridiculously fun games & activities. An environment that gets every child opening up and making friends. Click now to learn more.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 SHREVEPORT

 ## After School Programin Bossier City & Haughton “I couldn’t imagine a better Bossier City & Haughton after school program. Parents are blown away by our amazing, enthusiastic staff… our fun, fitness-focused games… and how productive our “Quiet Focus Time” is. Kids just love how fun it is, and how many friends they make.

 BOSSIER CITY

 HAUGHTON

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Does Martial Arts Training Ever Turn Kids Into Bullies?
 Bullies are rooted in insecurity and fear. But our Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport kids martial arts classes grow confidence, focus, and respect. And our group training builds positive social skills and confidence. So long story short: No! Your child won’t become a bully, and there are no bullies in our classes either!

 Should Parents Stay And Watch?
 That is up to you! If you need some ‘me time’ — go grab a coffee and relax. Your child is in great hands. If you’d like to stay and observe, you’re welcome to do that as well, and make friends with the other parents. We’ve got a great community in our Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport martial arts school and can’t wait for you to become part of it.

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No way! Some folks come to us who have never exercised in their lives. Others have athlete-levels of fitness. That’s the beauty of martial arts — everyone starts at the same place. And although you’re in a group setting, you’re on your own personal journey. Some people advance faster than others. Every pace is okay. There’s no ego in our Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport kids and adult martial arts classes. Just support and positivity.

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 There is no real answer for this! And we’d urge you to be cautious of any school that gives you one. The truth is, the path to black belt is a deeply personal and individual journey. Some folks have natural talent and practice hard every day. Other people need to spend more time building coordination and fitness.
 It’s not about getting to black belt, it’s about you becoming a better version of yourself along the way. As you train, overcome obstacles, make friends, find support — you’ll become a stronger you, inside and out.
 And our instructors at Pak’s Karate Louisiana Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport are committed to you every step.

 How Do I Claim My Limited Time Offer?
 Assuming all spots are not taken — claiming your amazing web special is easy.
 1) Scroll to the top of this page and fill out the form. Or…
 2) Click to access any of our program-specific pages, and fill out the form on that page. Or…
 3) Give us a call at 318-524-8487! We’re happy to sign you up over the phone too!
 Spots are limited so please hurry. We’d hate to see you miss out.

 What do I need to bring to my/my child’s first martial arts lesson?
 For your first martial arts class here at Pak’s Karate Louisiana in Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport you’ll only need a few things: comfy clothes, a water bottle, and an open mind.
 It’s perfectly natural to be nervous your first time too. Happens to everyone! As soon as you see how kind and welcoming our community is, that will disappear.

 My Child is Not Very Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all! Bossier City, Haughton & Shreveport men, women, and children of all fitness levels come to us, whether it’s for kids or adult martial arts. Come as you are!
 Some of our top students were unfit and uncoordinated at first. Now they’re performing techniques they never dreamed possible. The confidence they gained realizing what they were capable of is the biggest gift of the process.
 All you have to do is show up. We’ll take care of the rest.

 ### Pak's Karate Louisiana Bossier City

 We’re located at 5302 Barksdale Blvd., Bossier City , stop by and say hello!

 ### Pak's Karate Louisiana Haughton

 We’re located at 1040 Bellevue Rd, Haughton , stop by and say hello!

 ### Pak's Karate Louisiana Shreveport

 We’re located at 5821 Line Ave Suite B, Shreveport , stop by and say hello!
