---
source_url: https://www.midwestaikidocenter.org
final_url: https://midwestaikidocenter.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:58.396Z
---

DOJO2
 Welcome to the Midwest Aikido Center

 O-Sensei Memorial
 PLEASE NOTE NEW DATES!O-Sensei Memorial Seminar with Peter Bernath Shihan, May 2-3, 2026.

 Kagami Biraki Seminar
 THANKS TO ALL WHO ATTENDED!Kagami Biraki Seminar with Vu X. Ha Shihan, January 10-11, 2026

 New Member 2-for-1
 NEW MEMBER2-for-1Special Offer

 50th Anniversary Save the Date 1.2
 THANK YOUto all who attendedthis amazing weekendof celebration and training!

 Kids Aikido Special Offer
 KIDS AIKIDOSpecial Introductory Offer

 230422-23_OSenseiMemSem,groupblur110

 20150807_Guy,randori

 # Train your body, train your mind. JOIN US: New Adult Member 2-for-1 special offer!
 KIDS CLASSES at the MAC: special introductory offer!
 REGISTRATION NOW OPEN! Please join us for the MAC’s O-Sensei Memorial Seminar with Peter Bernath Shihan , May 2-3, 2026. PLEASE NOTE NEW DATES!
 THANKS to all who attended! Kagami Biraki Seminar with Vu X. Ha Shihan, January 10-11, 2026
 THANKS to all who attended! 50th Anniversary Seminar with H. Osawa Shihan, September 20-21, 2025 .
 Give the Gift of Aikido! A unique gift for the holiday season
 Welcome to the MAC, a Martial Arts dojo. We are a not-for-profit Aikido dojo (school) in Chicago’s North Center neighborhood. Aikido is a modern Japanese martial art that focuses on blending with an attack to neutralize it. Instead of strength, strikes, and force, Aikido emphasizes movement, technique, and balance. Our diverse, supportive, and active membership includes women and men from all walks of life, ages 8 to over 80. As a new member, you will pair with many experienced Aikidoists, guaranteeing a self-paced, dynamic, and varied approach to learning this dynamic and varied martial art. The benefits of practicing Aikido go far beyond mere self-defense. We invite you to come see for yourself!
 Joining the MAC is easy: please see our New Member 2-for-1 special offer ! You can also stop by to observe any class, without an appointment. Our members will be glad to answer any questions you may have or get you signed up if you’re ready. You can also email us or contact us through our Facebook page .
 If you’re visiting Chicago from another dojo and would like to train with us, please email us or contact us through our Facebook page to arrange your practice time.
