---
source_url: http://www.stgjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://stgjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:03.721Z
---

# Welcome! # STG Jiu Jitsu – St George, Utah

 STG Jiu Jitsu, founded on integrity and growth, welcomes individuals from all backgrounds. Our academy is beginner-friendly, offering systematic instruction for those with little to no experience. It’s an ideal opportunity to begin or continue your Jiu Jitsu journey alongside other newcomers. We encourage both men and women to train, challenging themselves to become better individuals. Regardless of your background or experience level, you’ll find a warm welcome from day one. Our commitment is to provide the highest quality instruction, leading to proven results inside and outside the academy. Jiu Jitsu teaches more than physical strength; it empowers individuals with the knowledge and tools for self-defense. Join us at STG Jiu Jitsu, where you can gain the confidence, strength, and mental capacity to thrive in any environment. Take the first step today!

 # Welcome! # STG Jiu Jitsu – St George, Utah

 STG Jiu Jitsu, founded on integrity and growth, welcomes individuals from all backgrounds. Our academy is beginner-friendly, offering systematic instruction for those with little to no experience. It’s an ideal opportunity to begin or continue your Jiu Jitsu journey alongside other newcomers. We encourage both men and women to train, challenging themselves to become better individuals. Regardless of your background or experience level, you’ll find a warm welcome from day one. Our commitment is to provide the highest quality instruction, leading to proven results inside and outside the academy. Jiu Jitsu teaches more than physical strength; it empowers individuals with the knowledge and tools for self-defense. Join us at STG Jiu Jitsu, where you can gain the confidence, strength, and mental capacity to thrive in any environment. Take the first step today!

 ### Free Intro Lesson + Trial Class #### Now, for a limited time, we are thrilled to offer St George residents an exclusive opportunity!

 Find Out How To Start

 Programs

 Schedule

 Special Offer

 Always assume that your opponent is going to be bigger, stronger and faster than you; so that you learn to rely on technique, timing and leverage rather than brute strength
 -Helio Gracie

 MEET OUR INSTRUCTORS

 ### Benefits Of Jiu Jitsu

 ### Benefits Of Jiu Jitsu

 
 #### Community Be a part of a community that is focused on growth and development in both on and off the mat.

 
 #### Focus Jiu Jitsu will help to improves focus and mental attitude in both adult and kids.

 
 #### Self Defense Learn the worlds more effect for martial art for self defense. Jiu Jitsu teaches people to control an opponent through use of leverage, position, and submissions.

 
 #### Fitness BJJ is a great way to improve your cardiovascular health and strength while learning a new skill.

 
 #### Family Join a great family oriented community where your everyone in your family can train

 6
 #### Discipline Children learn discipline while having a fun and making new friends training.

 ## Check Out What We’ve Been Up To!

 stgjiujitsu🥋 Jiu Jitsu Academy 📍St George, Utah Classes for kids, adults, beginner, and advanced 435-772-2411 Info@stgjiujitsu.com 👇 Click link to learn more
 Showing options for some chokes with the lapel
#s

 One of many armbar approaches: from the opponents

 Come and duke out your problems in a controlled en

 Some clamp entry details for review 🗜️
#StGeorge

 Load More Follow on Instagram

 ### Frequently Asked Questions

 ##### Is there a trial class available? Even better, we have a 2 week free trial! This will give you the chance to try classes, meet the instructors, and know this is the Jiu Jitsu gym for you and your family.

 ##### What do I wear for my first Jiu Jitsu class? Any clothing that you would wear to work out or be active in will work great for your first Jiu Jitsu class. We will provide you a uniform to borrow while on your trial. This uniform call a “Gi” can be worn over your clothes.

 ##### What are the class times and schedules? Please check out our schedule page for current class times. CLICK HERE

 ##### What is the atmosphere of the gym like? I can be intimidating starting a martial art or combat sport. We pride ourselves on a family safe environment while providing world class Jiu Jitsu technique. Come experience how friendly and inviting the Jiu Jitsu community is.

 ##### What are the instructor's credentials and experience? Charlie Gardner is the head instructor at STG Jiu Jitsu and a certified instructor under Royler Gracie. He has been teaching for over 10 years and helping hundreds of students improve their life with Jiu Jitsu.

 ##### What age do kids classes start? Our kids program starts at 4 years old. What if they are 3 ½ or almost 4? No problem, we have out 2-week trial to give your young ones the time to see if they are ready for class.
 We also have age groups for 7-11 years old and teen classes.

 ##### Are there any other students at my age? Jiu Jitsu is amazing for anyone of any age. Many adults wonder if they are too old to start something like Jiu Jitsu. There is no such thing! Age will change HOW you train and NOT IF you train. I personally have trained many people late into their 60’s and 70’s. STG Jiu Jitsu will guild you in the best way to train for your age and body.

 ### GET STARTED TODAY!

 ### Class Schedule!

 Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 Schedule Click Here
