---
source_url: http://www.vitruvianmartialarts.com
final_url: https://vitruvianmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:55.428Z
---

# Martial arts for the whole family Martial arts for the whole family Martial arts for the whole family Martial arts for the whole family

 JIU-JITSU | MUAY THAI | BOXING | JUDO | MMA

 Click for class schedule

 (559) 553-3800

 # Martial arts for the whole family Martial arts for the whole family Martial arts for the whole family Martial arts for the whole family

 JIU-JITSU | MUAY THAI | BOXING | JUDO | MMA

 Click for class schedule

 (559) 553-3800

 #### Schedule your Visit 1525 E Acequia Court, Visalia, CA 93292
 - One block west of DMV -

 Vitruvian Martial Arts is a family oriented gym that welcomes everyone from the hobbyist to competitor. All of our instructors and coaches have a genuine passion for their respected martial art.

 Call now

 ## Martial arts & MMA classes We Offer #### Jiu-Jitsu #### Jiu-Jitsu #### Jiu-Jitsu
 Join our weekly Jiu-Jitsu classes led by Profressor Marc De La Cruz, and assisted by all the black belts. We have convenient classes daily that are in the morning, midday and evening. Each class provides specialized sessions for all ages and skill levels.

 Learn More

 #### Muay Thai #### Jiu-Jitsu #### Jiu-Jitsu
 Learn and train Muay Thai led by our special guest Coaches that are all experts and competitors in Muay Thai martial arts. Our classes suit all levels, from beginner, to intermediate and advanced. We have classes that are regularly scheduled for you to join.

 Learn More

 #### Boxing #### Jiu-Jitsu #### Boxing
 Step into the ring with our boxing and striking classes. Each boxing session focuses on cardio conditioning, striking technique, and footwork. Classes are offered conveniently throughout the week in the evenings. Classes are available for all ages weekly.

 Learn More

 #### Judo #### Jiu-Jitsu #### Boxing
 Expand your judo throws and ground grappling control skills with judo under Coach Matt Fisher. Teaching throws, ground control, and more all in a supportive and encouraging way. Our inclusive and weekly class schedule welcomes all skill levels and ages.

 Learn More

 ## WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT #### About Vitruvian Martial Arts Founded in 2002, by Coach Marc De La Cruz, Vitruvian Martial Arts provides specialized and mixed martial arts training and coaching to the local Visalia & Tulare community for nearly 22 years. At Vitruvian Martial Arts, we offer a diverse range of martial arts and MMA classes tailored for all skill levels. Whether you're a beginner looking to learn the basics or an experienced fighter aiming to refine your techniques, our expert coaches and instructors are here to guide you every step of the way. Our classes include traditional disciplines like Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Boxing, Judo, as well as modern mixed martial arts training. Join us to improve your physical fitness, build confidence, and become part of a supportive and dynamic community.

 ## Contact Us #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Vitruvian Martial Arts (559) 553-3800

 #### Hours Monday - Friday: 5:30am-7:30pm
 Saturday: 9am - 12pm
 Sunday: 10am-12pm

 ## FROM THE MAt: Our Instagram

 ## Follow Us Social

 ## Before and Afters!
 - - - - - - -

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Competition Photos
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Personal Gym & Fitness training ### Private 1-on-1 Training $60.00

 Buy Now

 Private training at our fully equipped gym. At Vitruvian Martial Arts, we provide personalized gym and fitness training with our private 1-on-1 sessions. These training programs are designed to meet your individual fitness goals, whether you're aiming to build strength, enhance endurance, or achieve overall wellness. Our dedicated trainers offer expert guidance, tailored workouts, and ongoing support to ensure you reach your full potential. Experience a customized fitness journey that fits your schedule and needs, helping you achieve lasting results in a motivating and encouraging environment.

 ### Ready to Join? Join us to improve your physical fitness, build confidence, and become part of a supportive and dynamic community.

 Join Now

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
