---
source_url: http://ciesmma.com/SCHEDULE.php
final_url: https://www.ciesmma.com/SCHEDULE.php
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:39.033Z
---

## 2026schedule

 *This schedule will officially begin Jan 1, 2026* *Please call for times in the meantime due to modified Holiday schedules*
 We pride ourselves in offering multiple classes each day 6 days a week. Below you will find a description of each class!
 Kids/Youth 5-12 Year Old BJJ: This class is ran by Coach Kyle. Kyle Kirk is a BJJ Purple belt who has dozens of BJJ matches and is one of the gyms leading professional grapplers.This class is blended ages to provide the more advanced younger children more challenging sparring rounds and for the older children to learn to help the younger children.
 *Children who are 13 years and older who have 6 months+ of experience can attend adult classes, this is when they can be introduced to the striking program we have.
 Adult Gi BJJ: This class is designed for all skill levels. This is a Co-Ed class and is 1 hour in duration, Professor Mike C will teach half of the duration technique and the other half is reserved for live training. Mike pairs up partners each class so that everyone is evenly matched and more experienced members can help newer members. Member's are required to have the Gi Uniform for this class. They are sold at our academy but you may wear any Gi you wish to wear.
 Adult Kickboxing: Just as Mike's coach Pat Miletich ran his gym, Mike runs his beginner kickboxing program the same way. M- F at 5:30 is our adult kickboxing program and on Monday -Thursday it varies between Muay Thai style, and Dutch Kickboxing style to give athletes a different perspective. Friday's are when beginners can test their skills in a live setting yet light enough to learn comfortably. Friday light sparring is for member's only, and not for first time trial class members.
 Adult Boxing: Learn from a UFC Vet who boxed in college how to box! Great intro to striking with an emphasis on effective strikes for MMA.
 Adult No-Gi Grappling: This class is for all levels, and will focus on BJJ/Catch-Wrestling/MMA style grappling without the uniform on. Preferably a rash guard and No- Gi Grappling shorts will be worn for this class, these are available at the academy for purchase. No cut off shirts or shorts with zippers or hard points will be allowed in this class.
