---
source_url: https://phantombjjaz.com/history-of-bjj/
final_url: https://phantombjjaz.com/history-of-bjj/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:22.595Z
---

# Origins Mitsuyo Maeda, a highly skilled groundwork expert from the Kodokan and a student of Tomita Tsunejirō, who was the first disciple of judo’s founder, Kano Jigoro, traveled the world to showcase and teach his martial art. Starting his journey in 1904, Maeda visited many countries, performing “jiu-do” demonstrations and taking on challenges from wrestlers, boxers, savate fighters, and other martial artists. On November 14, 1914, he arrived in Brazil, marking the beginning of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu’s roots.
 Mitsuyo Maeda, a highly skilled groundwork expert from the Kodokan and a student of Tomita Tsunejirō, who was the first disciple of judo’s founder, Kano Jigoro, traveled the world to showcase and teach his martial art. Starting his journey in 1904, Maeda visited many countries, performing “jiu-do” demonstrations and taking on challenges from wrestlers, boxers, savate fighters, and other martial artists. On November 14, 1914, he arrived in Brazil, marking the beginning of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu’s roots.

 ## Maeda & Gracie ## Gastão Gracie, a businessman in Belém, partnered with the American Circus, which hosted the Queirolo Brothers in 1916, where Mitsuyo Maeda performed. In 1917, Gastão’s son, Carlos Gracie, saw Maeda demonstrate “Kano jiu-jitsu” (an early name for judo) at the Da Paz Theatre and began training under him. Carlos’s brother, Hélio Gracie, later adapted the techniques into Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, emphasizing ground fighting and leverage to suit his smaller frame. While the Gracie family is central to BJJ’s rise, another lineage came from Luiz França, a student of Maeda. França’s disciple, Oswaldo Fadda, and his students gained fame for their expertise in footlocks and defeating the Gracies in a gym challenge. Today, BJJ includes major branches like Gracie Humaitá, Gracie Barra, Carlson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, and Alliance Jiu-Jitsu, all tracing back to Mitsuyo Maeda.

 ## 8 Reasons Why Everyone Should Train Jiu-Jitsu - Health Benefits: BJJ boosts your health by improving flexibility, strength, endurance, and cardio while burning more calories than a typical gym session. - Self-Defense: BJJ provides a safe, practical, and effective way to defend yourself in real-world situations. - Builds Confidence: Each time you step on the mat, you face mental, physical, and social challenges that help you develop confidence, focus, and discipline. - Enhances Problem-Solving Skills: Learning intricate BJJ techniques sharpens your problem-solving and critical thinking abilities. - Join a Community: BJJ is for everyone, regardless of age, gender, or fitness level, offering a welcoming and inclusive environment. - It’s Fun: Get in shape, lose weight, and enjoy every moment of your training journey! - Therapeutic Benefits: BJJ can serve as a form of therapy, providing stress relief, cardio exercise, competition training, and more. - Make Lifelong Friends: BJJ is a journey where you’ll grow and learn alongside classmates, forging friendships that last a lifetime.

 ## Etiquette & Customs - Taking shoes off before stepping on the mat. - Bowing before and after stepping on the mat. - Lining up in rank order before and after class. - Teaching or explaining techniques to lower ranked students. - Addressing the teacher as coach or professor. - Keeping your Gi closed with a belt. - Bowing or shaking hands before and after sparring. - Covering any cuts with tape or gauze. - Having good hygiene practices including brushing teeth, having a clean Gi, and wearing deodorant. - Wash your Gi after every practice. - Keep your fingernails and toenails short

 ## Necessary Jiu-Jitsu Apparel ## Gis range in price from $50 up to $200+ dollars. They come in assorted sizes; regular, tall, and wide. There are numerous companies that sell Gis and No Gi products. For No Gi, a t-shirt or rash guard and fight or swim shorts without pockets or zippers, are required. Here are a few supply retailers. - Jiujitsu.com Standard brand Jiujitsu.com - Shoyoroll.com Higher end brand Shoyoroll.com - Sanabul.com Gis under $99 Sanabul.com - us.tatamifightwear.com Gis under $75 us.tatamifightwear.com
