---
source_url: https://phantombjjaz.com
final_url: https://phantombjjaz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:23.235Z
---

Est.

 2013

 Phantom Arizona Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Waiver

 ### Build Confidence & Discipline in your Child Start Your Child’s BJJ Journey Today
 At Phantom BJJ Arizona, our Kids BJJ program is designed to instill confidence, discipline, and respect in children aged 4–13. For just $100 a month, your child will learn self-defense, improve focus, and develop lifelong skills in a supportive environment. Phantom BJJ believes in making BJJ accessible to all, offering high-quality training without high costs.

 ### Military & First Responders Thank You for Your Service
 – 10% Off BJJ!
 Heroes deserve the best! Active-duty military, veterans, and first responders get 10% off membership at Phantom AZ BJJ. Train in a supportive community, gain confidence, and learn real self-defense skills. Join today and start your journey!

 # BEST TASTE. ELITE FORMULA. # Bounce gummies are built for athletes who train hard. Use Ambassador Code PHANTOMAZBJJ and receive 30% OFF your purchase. # SIMPLE. EFFECTIVE. ELITE. Shop Now

 ## Welcome to Phantom AZ Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Phantom AZ BJJ emphasizes self-defense, fitness, and a balanced approach to training. While we encourage our students to compete, it’s never a requirement. People train for a variety of reasons, and whether your goal is to improve fitness, learn practical self-defense, or engage in an exciting competitive sport, you’ll find the instructors and fellow students at Phantom AZ BJJ welcoming and supportive.

 ## Where to find and contact us

 ### Phone 425.269-0114‬

 ### Email Phantomazbjj@gmail.com

 Phantom Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 855 W University Dr
 Suite 3
 Mesa, AZ 85201
 Follow us on Instagram
 Check us on facebook
