---
source_url: https://akfma.com/programs/
final_url: https://akfma.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:41.832Z
---

Skip to content # Our AKF Martial Arts Programs

 ## AKF Martial Arts Programs - Burleson, TX PROGRAMS

 Whether you are brand new to martial arts or looking to take your skill set to the next level, AKF Martial Arts in Burleson Texas has a program for you. Our Basic and Leadership programs are designed to take students from Kyuki-Do novice to black belt master and beyond.
 At AKF Martial Arts, students of all ages start at the same level and practice together. This type of training allows participants from all walks of life in the Basic program to learn from our talented instructors and from each other.
 Once you’ve mastered the basics, you are ready to move up into our Leadership program, which offers higher level Kyuki-Do instruction and specialized classes in other skills. This provides an opportunity to refine your skills in a particular area that matches your interest.
 Our classes are held mostly in the evenings to accommodate the schedules of busy working families. In addition, we structure our classes to ensure that everyone can receive one-on-one attention from our instructors.
 No matter where you start in the program, you can reap all of the benefits that come from martial arts — physical fitness, mental clarity, self defense, and more.
 For more information on enrolling in one of these programs, contact AKF Martial Arts at (817) 447-7200 or info@akfma.com .

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ## BASIC PROGRAM The Basic Program at AKF Martial Arts is your introduction to the Kyuki-Do style of martial arts training. You’ll learn the basics of blocking, kicking, punching, self defense, and other essential martial arts techniques. No prior martial arts experience is required, only a desire to learn and improve your well-being.
 Each class will include a mix of physical and mental conditioning. The physical training will enhance your coordination, strength, and flexibility, while the life skills curriculum will teach respect, self-discipline, confidence, and how to have a black belt attitude.
 The Basic Program consists of two classes per week. It is skill based and will lead you through the novice belts of Kyuki-Do, culminating in a green belt. From there, you’ll be ready to advance to the more rigorous Leadership Program.

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ## LEADERSHIP PROGRAM Once you’ve mastered the basics, the Leadership program will take you to the next level and beyond.
 The AKF Martial Arts Leadership Program is designed with the goal of preparing students to earn a black belt and is for students who have completed the Basic Program, or who come to us with prior martial arts training. The Leadership program also provides the opportunity to take specialized courses in other areas of martial arts. Offerings include Judo, Brazilian jiujitsu, and weapons classes, and you can attend as many classes as you’d like.
 This program also teaches advanced self defense skills, with a focus on throwing, trapping and locking techniques. You will learn techniques such as the bo staff, nunchaku, sai and bokken — all of which will help to develop the strength and hand eye coordination necessary to defend yourself in any type of situation.

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ## JUDO/JIUJITSU PROGRAM AKF Martial Arts also offers a Judo and Brazilian Jiujitsu (BJJ) program for 10 and up that are looking for a structured group activity in a family-oriented environment.
 Like our other martial arts programs, these classes will include a mix of physical and mental conditioning. The physical training will enhance your strength, endurance, and flexibility. The mental aspect of these classes will provide you with confidence and self-defense knowledge that can be used in any situation.
 Call today to learn more or check our web special and schedule for more info.

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ## SIMPLE STEPS TO CONFIDENT KIDS STEPS

 ### STEP 01 CLICK THE BUTTON BELOW TO CONTACT US

 ### STEP 2 SCHEDULE YOUR
 FIRST CLASS

 ### STEP 03 SEE IF MARTIAL ARTS IS THE RIGHT FOR YOUR FAMILY

 Contact Us

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ## WHAT OUR STUDENTS SAY ABOUT US FEEDBACK

 Your child's activities should teach them life skills, not just suck up your familty time...

 “I started training with Kim’s Black Belt Academy a little over 3 years ago. Master Kim and Mr. Berrios have taken my training well beyond just Tae Kwon Do. They push me in body weight and core training, flexibility, and cardio. The program they have developed is not simply about the belt color, but more about OVERALL physical health training and reaching my OWN personal training goals. I am also instructed in Self-Defense techniques, Sparring, and even Judo!!”

 NAOMI H.

 “Almost 6 years ago our oldest son wanted to try Karate. I remember picking Kim’s Black Belt academy because of the really awesome mat. Austin is now a Black Belt and after 6 years he has NEVER once said to his Dad and I, “I don’t want to do this anymore.” Austin after all this time loves to come to class. He has managed to show his family how much fun it is to be a part of this school, and now as a family we all attend classes and love it. Austin and his Dad also enjoy attending the kickboxing classes together and they both look forward to it every Friday. Grand Master Kim and Mr. Berrios are fantastic with the kids, and I think that has a lot to do with how much our children enjoy it. My husband and I really enjoy the workout that we get from being in class, and the friends we have made. We would recommend Kim’s Black Belt Academy to anyone, we absolutely love it here.”

 SHONYA A.

 “I have been at AKF Martial Arts now for 4 years. I have since learned many things on my journey to becoming a martial artist. The first thing I learned is that even though my martial arts journey is about me, I would be touched by many people along the way. I have grown to love and look forward to time with the family at AKF and look forward to seeing them at each class. The instructors have always been motivators and supporters of all of the students. When I arrived at the school in 2012, I weighted over 325lbs. Now I am down to 265lbs and dropping. I can move better and as a chronic asthmatic I can breathe better. My blood pressure and cholesterol have both gone down, and I feel better than I ever have, even in high school! Mr. Berrios and Grandmaster Kim are both top notch both in instruction and discipline, and while they always expect 100%, they are always there to help you achieve your goals. I really couldn’t have asked for a better school to train at and I will always feel indebted to the family at AKF Martial Arts!”

 TREY M.

 “We enjoy training together as a family and sharing in the experience. Grandmaster Kim and Mr. Van Berrios are excellent at encouraging kids and kids of all ages. As the challenges get harder, we help each other out. Likewise, everyone at AKF Martial Arts is willing to help out. The instructors encourage the students in a positive and respectful manner. They teach discipline and courtesy to all of the students. I have met some of the most respectful teenagers around at AKF Martial Arts. The words “sir” and “ma’am” are not a lost art here. Also, adults train alongside youth, and I have seen some interesting things while training there. Among these are a 5-year-old performing a form with over 30 memorized steps, a 14-year-old whipping a roundhouse kick inches from my 6’6″ head, and our Grandmaster playfully enjoying that I can’t keep up with him. I think anyone would enjoy and benefit from training at AKF Martial Arts.”

 STEVEN W.

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ### CONTACT US Interested in classes? Enter your information below to contact us!

 Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Enter Full Name
 Enter Phone Number
 Enter Email Address
 Message

 ### WANT TO TRY OUR WEB SPECIAL? Enter your information below to learn more about our current web specials.

 Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Enter first name
 Enter last name
 Enter your email
 Enter phone number

 ### Access Our Schedule We recently updated our schedule. Enter your name and email below to access our schedule and special web offers.

 CURRENT STUDENTS: Contact us directly if you have schedule related questions

 Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Enter First Name
 Enter Your Email

 By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies. Got It
