---
source_url: https://akfma.com
final_url: https://akfma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:41.897Z
---

Skip to content WE BUILD CONFIDENT KIDS!

 # Burleson Martial Arts School for Kids & Families

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 - CONFIDENCE - DISCIPLINE - SELF-DEFENSE - PHYSICAL FITNESS

 ## Martial Arts Programs & Classes Martial Arts

 ### PRE-K

 This Program is designed to address core childhood development skills such as, Listening, Coordination, and Self-Control for 3 and 4 year olds.

 ### KIDS

 This Program is designed to address core childhood development skills such as, Discipline, Sharing, and Self-Control for 5 and 6 year olds.

 ### FAMILIES

 This program is for students ages 7+ who want to improve themselves physically, emotionally, mentally, and spiritually. Classes focus on building confidence, discipline, and overall fitness.

 ## Welcome to AKF Martial Arts in Burleson, TX AKF Burleson

 AKF Martial Arts is a family-oriented school focused on fitness, traditional, and modern self-defense. Our instructors have combined for over 50 years of teaching experience.
 With mostly evening classes, we cater to families with busy schedules. Our students range from 3 years old to over 70, and we accept all skill levels from beginner to expert. We promote a community environment and team mentality while rewarding individual achievement. Our programs help improve focus at school and work, courtesy, respect, and self-discipline.
 Our main art is Kyuki-Do, which is a blend of Tae Kwon Do, Hapkido, and Judo. We offer classes in each of these arts individually, as well as in a blended curriculum.

 "One of the best life changing things we've done as a family"

 "Being able to workout as a family - that's a huge deal for me!"

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ## Meet Our Team Our Team

 Grandmaster Kim

 Master Berrios

 Mrs. Kelly

 Mr. Murray

 ## SIMPLE STEPS TO CONFIDENT KIDS STEPS

 ### STEP 01 CLICK THE BUTTON BELOW TO CONTACT US

 ### STEP 2 SCHEDULE YOUR
 FIRST CLASS

 ### STEP 03 SEE IF MARTIAL ARTS IS THE RIGHT FOR YOUR FAMILY

 Contact Us

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ## WHAT OUR STUDENTS SAY ABOUT US FEEDBACK

 Your child's activities should teach them life skills, not just suck up your familty time...

 “I started training with Kim’s Black Belt Academy a little over 3 years ago. Master Kim and Mr. Berrios have taken my training well beyond just Tae Kwon Do. They push me in body weight and core training, flexibility, and cardio. The program they have developed is not simply about the belt color, but more about OVERALL physical health training and reaching my OWN personal training goals. I am also instructed in Self-Defense techniques, Sparring, and even Judo!!”

 NAOMI H.

 “Almost 6 years ago our oldest son wanted to try Karate. I remember picking Kim’s Black Belt academy because of the really awesome mat. Austin is now a Black Belt and after 6 years he has NEVER once said to his Dad and I, “I don’t want to do this anymore.” Austin after all this time loves to come to class. He has managed to show his family how much fun it is to be a part of this school, and now as a family we all attend classes and love it. Austin and his Dad also enjoy attending the kickboxing classes together and they both look forward to it every Friday. Grand Master Kim and Mr. Berrios are fantastic with the kids, and I think that has a lot to do with how much our children enjoy it. My husband and I really enjoy the workout that we get from being in class, and the friends we have made. We would recommend Kim’s Black Belt Academy to anyone, we absolutely love it here.”

 SHONYA A.

 “I have been at AKF Martial Arts now for 4 years. I have since learned many things on my journey to becoming a martial artist. The first thing I learned is that even though my martial arts journey is about me, I would be touched by many people along the way. I have grown to love and look forward to time with the family at AKF and look forward to seeing them at each class. The instructors have always been motivators and supporters of all of the students. When I arrived at the school in 2012, I weighted over 325lbs. Now I am down to 265lbs and dropping. I can move better and as a chronic asthmatic I can breathe better. My blood pressure and cholesterol have both gone down, and I feel better than I ever have, even in high school! Mr. Berrios and Grandmaster Kim are both top notch both in instruction and discipline, and while they always expect 100%, they are always there to help you achieve your goals. I really couldn’t have asked for a better school to train at and I will always feel indebted to the family at AKF Martial Arts!”

 TREY M.

 “We enjoy training together as a family and sharing in the experience. Grandmaster Kim and Mr. Van Berrios are excellent at encouraging kids and kids of all ages. As the challenges get harder, we help each other out. Likewise, everyone at AKF Martial Arts is willing to help out. The instructors encourage the students in a positive and respectful manner. They teach discipline and courtesy to all of the students. I have met some of the most respectful teenagers around at AKF Martial Arts. The words “sir” and “ma’am” are not a lost art here. Also, adults train alongside youth, and I have seen some interesting things while training there. Among these are a 5-year-old performing a form with over 30 memorized steps, a 14-year-old whipping a roundhouse kick inches from my 6’6″ head, and our Grandmaster playfully enjoying that I can’t keep up with him. I think anyone would enjoy and benefit from training at AKF Martial Arts.”

 STEVEN W.

 GET OUR WEB SPECIAL

 ### CONTACT US Interested in classes? Enter your information below to contact us!

 Facebook This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Enter Full Name
 Enter Phone Number
 Enter Email Address
 Message

 ### WANT TO TRY OUR WEB SPECIAL? Enter your information below to learn more about our current web specials.

 Company This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Enter first name
 Enter last name
 Enter your email
 Enter phone number

 ### Access Our Schedule We recently updated our schedule. Enter your name and email below to access our schedule and special web offers.

 CURRENT STUDENTS: Contact us directly if you have schedule related questions

 Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Enter First Name
 Enter Your Email

 By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies. Got It
