---
source_url: https://www.victoryma.com/programs/family-martial-arts-classes/
final_url: https://www.victoryma.com/programs/family-martial-arts-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:08.555Z
---

Skip to content Twitter Instagram Facebook-square Youtube

 Get Our Current Web Special

 Menu

 Get Our Current Web Special

 Menu

 Instagram Facebook-square Youtube

 # Family program​

 ## Build an Unbreakable Family Bond

 # Making Memories That Will Last Forever​

 ## Victory Martial Arts provides the optimal opportunity for your family to have fun, get healthy, and enjoy quality family time.

 ## Don’t just watch your kids, be on the same team with them! Hop into class with them and show them the value of family time. Enjoy learning side-by-side as you connect deeper, grow stronger, and make memories that will last a lifetime.

 ## Our goal is to help your family create your own Victory. Because families that kick together, stick together.

 ## Did You Know?

 ## After Kids Turn 18, They Spend

 ## significantly less time with their families, from 4h per day when they are 18 to less than 1 hour a day when they're 30 years old.

 ## *According to the American Time Use Survey

 ## Only 15% Of The Parents

 ## indicated that overall physical health is the top concern for their children, even though rates of childhood obesity have been climbing.

 ## *According to the survey done by the YMCA of the USA

 ## 74% Of Parents Say They Choose

 ## to spend family time with their children sitting in front of a TV while 53% spend leisure time with their kids playing video games.

 ## *According to the survey done by the YMCA of the USA

 ## Your Family Will Get:

 ### Stronger

 ### Healthier

 ### A Deeper Connection

 ### Lifetime Memories

 ### Improved Safety Skills

 ### Increased Joy & Reduced Stress

 ### Quality Time

 ### Greater Self-Confidence

 ### Renewed Family Definition

 ### Increased Chances Of Future Success

 ### New Tools For Positive Communication

 ### Improved Overall Behavior

 ### Greater Happiness

 ### Improved Academic Performance

 ### A New Form Of Family Fun

 ## Here is What Our Students Say:

 ## They care about the families' and kids’ well-being "My family is having a great experience and results with Victory, great staff and instructors. They care about the families and well-being of our kids. Elevating our kid's confidence, discipline, self-defense and martial arts techniques."

 Lorenzo M.

 ## My daughter has grown not only in skill but as a person… "We've been attending classes for a year now and I have seen my daughter grow not only in skill but as a person. I've also watched many other children learn discipline, come out of their shells with newfound self-confidence, and become leaders... I can't recommend them enough. Also, I have lived watching my daughter make friendships that will last a lifetime, with the other kids working their way up to blackbelts! If you are considering martial arts for yourself or your children, tell them I sent you for 2 free weeks. You absolutely won't regret it"

 C.Z.

 ## The behavior of my child has improved "My main concern was the discipline in my child’s life. He was a bit hyper before attending Victory Martial Arts and had a hard time following instructions. Since we’ve been coming to the school, he has made a huge improvement in his behavior and is really enjoying himself."

 T.D.

 ## My son has improved his behavior, sleeping, and confidence… "I have been taking my son here for about 6 months. It has helped his behavior, sleeping, confidence, and just so many levels. Like everything, practice and repetition. They not only help teach martial arts but help instill the structure, discipline, and values we teach our kids at home. Positive reinforcement. Waiting for my 8-month-old to get old enough to join."

 J.R.

 ## Our daughter has improved her self-esteem and self-confidence "We brought our daughter to Victory to help her with her self-esteem, self-confidence, discipline and self-defense. It has been 13 months since she started and her teacher told us today that she is a leader in her class, helps other students, is a role model and speaks up when she has questions and to volunteer. This, from a kindergartener who would shyly, half way raise her hand to participate. Thank you so much!"

 S.N.J.

 Previous
 Next

 ## Get a free private lesson and experience the benefits of martial arts for your family joyfulness!

 ### No Commitments

 ### No Payment Required

 ### For New Students Only

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 How do I know if martial arts is right for my family?
 If you are looking for an activity that will bond your family in a fun and exciting way, then our Family program is perfect for you. We give families an opportunity to learn together, grow together and thrive together. No matter the age or physical condition, every member of your family will have fun learning martial arts techniques. And remember, it’s an effective physical activity that has many different benefits. As our students like to say: families that kick together stick together.

 My family members can't perform on the same level. How can we still train together?
 We want each member of your family to enjoy the classes. That’s why our Family program is specifically designed to allow everyone to learn at their own pace while bonding with their loved ones.

 What if my child is hesitant to train with our family?
 Nowadays, it seems like families grow apart with each passing day. The stress of everyday life filled with endless to-do lists makes people tired. Victory Martial Arts is a school built by a family for families. We want families to grow closer and bond stronger. At Victory, families are teams. And there’s never a dull moment when you play on the same team with the ones who love you the most.

 How will martial arts help my family bond?
 Parents often spend their time driving their kids from one after-school activity to another. But being able to enjoy the same activity as your child and be a part of the same team is a priceless experience every parent cherishes. Just imagine how much quality bonding time you’ll have with your kids! At Victory, we help families understand each other on a deeper level which helps kids grow respect for their parents and siblings. In addition, we emphasize the importance of teamwork as a tool to make family bonds even more. Because our family is the most valuable team we’ll ever have.

 Ask Us a Question
 Ask Us a Question
 " * " indicates required fields

 Your Name
 Your Email *
 Your Question *

 ## Claim Your Free Lesson Here:

 " * " indicates required fields

 First Name *
 Last Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 Select State * Select Your State Arizona California Colorado Florida Michigan Nevada Texas Virginia

 Select a School in Florida * Select a School Apopka – Wekiva (Apopka, Wekiva, Longwood) Clearwater (Clearwater, Safety Harbor, Countryside, Oldsmar) Clermont (Clermont, Winter Garden, Minneola, Groveland) Dr. Phillips (Dr Phillips, Orlando, Ocoee, Windermere) Hunters Creek (Hunters Creek, Celebration, Southchase, Kissimmee) Lake Mary (Lake Mary, Apopka, Sanford, Altamonte Springs) Lake Nona (Lake Nona, Meadow Woods, St. Cloud) Longwood (Longwood, Altamonte Springs, Casselberry, Apopka) Maitland (Maitland, Winter Park, College Park, Altamonte Springs) Ocoee (Ocoee, Windermere, Winter Garden, Gotha) Oviedo (Oviedo, Winter Springs, Redbug, Casselberry) Palm Harbor (Palm Harbor, Dunedin, Tarpon Springs, East Lake) Waterford Lakes (Waterford Lakes, Avalon Park, Wedgefield, East Orlando)

 Select a School in California * Select a School Blossom Hill (Blossom Hills, Almaden Valley, Dartmouth) Kickforce Encinitas (Encinitas, Rancho Santa Fe, La Costa) Kickforce Mira Mesa (Mira Mesa, Scripps Ranch, Rancho Penasquitos) Morgan Hill (Morgan Hill, San Martin, Gilroy) Santa Teresa (Santa Teresa, Blossom Valley, Canoas East, South Santa Teresa) Stevenson Ranch (Stevenson Ranch, Valencia, Westridge) Encino

 Select a School in Arizona * Select a School Mesa (Mesa, Gilbert, Chandler) Augusta Ranch ((Mesa, Apache Junction, Gold Canyon, Gilbert) Victory PHX Central Victory PHX Glendale

 Select a School in Colorado * Select a School Arvada (Arvada, Candelas, Leyden Rock, West Woods Ridge) Golden (Golden, Applewood, Mount Vernon Club Place, Eagle Ridge) Littleton (Littleton, Ken Caryl, Bow Mar, Columbine)

 Select a School in Michigan * Select a School Okemos (Okemos, East Lansing, Haslett, Mason) Williamston (Williamston, Dansville, Fowlerville, Webberville)

 Select a School in Missouri * Select a School K2L Raintree(Lee’s Summit, Raymore, Greenwood, Lake Winnebago, Lake Lotawana) K2L Douglas (Lees Summit, Raytown, Independence, Blue Springs, and Lakewood Area)

 Select a School in Nevada * Select a School Boca Park (Boca Park, Peccole Ranch, The Willows, The Lakes) Deer Springs (Deer Springs, Aliante, North Las Vegas, Nellis Air Force Base) Grand Canyon (Grand Canyon, Southwest Las Vegas, Spring Valley, Spanish Trails) Shadow Hills (Shadow Hills, Summerlin North, Providence, Summerlin West) Sky Pointe (Sky Pointe, Centennial Hills, Skye Canyon, Northwest) Summerlin (Summerlin, Summerlin South, The Mesa, The Ridges) Tenaya (Tenaya, Desert Shores, Summerlin, Painted Desert)

 Select a School in Texas * Select a School Alamo Heights (Alamo Heighs, Fort Sam Houston, Lincoln Heights, Olmos Park) Bandera (Bandera, Alamo Ranch, Elotes, Leon Valley) Hardy Oak (Hardy Oak, Shavano Park, Timberwood Park, Spring Branch) Leon Springs (Leon Springs, Boerne/Fair Oaks Areas, The Dominion/Cross Mountain, Scenic Oaks) Stone Oak (Stone Oak, Shavano Park, Hollywood Park, Timberwood Park) Stone Ridge (Stone Ridge, Encino Park/Encino Creek, Hollywood Park, Universal City) Bulverde

 Select a School in Virginia * Select a School Centreville (Centreville, Chantilly, Clifton) Leesburg (Leesburg, Ashburn, Loudoun, Purceville)

 What are the names and ages of those participating?
 Consent * By providing your number you consent to receive marketing, promotional, notification messages from us. Opt-out anytime by replying STOP. Msg & Data rates may apply
 CAPTCHA

 ### Contact Information

 Victory Corporate Headquarters

 4418 Edgewater Drive

 Orlando,

 Florida,

 32804

 (877) 797-7988

 Contact Us

 REDEEM
 One of our Exclusive Web Offers
 SCHEDULE
 Your First Introductory Lesson
 PICKUP
 Your Free Victory T-shirt & Begin Martial Arts!

 #### Monthly Success Tips

 Email field
 Subscribe

 Instagram Facebook-square Youtube
