---
source_url: https://www.victoryma.com/programs/jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.victoryma.com/programs/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:10.492Z
---

Skip to content Twitter Instagram Facebook-square Youtube

 Get Our Current Web Special

 Menu

 Get Our Current Web Special

 Menu

 Instagram Facebook-square Youtube

 ## ## Welcome to Victory Jiu-Jitsu, where tradition meets innovation in the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Our program is designed for individuals of all ages and skill levels, offering a comprehensive curriculum that emphasizes technique, discipline, and personal growth. At Victory Jiu-Jitsu, students will learn the fundamental principles of leverage, control, and submission in a supportive and empowering environment. Our experienced instructors are dedicated to helping each student achieve their personal best, whether they are training for competition, self-defense, or fitness.

 ## Our Classes Include:

 ## Beginner Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Perfect for newcomers, this class covers the basics of Jiu-Jitsu, focusing on foundational techniques and building confidence.

 ## AdvancedJiu-Jitsu

 ## For those looking to refine their skills, this class dives deeper into advanced techniques, sparring, and competition preparation.

 ## Open Mat Sessions

 ## Opportunities for students to practice techniques, spar, and learn from each other in a less structured setting.

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 ## A fun and engaging program tailored for young martial artists, promoting discipline, respect, and teamwork.

 ## Women’s Jiu-Jitsu

 ## A supportive space for women to train together, focusing on self-defense and building strength.

 ## Here is What Our Students Say:

 ## They care about the families' and kids’ well-being "My family is having a great experience and results with Victory, great staff and instructors. They care about the families and well-being of our kids. Elevating our kid's confidence, discipline, self-defense and martial arts techniques."

 Lorenzo M.

 ## My daughter has grown not only in skill but as a person… "We've been attending classes for a year now and I have seen my daughter grow not only in skill but as a person. I've also watched many other children learn discipline, come out of their shells with newfound self-confidence, and become leaders... I can't recommend them enough. Also, I have lived watching my daughter make friendships that will last a lifetime, with the other kids working their way up to blackbelts! If you are considering martial arts for yourself or your children, tell them I sent you for 2 free weeks. You absolutely won't regret it"

 C.Z.

 ## The behavior of my child has improved "My main concern was the discipline in my child’s life. He was a bit hyper before attending Victory Martial Arts and had a hard time following instructions. Since we’ve been coming to the school, he has made a huge improvement in his behavior and is really enjoying himself."

 T.D.

 ## My son has improved his behavior, sleeping, and confidence… "I have been taking my son here for about 6 months. It has helped his behavior, sleeping, confidence, and just so many levels. Like everything, practice and repetition. They not only help teach martial arts but help instill the structure, discipline, and values we teach our kids at home. Positive reinforcement. Waiting for my 8-month-old to get old enough to join."

 J.R.

 ## Our daughter has improved her self-esteem and self-confidence "We brought our daughter to Victory to help her with her self-esteem, self-confidence, discipline and self-defense. It has been 13 months since she started and her teacher told us today that she is a leader in her class, helps other students, is a role model and speaks up when she has questions and to volunteer. This, from a kindergartener who would shyly, half way raise her hand to participate. Thank you so much!"

 S.N.J.

 Previous
 Next

 ## You deserve to be happy and look fantastic! And with a free lesson, you can effortlessly start your path to success.

 ### No Commitments

 ### No Payment Required

 ### For New Students Only

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 What should I wear to my first martial arts class?
 Wear something you’ll feel comfortable moving in—simple sportswear. And remember a bottle of water.

 What can I expect from my first martial arts class?
 Your first class will be an introduction to the basic concepts and techniques of martial arts. You will probably spend most of the class practicing these techniques. And don’t worry if you don’t get them perfectly. The important thing is to have fun and get a taste of what martial arts has to offer.

 What if I have prior experience in martial arts?
 That’s awesome! Feel free to mention that to our instructors so they can recommend a group where you’ll learn the most while having a great time. And welcome back to the martial arts world!

 Do I need to be in shape to take martial arts classes?
 One of the best things about martial arts is that it is accessible to everyone. After each class, you’ll feel better, stronger, and more confident in your abilities to master different techniques.
 You will tone your muscles while having tons of fun in classes. So no, you don’t have to be in your best physical condition to start learning martial arts. Here at Victory, we promote healthier lifestyles; therefore, training with us may lead you to your best self.

 Ask Us a Question
 Ask Us a Question
 " * " indicates required fields

 Your Name
 Your Email *
 Your Question *

 ## Claim Your Free Lesson Here:

 " * " indicates required fields

 First Name *
 Last Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 Select State * Select Your State Arizona California Colorado Florida Michigan Nevada Texas Virginia

 Select a School in Florida * Select a School Apopka – Wekiva (Apopka, Wekiva, Longwood) Clearwater (Clearwater, Safety Harbor, Countryside, Oldsmar) Clermont (Clermont, Winter Garden, Minneola, Groveland) Dr. Phillips (Dr Phillips, Orlando, Ocoee, Windermere) Hunters Creek (Hunters Creek, Celebration, Southchase, Kissimmee) Lake Mary (Lake Mary, Apopka, Sanford, Altamonte Springs) Lake Nona (Lake Nona, Meadow Woods, St. Cloud) Longwood (Longwood, Altamonte Springs, Casselberry, Apopka) Maitland (Maitland, Winter Park, College Park, Altamonte Springs) Ocoee (Ocoee, Windermere, Winter Garden, Gotha) Oviedo (Oviedo, Winter Springs, Redbug, Casselberry) Palm Harbor (Palm Harbor, Dunedin, Tarpon Springs, East Lake) Waterford Lakes (Waterford Lakes, Avalon Park, Wedgefield, East Orlando)

 Select a School in California * Select a School Blossom Hill (Blossom Hills, Almaden Valley, Dartmouth) Kickforce Encinitas (Encinitas, Rancho Santa Fe, La Costa) Kickforce Mira Mesa (Mira Mesa, Scripps Ranch, Rancho Penasquitos) Morgan Hill (Morgan Hill, San Martin, Gilroy) Santa Teresa (Santa Teresa, Blossom Valley, Canoas East, South Santa Teresa) Stevenson Ranch (Stevenson Ranch, Valencia, Westridge) Encino

 Select a School in Arizona * Select a School Mesa (Mesa, Gilbert, Chandler) Augusta Ranch ((Mesa, Apache Junction, Gold Canyon, Gilbert) Victory PHX Central Victory PHX Glendale

 Select a School in Colorado * Select a School Arvada (Arvada, Candelas, Leyden Rock, West Woods Ridge) Golden (Golden, Applewood, Mount Vernon Club Place, Eagle Ridge) Littleton (Littleton, Ken Caryl, Bow Mar, Columbine)

 Select a School in Michigan * Select a School Okemos (Okemos, East Lansing, Haslett, Mason) Williamston (Williamston, Dansville, Fowlerville, Webberville)

 Select a School in Missouri * Select a School K2L Raintree(Lee’s Summit, Raymore, Greenwood, Lake Winnebago, Lake Lotawana) K2L Douglas (Lees Summit, Raytown, Independence, Blue Springs, and Lakewood Area)

 Select a School in Nevada * Select a School Boca Park (Boca Park, Peccole Ranch, The Willows, The Lakes) Deer Springs (Deer Springs, Aliante, North Las Vegas, Nellis Air Force Base) Grand Canyon (Grand Canyon, Southwest Las Vegas, Spring Valley, Spanish Trails) Shadow Hills (Shadow Hills, Summerlin North, Providence, Summerlin West) Sky Pointe (Sky Pointe, Centennial Hills, Skye Canyon, Northwest) Summerlin (Summerlin, Summerlin South, The Mesa, The Ridges) Tenaya (Tenaya, Desert Shores, Summerlin, Painted Desert)

 Select a School in Texas * Select a School Alamo Heights (Alamo Heighs, Fort Sam Houston, Lincoln Heights, Olmos Park) Bandera (Bandera, Alamo Ranch, Elotes, Leon Valley) Hardy Oak (Hardy Oak, Shavano Park, Timberwood Park, Spring Branch) Leon Springs (Leon Springs, Boerne/Fair Oaks Areas, The Dominion/Cross Mountain, Scenic Oaks) Stone Oak (Stone Oak, Shavano Park, Hollywood Park, Timberwood Park) Stone Ridge (Stone Ridge, Encino Park/Encino Creek, Hollywood Park, Universal City) Bulverde

 Select a School in Virginia * Select a School Centreville (Centreville, Chantilly, Clifton) Leesburg (Leesburg, Ashburn, Loudoun, Purceville)

 What are the names and ages of those participating?
 Consent * By providing your number you consent to receive marketing, promotional, notification messages from us. Opt-out anytime by replying STOP. Msg & Data rates may apply
 CAPTCHA

 ### Contact Information

 Victory Corporate Headquarters

 4418 Edgewater Drive

 Orlando,

 Florida,

 32804

 (877) 797-7988

 Contact Us

 REDEEM
 One of our Exclusive Web Offers
 SCHEDULE
 Your First Introductory Lesson
 PICKUP
 Your Free Victory T-shirt & Begin Martial Arts!

 #### Monthly Success Tips

 Email field
 Subscribe

 Instagram Facebook-square Youtube
