---
source_url: https://www.victoryma.com/school/mesa-arizona
final_url: https://www.victoryma.com/school/mesa-arizona/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:14.766Z
---

Skip to content Twitter Instagram Facebook-square Youtube

 Get Our Current Web Special

 Menu

 Get Our Current Web Special

 Menu

 Instagram Facebook-square Youtube

 # Mesa, Arizona

 ## Experience The Power of Martial Arts

 # Serving Mesa, Gilbert and Chandler Area

 Book a Free Intro Lesson Today

 0 +
 Five Star Reviews

 0 +
 Years of Experience

 0 +
 Students Achieved Their Goals

 ## Programs

 ### Preschoolers 3 - 4 Year Olds

 ### Kids 5 - 12 Year Olds

 ### Teens 13 - 17 Year Olds

 ### Family

 ### Adults

 ## Our Victory Team

 ## Mr. DeSmith Director

 ## Mr. R. Pederson Chief Instructor

 ## Word of the Founder

 ## Grand Master Von Schmeling - Founder & President of Victory Martial Arts

 Since 1993, Victory Martial Arts has been helping people find their personal victory through fitness, family and fun!
 Born in South America, Grand Master Von Schmeling earned his black belt at the age of 18. At 19 he opened his first of five martial arts schools in Paraguay.

 ## Gallery

 Previous
 Next

 ## Our Victory:

 Play
 Play
 Play
 Play
 Play

 Previous
 Next

 ## Here is What Our Students Say:

 ## They care about the families' and kids’ well-being "My family is having a great experience and results with Victory, great staff and instructors. They care about the families and well-being of our kids. Elevating our kid's confidence, discipline, self-defense and martial arts techniques."

 Lorenzo M.

 ## My daughter has grown not only in skill but as a person… "We've been attending classes for a year now and I have seen my daughter grow not only in skill but as a person. I've also watched many other children learn discipline, come out of their shells with newfound self-confidence, and become leaders... I can't recommend them enough. Also, I have lived watching my daughter make friendships that will last a lifetime, with the other kids working their way up to blackbelts! If you are considering martial arts for yourself or your children, tell them I sent you for 2 free weeks. You absolutely won't regret it"

 C.Z.

 ## The behavior of my child has improved "My main concern was the discipline in my child’s life. He was a bit hyper before attending Victory Martial Arts and had a hard time following instructions. Since we’ve been coming to the school, he has made a huge improvement in his behavior and is really enjoying himself."

 T.D.

 ## My son has improved his behavior, sleeping, and confidence… "I have been taking my son here for about 6 months. It has helped his behavior, sleeping, confidence, and just so many levels. Like everything, practice and repetition. They not only help teach martial arts but help instill the structure, discipline, and values we teach our kids at home. Positive reinforcement. Waiting for my 8-month-old to get old enough to join."

 J.R.

 ## Our daughter has improved her self-esteem and self-confidence "We brought our daughter to Victory to help her with her self-esteem, self-confidence, discipline and self-defense. It has been 13 months since she started and her teacher told us today that she is a leader in her class, helps other students, is a role model and speaks up when she has questions and to volunteer. This, from a kindergartener who would shyly, half way raise her hand to participate. Thank you so much!"

 S.N.J.

 Previous
 Next

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Is it safe to learn martial arts?
 Absolutely! Starting martial arts may sound frightening, especially if you watch aggressive TV shows or MMA competitions. But here at Victory, we make sure that you don’t have to spar or have physical contact if you don’t want to. Your safety is our top priority.

 How is Victory Martial Arts different from other martial arts schools?
 We care about our students’ potential. We genuinely want you to succeed in life and be able to accomplish every goal. That’s why our programs are specially designed to maximize our students’ potential by changing their behavior through embracing discipline, all while having tons of fun in classes.

 Do I only learn different movements and combinations?
 While teaching martial arts is in the spotlight, our students get even more from their classes in Victory. They learn how to make discipline work for them in order to choose something and achieve it. They know how to walk the talk because they are honest with themselves and respect others. Their communication skills improve because they understand other people and cherish communication as a link between the world and themselves. And on top of all of that, their self-esteem grows. They accept and love themselves for who they are.

 Can I join classes if I’m a beginner?
 Of course! We don’t train groups. We teach individuals in a supportive group environment. Therefore, we’ll ensure that you can easily and effectively learn at your own pace. And don’t worry. Every champion was once a beginner!

 How many times per week should I attend classes?
 That’s up to you, but for the best results, we usually recommend two classes per week at least. You can create a schedule that works best for you with the help of your instructor.

 What do I need for my first class?
 Wear comfortable clothes and don’t forget to bring a bottle of water.
 1And that’s all. You are ready to start your journey to victory.

 How do I sign up for the classes?
 Just click here and fill out the form. It takes less than 2 minutes, and you don’t need a credit card. Your first class will be free because we want you to feel the atmosphere of our classes before joining us.

 Ask Us a Question
 Ask Us a Question
 " * " indicates required fields

 Your Name
 Your Email *
 Your Question *

 ## Book a Free Private Lesson

 " * " indicates required fields

 First Name *
 Last Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 What are the names and ages of those participating?
 Consent * By providing your number you consent to receive marketing, promotional, notification messages from us. Opt-out anytime by replying STOP. Msg & Data rates may apply
 CAPTCHA

 ### Contact Information

 Victory Martial Arts - Mesa, Arizona

 1914 East Baseline Road, Suite 103

 Mesa,

 Arizona,

 85204

 480-497-0515

 mesa@victoryma.com

 REDEEM
 One of our Exclusive Web Offers
 SCHEDULE
 Your First Introductory Lesson
 PICKUP
 Your Free Victory T-shirt & Begin Martial Arts!

 #### Monthly Success Tips

 Email field
 Subscribe

 Instagram Facebook-square Youtube
