---
source_url: http://fightorflightnorman.com/
final_url: https://fightorflightnorman.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:22.528Z
---

# Fight or Flight Fitness & James White Fitness Fight or Flight Fitness & James White Fitness Fight or Flight Fitness & James White Fitness Fight or Flight Fitness & James White Fitness

 Training the mind and body.

 Find a Class

 ## Voted "Best Martial Arts Gym" Norman Transcript Readers Choice Awards 2022, 2023, 2024, 2025

 ## About Us #### Qualified Owners & Instructors Train with professionals and champions who know what it takes to get you to your goals.

 #### Professor James White - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Professor Allen Mohler - IBJJF Certified - 6x NAGA Expert Champion - 2021 IBJJF No-Gi Pans Gold Medalist - 3x Jiu Jitsu World League Champion - AGF Gold Medalist - Submission Challenge Champion - 6-0-1 BJJ Super Fight Record. - 4 Years Muay Thai study under Saekson Janjira (2005 - 2009) - Veteran of 18 professional MMA fights - Coach to world champion competitors and teams

 #### Samantha White - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 3 Stripe Purple Belt under Professor James White - IBJJF NoGi Pans 2022 Gold Medalist - NAGA 2022 Gold Medalist - IBJJF Certified - BJJ Instructor - Fitness Instructor

 ## MARTIAL ARTS AND GROUP FITNESS SCHEDULE
 - - - - - -

 ## "It's not just a gym, it's a family."
 - - - - - - - - -

 1/5

 ## A Fight or Flight Story #### The JWF Kids Team: A Fight or Flight Story Episode 1 Join our championship kids Jiu-Jitsu team as they go from a small team of a few passionate kids on the mats to a team on the podium in Episode One of the James White Fitness video series.

 #### The JWF Women’s Team : A Fight or Flight Story Episode 2 Be inspired by our bad ass women in martial arts.

 The JWF Men’s Team : A Fight or Flight Story: Episode 3

 ## Fitness Challenge

 ### Team Mohler

 ###### James White Fitness is proud to be a ## Team Mohler Affiliate School Professor Allen Mohler
 - 5th Degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - 30 years experience - 19 years Boxing and Muay Thai Boxing - 7 years Kali (weapons training)

 Team Mohler Website - Learn More

 ## Tuition & Fees ### Fitness Challenges
 Adults and Teens ages 13 & up

 #### 6 Week Fitness Challenge $130/6 wks

 Monday, Wednesday & Friday for 6 weeks

 ### Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai Classes
 Adults and Teens ages 13 & up

 #### Individual Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or Muay Thai Membership $120/Month

 Includes all available Jiu Jitsu classes plus open mat/sparring and competition prep.

 #### Siblings (2)/Couples Unlimited Adult Martial Arts $240/month

 Includes all Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Classes plus open mat/sparring and competition prep.

 #### Individual Unlimited Adult Martial Arts $150/month

 Includes all Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Classes plus open mat/sparring and competition prep.

 ### Kids Martial Arts
 Add a description about your children classes

 #### Individual Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu $120/Month

 For 1 child, age 12 & Under

 #### Unlimited Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Siblings $240/Month

 For 2 children, ages 12 & Under

 ### Family Martial Arts Memberships
 Add a description about your children classes

 #### Family Discount - Adult Martial Arts & Kids Jiu Jitsu Only $320/Month

 For 3 or more immediate family members living in the same household. Includes Kids Jiu Jitsu, Adult Jiu Jitsu, Adult Muay Thai, Adult MMA, does not include Kids Striking

 #### Family Discount - Adult & Kids All Martial Arts $420/Month

 For 3 or more immediate family members living in the same household. Includes Kids Jiu Jitsu, Kids Striking, Adult Jiu Jitsu, Adult Muay Thai, & Adult MMA

 ### Drop - In

 #### Drop in to any class for $15/class

 ### Private Instruction

 #### Call for Pricing: 405-245-6992

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Please contact us if you cannot find an answer to your question.

 What if I don't have any martial arts experience? We train people from all walks of life and all backgrounds. No martial arts experience necessary.

 What if I am a seasoned martial artist looking for high level competition? Our jiu jitsu team participates in tournaments all over regularly, from AGF, NAGA, IBJJF, and on. We also train kickboxing and MMA fighters and we have the only 30' regulation MMA ring in Oklahoma. Our fighters regularly get invitations to a wide range of fight cards across the region.

 What if I am not in shape at all, will I be able to do the fitness challenge? All exercises in the fitness challenge can be modified to meet your fitness level and physical needs.

 What if I am in great shape and looking for a level up? Will the fitness challenge be right for me? We have a variety of weights and other modifications that can adequately challenge people of all fitness levels, including those at advanced levels.

 What can my child expect to gain from martial arts training? Martial Arts is training for the mind and body. It's a great opportunity for kids to build positive self esteem and find community. We focus on character development with positive and encouraging coaching strategies. Your child will learn work ethic, dedication, teamwork and have a blast doing it!

 ### Join Our Mailing List
 Email

 Sign up

 ## Contact Us

 #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our programs, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible!

 #### Fight or Flight Fitness Norman 1309 24th Avenue Southwest, Norman, Oklahoma 73072, United States
 (405) 245-6992 fightorflightfitnessllc@gmail.com

 #### Hours Monday - Friday: 5pm - 9pm
 Saturday: Closed
 Sunday: 10am - 2pm

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
