---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetjjcor.com/membership.html
final_url: https://www.10thplanetjjcor.com/membership.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:41.490Z
---

10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Corona

 ## FULL ACCESS (Ages 15+) Month to Month For a monthly fee of $165.00, plus a one-time registration fee of $150.00, you will receive unlimited access to all our weekly classes. For more details, please visit our website to view the class schedule. | | Paid in Full 1 Year (Waive Registration) By paying for a full year in advance, you’ll receive unlimited access to all classes throughout the week. As a bonus, we’ll waive the $150 registration fee and include a complimentary rash guard or t-shirt, while supplies last. Please visit our website to view the full class schedule.

 ## BASIC ACCESS (Ages 15+) Month to Month 2x Week For $125 per month, plus a one-time registration fee of $150, you can train twice a week. Please visit our website to view the class schedule. | Paid in Full 1 Year 2x Week (Waive Registration) By paying for a full year in advance, you’ll receive unlimited access to all classes throughout the week. As a bonus, we’ll waive the $150 registration fee and include a complimentary rash guard or t-shirt, while supplies last. Please visit our website to view the full class schedule. | | Paid in Full 1 Year 2x Week (Waive Registration) | | By paying for a full year in advance, you’ll receive unlimited access to all classes throughout the week. As a bonus, we’ll waive the $150 registration fee and include a complimentary rash guard or t-shirt, while supplies last. Please visit our website to view the full class schedule.

 KIDS CLASS (Ages 5 - 14)
 Month to Month For $125 per month, plus a one-time registration fee of $150, kids ages 5-14 years can enjoy full access to all scheduled kids classes. Please visit our website to view the class schedule for specific times and dates. | | | Month to Month | | For $125 per month, plus a one-time registration fee of $150, kids ages 5-14 years can enjoy full access to all scheduled kids classes. Please visit our website to view the class schedule for specific times and dates. | | Paid in Full 1 Year (15% Discount) By paying for a full year in advance, you’ll receive unlimited access to all kid classes, ages 5-14 years, throughout the week. As a bonus, we’ll waive the $150 registration fee and include a complimentary rash guard or t-shirt, while supplies last. Please visit our website to view the full class schedule. | | | | Paid in Full 1 Year (15% Discount) | | By paying for a full year in advance, you’ll receive unlimited access to all kid classes, ages 5-14 years, throughout the week. As a bonus, we’ll waive the $150 registration fee and include a complimentary rash guard or t-shirt, while supplies last. Please visit our website to view the full class schedule.
