---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetjjcor.com
final_url: https://www.10thplanetjjcor.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:41.747Z
---

10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Corona

 WELCOME,Are you ready to embark on an exhilarating journey into the world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Look no further than 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Corona, the fastest-growing style of Jiu Jitsu developed by the legendary Master Eddie Bravo. This isn't your traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu—it's a revolutionary approach that will transform the way you think about martial arts.While traditional Jiu Jitsu relies heavily on the Japanese Kimono or Gi to submit opponents, 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu breaks free from these constraints. Imagine mastering techniques that focus on clinching and over-hooking your opponent, making you more effective against punches and in real-life street fights. Eddie Bravo designed this style specifically to empower MMA fighters and evolve Brazilian Jiu Jitsu into a formidable form of self-defense.Join us today and become part of a dynamic community that is pushing the boundaries of martial arts. Whether you're a seasoned fighter or a complete beginner, 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Corona offers a unique and exciting way to enhance your skills, boost your confidence, and achieve your fitness goals. Don't wait—start your journey with us now and experience the thrill of 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu!​ contact us join today! | contact us | join today! |

 I agree to receiving marketing and promotional materials *

 Subscribe to Newsletter

 ## LATEST NEWS AND EVENTS! Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Kids Ages 4–6 ​ Our new Jiu-Jitsu class for young kids is designed to help little ones build confidence, stay active, and have fun in a safe and encouraging environment. Through age-appropriate instruction, children learn important skills like listening, coordination, balance, focus, and teamwork while enjoying exciting movement-based activities. Jiu-Jitsu is a great foundation for kids because it teaches discipline, respect, self-control, and perseverance in a way that is both fun and engaging. It also helps children develop healthy social skills, burn off energy, and grow stronger both physically and mentally. This is a wonderful opportunity for your child to learn, play, and thrive while making new friends and building confidence every step of the way. |

 ​JOIN OUR NEWS LETTER AND STAY ON TOP OF THE LATEST SEMINARS | * Indicates required field Email * I agree to receiving marketing and promotional materials * Subscribe to Newsletter |

 ## CLASSES ​JIU JITSU FOR ADULT ​10th Planet Jiu-jitsu is an unorthodox style of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu founded by Eddie Bravo. Jiu Jitsu is a martial arts and combat sport that teaches a smaller person how to defend themselves against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper technique. Jiu Jitsu will increase self-confidence, helps build strength, flexibility, and endurance, all while learning the art of self-defense. | JIU JITSU FOR KIDS ​There’s nothing more important than giving a child supportive, yet challenging goals. Our kids Jiu Jitsu classes will help your child flourish with newfound confidence, focus, and motivation by giving them the tools and positive reinforcement they need to set and reach attainable goals. Our well-trained staff is ready to give your child the support and direction they need to succeed on the mat and in life.

 ## INSTRUCTORS​ Jeremy Fields 10TH PLANET BLACK BELT - HEAD INSTRUCTOR Jeremy Fields is internationally recognized as one of the most experienced and innovative instructors in the 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu System. He began his Jiu-Jitsu journey in 1999 at a Royce Gracie affiliate school and transitioned in 2006 to train under Master Eddie Bravo in Los Angeles. It was there that he truly grasped the intricacies of No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu.Jeremy has trained with some of the world's top Jiu-Jitsu practitioners and is not only an instructor but also an active and renowned competitor in the Jiu-Jitsu community. His passion for competition keeps him at the forefront of the latest and most effective techniques in No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu.Jeremy is dedicated to sharing his knowledge and the new techniques he acquires with his students, a quality that distinguishes him as an exceptionally effective instructor. He currently holds the rank of certified 2nd degree 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt under Master Eddie Bravo and serves as the owner and head instructor of "Academy Of Kings" 10th Planet Corona. | | | |

 Location ​​10TH PLANET JIU JITSU CORONA​12391 Sampson Ave. Suite L Corona, CA 92503(951) 880-3870 | | | |

 ## SHOP KINGS WEAR Shop our exclusive collection of 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Corona attire and look like a King!
 Call to order.
 | |
