---
source_url: https://acesjiujitsuclub.com
final_url: https://acesjiujitsuclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:37.479Z
---

# Want to train with the best BJJ team in Texas? Grab your 100% FREE first session and get up to 3 FREE months of BJJ, Muay Thai, or Fitness Kickboxing when you sign up.

 ## Our Classes

 ## BJJ Core Class

 ## Fitness Kickboxing

 ## Muay Thai

 ## Women's Self Defense

 ## Family Martial Arts

 ## Advanced BJJ

 ## BJJ Core

 ## Fitness

 ## Muay Thai

 ## Women's Jiu Jitsu

 ## Kids BJJ

 ## Advanced BJJ

 ### Professor Mikal Abdullah

 After the military Jiu Jitsu was huge lifeline to improve health, meet some of the best friends I could ask for, and a healthy outlet to continue my journey growing into the best version of me.
 And sharing that same experience with new friends like you has been our guiding light since we opened our first location in 2013.

 If you're looking for fun, fitness, and self defense through Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, MMA, and a GREAT community of new friends - then grab a totally free session and see for yourself how we have become #1 in each area we open a location.

 ### FUN ### FITNESS ### SELF DEFENSE

 ## Aces Jiu Jitsu Club is featured in...

 I WANT 3 FREE MONTHS!
 I WANT 3 FREE MONTHS!

 I WANT 3 FREE MONTHS!

 ## FAQs

 ### How did Aces Jiu Jitsu Club become the best BJJ team in the area?
 As a quick stat Aces Jiu Jitsu Club is #1 in competition in the region.
 Unlike other BJJ gyms where they often just teach you "moves" and then let you learn the rest on your own...
 Aces Jiu Jitsu Club club was designed to help everyone interested in decoding BJJ by using time tested methods to teach you the logic of "Why and how BJJ fundamentals works?"
 And the proof is in the results with Aces Jiu Jitsu Club being ranked #1 year after year. Just check out one example below and then set up your first session today!

 ### What is your training schedule?
 Aces Jiu Jitsu Club is a full time training facility with a schedule to fit most any schedule.
 Just click HERE to see you schedules by city.

 ### How often do you teach Kids BJJ Classes?
 We teach Kids BJJ 6 days a week to help accomodate most parents schedules and start as young as 4 years old for our 30 min "Lil Aces Program" after 6 years old our kids move into our "Junior Aces" program.
 By the time kids become teenagers we often move them into our adult classes where they can overcome more obstacles on the mats.

 ### Does Aces teach MMA?
 Aces Jiu Jitsu Club has several classes to help you reach your MMA training goals and we have even had several of our coaches, team members, and students get all the way to earning their spot to fighting for MMA companies like The UFC, Bellator, and ONE FC.
 Our approach for most beginner and intermediate players is to help them sharpen their craft in one of our specialty classes for BJJ or Muay Thai.
 Grab a totally FREE session with a coach and let them know if this is one of your goals!

 ### How does the Aces discount program work?
 Its SUPER simple. Aces loves to give back where it can to our local community "Heros". If you are in any of the following groups then make sure to ask for your "HERO DISCOUNT" when you come in...
 - Veteran/Active Military - Law Enforcement - School Teachers - Nurses
 Just bring work ID (or a copy of your dd214 for vets) to confirm your status.

 ### Can BJJ help me lose weight?
 Thankfully the internet is full of success stories of weight loss while training BJJ. Just click HERE to check some out!
 Training BJJ is essentially playing a game that requires full body movement. So as you get better you get a fantastic workout!
 BJJ is also a great exercise at any age or level of fitness for this same reason.
 And its all at YOUR pace!

 ### What are your membership prices?
 Unlike other BJJ gyms, Aces Jiu Jitsu Club creates a program based on your goals that doesn't break the bank!
 In order for us to figure out which program best fits you, just grab a totally free session at our closest location (at the top of the page) and one of our award-winning coaches will help you identify and figure out a program and schedule to help you crush your goals!

 ### Does Aces host seminars?
 Aces Jiu Jitsu consistently hosts the following seminar types:
 - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Muay Thai - MMA - Self Defense for Adults - Self Defense for Kids (Aces Bully Proof)
 Due to our hard work on the mats and in community building we have lots of seminars taught by our own award winning coaches as well as celebrity coaches from all over who come in to train with our team like Chuck Liddell, Jeff Monson, Ricco Rodriguez, Rigan Machado, Jake Shields, Mike Perez, and more...
 Just ask a coach when you come in for a schedule.

 ## FEATURED WINNING many team awards with... ##### (but not limited to..)

 I WANT 3 FREE MONTHS!

 I WANT 3 FREE MONTHS!

 I WANT 3 FREE MONTHS!

 ## COME TRAIN WITH US! ##### And CRUSH your BJJ, Muay Thai, Fitness, and MMA goals at our Award-Winning locations in Austin, Pflugerville, Houston, Fort Worth and MORE COMING SOON...

 Austin

 Pflugerville

 Houston

 Fort Worth
