---
source_url: http://rebellionselfdefensegjj.com
final_url: https://rebellionselfdefensegjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:52.674Z
---

## Welcome # Training your mind and body Training your mind and body Training your mind and body Training your mind and body

 Self defense is not just a set of techniques; it’s a state of mind. It begins with the belief you are worth defending.

 Find a Class

 ## About Us #### Qualified Instructor #### Qualified Instructor #### Qualified Instructor
 Our head instructor is a black belt under Professor Dave Ruiz. Ryon has been a Gracie student for over 20 years and has loved every minute of it!

 #### Old School Academy #### Qualified Instructor #### Qualified Instructor
 Our academy Is old-school. It’s very reminiscent of where the Gracie’s started.

 #### Our Philosophy #### Qualified Instructor #### Our Philosophy
 Rebellion Self Defense and GJJ is a direct affiliate of Gracie Jiu Jitsu Carlsbad and brought to Denver by black belt Professor Ryon Luscombe. At Rebellion we empower men, women and children with the necessary tools to reach your goals. Our instructor trains your mind, body and soul by teaching the highest level of Gracie Jiu Jitsu. Ou

 Show More
 Rebellion Self Defense and GJJ is a direct affiliate of Gracie Jiu Jitsu Carlsbad and brought to Denver by black belt Professor Ryon Luscombe. At Rebellion we empower men, women and children with the necessary tools to reach your goals. Our instructor trains your mind, body and soul by teaching the highest level of Gracie Jiu Jitsu. Our program will get you on the road to becoming a Gracie black belt.

 Show Less

 ## Weekly Classes
 ### Mon-Thursday

 #### Self Defense and Jiu Jitsu #### 4:00pm #### - #### 6:00pm

 ### Mon-Thursday

 #### Self Defense and Jiu Jitsu
 #### 4:00pm #### - #### 6:00pm

 ### Saturday

 #### Open Mat #### 8:00am #### - #### 10:00am

 ### Saturday

 #### Open Mat
 #### 8:00am #### - #### 10:00am

 ## Reviews

 ## Social

 ## Join Our Mailing List Be the first to hear about upcoming class registration, special events, and free trials.
 RebellionGJJ@gmail.com

 Sign up

 ## Contact Us

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Rebellion Self Defense and GJJ 3047 West 74th Avenue Unit B (upstairs) Westminster, Colorado 80030, United States
 (303)570-3887 (720)218-6317 RebellionGJJ@gmail.com

 #### Hours Open today | 04:00 pm – 06:00 pm |

 Monday - Thursday 4:00pm-6:00pm
 Saturday 8:00am-10:00am
 Friday and Sunday - Appointment only

 Get in Touch! #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
