---
source_url: https://martialartsjacksonvillefl.com
final_url: https://martialartsjacksonvillefl.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:10.116Z
---

#### Jacksonville Jean Jacques Machado Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness - Oakleaf

 Call Today

 #### 904-300-1607

 Jacksonville, FL

 ## A Jean Jacques Machado Affiliate

 ###### Established in 2013

 ##### Request an Appointment

 Call 904-300-1607

 or

 send a message

 Someone from our team will contact you.

 ##### REVIEWS

 - What a Great Place To Learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Jacksonville, Florida!!! My Kids Love It and Will Continue To Learn One of The Best Martial Arts Around. Trained By Professor David Werner (Black Belt) By Way of Jean Jacques Machado Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!!!- Nate Jones. 9/1/2019 - Jean Jacques Machado Jiu-Jitsu is an iconic and legendary name. Come see the new academy and learn Jiu-Jitsu from Professor David who will ensure that your kids and teens as well as adults are ready to defend themselves as they progress through an amazing journey called Jiu-Jitsu.- Greg Hamilton. 7/14/2019 - First Timer and loved it. Will definitely continue to come back and make this my home. 👌- Andre Gibson. 1/6/2019 - Awesome place! Had a great class tonight. Very knowledgeable and humble instructors. Prof David leads a school with a great atmosphere conducive for learning and very inviting for a visiting student.- Honorio Martir. 1/5/2019 - Professor David is a great instructor. He has built a real Jiu Jitsu family at his Academy. It was such an honor to meet Jean Jaques Machado when he came and ran a seminar this past summer. This gym is full of awesome people who build you up and accept you from moment 1. Love this place!- Pipeline Financial Solutions. 1/15/2017 - I'm new to BJJ, but I've had an awesome experience here so far. Professor David does a great job breaking down the basics in a way that I wont get overwhelmed. The atmosphere of the gym is amazing too. Everyone is always ready to train and are great at building eachother up. I would definitely look here first if your looking to get in to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.- Robert Farris. 11/9/2016 - Over the last 2 years my entire family has joined Knuckle Up. My husband is training in BJJ, my 4 year old has taken both Karate and kids BJJ, and I go for the Kickboxing classes. There truly is something for everyone here. The classes are great, as are the people!- Shannon Reed. 10/23/2016 - My wife and I have been going here for about 8 months or so and we absolutely love it. Family friendly environment with great people. Whether it's the BJJ or the kickboxing no two classes will ever be the same. Don't go anywhere else in Jax!!!- kyle keeler. 10/17/2016 - On my first day Here I was family. not only did I get great training I had fun learning more about the history and background of Brazilian jujitsu. the group at this place became my friends and motivators not only in this sport but in life my son loves it and to see him light up about going just made me want to go more and more if your looking for A great experience this is the place to try.... we love it - Sha Hill. 10/17/2016 - I have lost 37lbs since the New Year. 19lbs since joining Knuckle Up for Jiu Jitsu in late April. I weighed 213lbs this morning which means I am literally the smallest I've been in 15 years. I am not sure I would have been able to do it without my new friends at the gym. The instructors are awesome and patient. The classes and members are all supportive and willing to help. I enjoy this place more than I can express on social media. January 2016 - A follow up on this review. I am still a member of this gym and currently working toward my goals in Jiu Jitsu. My weight has dropped to 185 lbs. So in 10 months I have lost 65 total. The people here are awesome and I consider all of them family. November 2016 - My entire family have now joined Knuckle Up and couldnt be happier. This place is my second home.- Stephen . 10/17/2016 - First thing, I love this place! And I would recommend it anyone looking to make a positive change in their life. I have been with the school for about 3.5 years now, and it has become a second home for me. The instructor, David, is awesome. I've been coming 2-5 days a week for the jiu jitsu program since I started, and everyday is always something new and fun. But my favorite thing about Knuckle Up has got to be the people here. From the very first day I walked in the door I felt welcomed, everyone is always very friendly and willing to help me whenever I need. So anyone looking for a fun and engaging way to workout, just come in and visit us.- Kristna N. 10/16/2016 - I have been taking the kickboxing class since January 2014, without becoming bored or losing interest in going. My overall level of fitness has increased drastically! I toned & firmed up those female problem areas, while enjoying what I was doing! I could not imagine going anywhere else. The schedule of classes works well with any schedule you might have. The owner & the other students are always willing to help you out and are totally supportive of each other.- Naomi Mellos. 4/5/2016 - I have been training for about a year now and I can't imagine training anywhere else. The owner’s go out of their way to provide the best training with quality instruction in a clean and safe environment. From beginner to advanced, this is the place to train.- Sean Carolan. 7/13/2015

 15 Reviews

 Read More Reviews

 - SERVICESJiu Jitsu ClassesStudying Jiu Jitsu offers many benefits for students of all ages. At Knuckle up Jacksonville Jean Jacques Machado Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness in Jacksonville, FL, I offer traditional Jiu Jitsu classes in an open, enr...moreJiu Jitsu For KidsAt Knuckle up Jacksonville Jean Jacques Machado Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness, I believe that everyone should understand, at the very least, the most basic tenets of self defense...moreSelf Defense for GroupsMany people think that self-defense classes are meant to teach you how to fight, but that's only in the worst case scenario. In reality, self defense actually means doing everything in your power to avoid getting into...moreSelf Defense for WomenIf you're searching for a fun way to exercise and build confidence, consider going to a female self-defense institute. My school, Knuckle Up Martial Arts And Fitness, is here to provide specialized guidance for women. I’...more - SERVICESJiu Jitsu For KidsAt Knuckle up Jacksonville Jean Jacques Machado Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness, I believe that everyone should understand, at the very least, the most basic tenets of self defense. More than just a means of protecting...more

 #### Self Defense and Martial Arts Course in Jacksonville, FL

 Taking self-defense and martial arts courses can help you improve your sense of confidence in dealing with a variety of situations. If you’re a resident of Jacksonville, FL, I encourage you to seek training with me at Knuckle Up Martial Arts And Fitness. I have flexible hours, and you can rest assured I’ll strive to do everything possible to satisfy any concerns you might have.

 When you experience my level of attention to detail, you’ll be impressed. I'll work closely with you to help you achieve your goals. My school specializes in:

 - Jiu jitsu classes - Self-defense for women - Self-defense for groups

 My hours are Monday - Tuesday and Thursday, 10am - 9pm; Wednesday, 5pm - 9pm; and Saturday, 10am - 1pm. If you’d like to make arrangements for a self-defense and martial arts course, give me a call today. I accept students from throughout Jacksonville and the surrounding areas.

 ###### My family

 My family is your family

 ##### hours

 Mon: 10:00am - 9:00pm Tue: 10:00am - 9:00pm Wed: 10:00am - 9:00pm Thur: 10:00am - 9:00pm Fri: Closed Sat: 10:00am - 1:00pm Sun: Closed

 ##### phone

 904-300-1607

 ##### Request an Appointment

 Name *

 Email *

 Phone *

 Message *

 SendMessage

 #### Message Sent. Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you shortly.

 #### Error Bad respond
