---
source_url: http://sibjjmma.com/
final_url: https://sibjjmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:12.582Z
---

## Train hard, fight easy.

 Our Instructors bring decades of mixed martial arts and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu experience to the hands of our students. We provide them with the tools to succeed in reaching their goals. Building fighters, building confidence, building a healthy lifestyle.

 Sign up today!

 Name * First
 Last

 Email *

 Let's Train!

 ## OUR TEAM

 ## Meet the Instructors

 ## Mark Fileccia

 Coach Fileccia is a black belt in Brazilian-Jui-Jitsu and a former Muay Thai kickboxing champion. He has won numerous MMA, kickboxing and boxing matches. In 2002, Mark Fileccia won the NYC Muay Thai kickboxing title under world champion Louis Neglia at “Combat at the Capitals” in Manhattan. In 2006, Coach Fileccia became the Northeast Muay Thai champion after his victory over the undefeated David Gonzales. This match unified the titles of New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut under one organization for the first time in 12 years. Mark Fileccia successfully defended his titles for 2 years. He retired from kickboxing, undefeated, in 2009. In 2013, Coach Fileccia won the New Jersey State MMA title for “Dead Serious Fight League”. Additionally, Mark Fileccia is a proud member of the FDNY Grapplers team. He has a masters degree in accounting from Wagner College and is currently a Captain for the Fire Department of New York.

 ## MARCIO BITTENCOURT

 Professor Bittencourt is a 5th Degree Brazilian-Jui-Jitsu black belt and professional MMA fighter from Brazil and is currently the highest ranking BJJ Instructor on Staten Island. Marcia Bittencourt began his training more than 30 years ago under the tutelage of world champion Ricardo de la Riva; He trained for years at the world famous Chute Boxing Gym in Brazil before coming to the US. Professor Bittencourt owns and operates several highly successful martial arts academies, which specialize in teaching children and adults of all ages. Additionally, Marcio was the lead instructor for the Brazilian Nation Police Force for nearly a decade. He is notably the two time European Brazilian-Jui-Jitsu champion and has competed professionally around the world.

 ## SCHEDULE

 ### MONDAY 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (No Gi)
 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM - Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Mat 1)
 5:00 PM - Mixed Martial Arts (Teens - Mat 2)
 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM - Muay Thai Kickboxing
 8:00 PM - 9:30 PM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (No Gi)

 ### TUESDAY 9:30 AM - Wrestling Class
 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids)
 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM - Teen Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (No Gi)
 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM - Judo
 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM - Mixed Martial Arts
 8:30 PM - Open Mat

 ### WEDNESDAY 10:00 AM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Beginner)
 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM - Muay Thai Kickboxing (Kids)
 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM - Muay Thai Kickboxing (Adults and Teens)
 7:00 PM - 8:30 PM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (No Gi)

 ### THURSDAY 11:00 AM - Boxing
 5:00 PM - Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 6:00 PM - Teen Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 7:30 PM PM - 8:30 PM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 8:30 PM - Mixed Martial Arts

 ### FRIDAY 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (No Gi)
 6:00 PM - Boxing
 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids) (Gi)
 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Gi)

 ### SATURDAY 10:00 AM - Judo
 12:00 PM - Boxing
 1:00 PM - MMA (Adult/Teen)
 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM - Open Mat

 ### SUNDAY 10:00 AM - Judo
 10:00 AM - 11:30 AM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Adults and Teens)
 11:30 PM - 12:30 PM - Open Mat
 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Kids) (Gi)
 2:00 PM - Muay Thai Kickboxing (Adults and Teens)
 5:00 PM - Wrestling

 ## ABOUT US

 Discipline, determination, skill, confidence, fitness, honor, respect; It’s not enough to want these things. You must work for them. Staten Island Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu/Mixed Martial Arts wants to help you achieve and attain a better you, through a unique combination of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, wrestling and MMA. Our instructors have the experience, knowledge and skill to prepare you for any situation, to build self-confidence and full body fitness. Our proven system of self-defense training has been perfected through decades of practical and real life scenarios. Our goal is to help our students take on challenges and opportunities with confidence. We achieve this goal by supporting life skills, focus, and discipline through martial arts. We consider ourselves one big family and would love for you to be a part of it – we are dedicated to bettering ourselves, each other and supporting the Staten Island Community.
 It is not merely about creating professional or amateur fighters, We strive to help anyone learn a practical street-oriented style of martial arts to defend themselves and loved ones if ever in a dangerous situation. We offer training for all levels and all ages.

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 BJJ is a Martial Art and Combat Sport based on ground fighting and submission holds. It focuses on the skill of taking an opponent to the ground, and using a number of techniques to force them into submission.

 ## Muay thai kickboxing

 MUAY THAI Kickboxing is a Martial Art and Combat Sport that uses stand-up striking along with various clinch techniques to defeat your opponent. It is characterized by the combined use of kicks, punches, elbows, and knees.

 ## Mixed martial arts (MMA)

 MMA Is a full-contact Combat Sport based on striking, grappling, and ground fighting. It incorporates various combat sports such as Judo, Boxing, Wrestling, Karate, Jiu-Jitsu, and Kickboxing.

 ## Contact Us

 Reach out to us through email, phone, or at our address. You can also leave a note through the form on the right, we’ll get back to you as soon as we can.
 Email: sibjjmma@gmail.com
 Phone: +1 (917) 873 – 3503

 Location

 1230 Castleton Ave. (Rear Entrance)
 Staten Island,
 NY – 10310

 Connect

 Facebook-f Instagram

 Name * First
 Last

 Email *
 Message

 Website
 Submit
