---
source_url: https://sleeperjj.com/schedule
final_url: https://sleeperjj.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:28.382Z
---

Email Address

 Submit

 We respect your privacy.

 Thank you!
 We will be in touch shortly with more information.

 # Sleeper Jiu Jitsu Adult Classes Sleeper Jiu Jitsu offers classes for people of all ages and experience levels. Each of our classes consists of warm up techniques to build fitness and basic motor skills, technical instruction conveyed in an accessible, detailed manner, followed by partner drilling which offers students an opportunity to learn the techniques through controlled repetition, helping to commit each technique to muscle memory. Classes are wrapped up with live training which gives students a time to try their techniques in real time with a resisting opponent all while keeping safety a fundamental priority.
 Class Schedule -
 Morning classes - Monday, Wednesday, Fridays 6:00-7:00am
 Evening classes - Monday - Friday 6:30-7:30pm Jiu Jitsu Class / 7:30-8:30pm Open Training
 Sunday 10am-12pm - Open Mat (All teams welcome. Open to Teens and Adults. Gi and No Gi. No cost.)

 # Sleeper Jiu Jitsu Kids Classes (7 years and up) Children in our program learn the foundations of marital art discipline while also improving their physical fitness, problem solving, leadership, teamwork and goal setting skills in a safe, structured and fun environment. Our mission is to create strong athletes, students and community leaders through martial arts and sport. We pride ourselves on respect and provide an inclusive environment for all skill and learning levels where teammates help each other and learn how to be leaders among their peers.
 Class Schedule - Monday - Friday 5:00-6:00pm

 ## Tiny Turtles Classes (4-6 years) This class introduces kids ages 4-6 years to the basic movements and positions of BJJ. Classes will also help children build listening, teamwork and social skills, improve coordination, balance and overall fitness. It is a great way to introduce your child to Jiu Jitsu or give them the skills they need to be successful in any sport.
 Class Schedule - Monday and Wednesday OR Tuesday and Thursday 4:15-4:45pm
