---
source_url: https://sleeperjj.com
final_url: https://sleeperjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:28.934Z
---

Email Address

 Submit

 We respect your privacy.

 Thank you!
 We will be in touch shortly with more information.

 # Sleeper Jiu Jitsu Our mission is to provide world class martial arts instruction in a safe, family friendly environment focused on personal growth and community. We offer classes in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for kids and adults of all ages and skill levels. Conveniently located off of Hwy 99 in Lynnwood, we serve the greater north Seattle area - including Edmonds, Shoreline, Mountlake Terrace, Mukilteo, Brier and Bothell.
 The Sleeper Jiu Jitsu team is led by northwest grappling legend, Cindy “Sleeper” Hales. Cindy is a 4th degree Black Belt, 3x IBJJF Master World Champion, 2x IBJJF Pan American Champion, a pioneer of Women’s BJJ and MMA and named to the BJJ Dirty Dozen list. On top of her impressive competition resume, Cindy has over 20 years of teaching experience. Her passion and understanding of the art are evident in her ability to present highly technical instruction in an engaging and clear manner to people of all skill levels and backgrounds.

 Congratulations, kids! 👏👏👏We are proud of your efforts and progress.🫡 Let’s keep up the positive momentum 🥋🤩 #kidsbjj #sleeperjiujitsu #bjjkids #bjjlife #bjj

 Congratulations to our Tiny Turtles🐢for leveling up! You all are doing awesome!👏 Keep up the hard work!🥋 #sleeperjiujitsu #kidsbjj #bjjkids #tinyturtle #bjj #growingupbjj #bjjlife #train #promotions

 And a few more from the Revolution 📸🥋🤩🙏

 A late post of from Revolution. 🥋Thank you Monica for the beautiful photos from the kids day.📸🙏We are so proud of all the kids who competed. You all are awesome!!!👏 🤩

 We are so proud of our Tiny Turtles! They have come so far with their self control, confidence, leadership and jiu jitsu techniques. Keep up the great work kids!!! #bjj #sleeperjiujitsu #tinyturtle #kidsbjj #bjjkids #bjjlife

 Coach @carll0sss had a successful first noon no gi class. Come in Monday Wednesday and Fridays noon to 1 for some no gi techniques and training. 🤼‍♀️🤼‍♂️🤼 #sleeperjiujitsu #nogi #noon

 Sunday open mat☀️🙏🥋🤼❤️

 The team had a great weekend at The Revolution 52. For the adults, Liz and Vincent competed in both gi and no gi. For the kids team, Cora and Maddox competed in the gi. Everyone had a fun time and and lots of great matches. For the medal count, Liz was able to bring home 2nd in nog gi, Maddox 3rd in gi and Cora 2nd in gi in her first tournament. A big thank you to Vincent for helping coach the team and Malia for the photos and coaching. Another shout out to Audrey, Stephen and Bret for coming out to support the team. We look forward to seeing everyone for another awesome week of training.

 Another awesome Sunday open mat! 🙏☀️🥋 #sleeper #jiujitsu #bjj #bjjlife #jiujitsulifestyle #openmat

 Congratulations to Coach Tristan on graduating from high school and all the best in his new adventure in the US Marines. We are all very proud of you and your accomplishments. Thank you for your time and dedication to the Sleeper Kids team. We will miss you and can’t wait to see you again.

 ## Learn more about Sleeper Jiu Jitsu.

 Learn more

 ## View our schedule and class descriptions.

 Class Schedule

 ## Keep up with team news.

 News

 ### Email us with any questions or to schedule a tour of our facility.
