---
source_url: https://theacademyjj.com
final_url: https://theacademyjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:02.874Z
---

Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Kids Classes Available
 Jiu-Jitsu
 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 LEO Program
 A dedicated program for Law Enforcement.
 Click Here to Learn More

 KIDS CLASSES

 We provide high quality instruction in our kids program, enabling students to develop self-confidence and discipline while having fun!
 Learn More About Kids Programs →

 JIU-JITSU

 Jiu-Jitsu classes for all levels. Whether you are aiming to be a competitive grappler or just want a great workout, we have classes for you!
 Learn More About Jiu-Jitsu →

 KICKBOXING

 Our Kickboxing program is a great workout! We emphasize the practical application of technique in both competition and self-defense!
 Learn More About Kickboxing →

 # Why Choose The Academy? ## OUR SCHool FEATURES A 3,000 SQUARE FOOT TRAINING AREA, HEAVY BAGS ON A TROLLEY RACK, MEN’S AND WOMEN’S CHANGING ROOMS, AND MORE. We all know that we need to eat healthy diets and exercise regularly to get in shape. For many of us, regular exercise means joining a gym or starting to run, but most seldom stick with it. Why? We rapidly become disinterested and give up because exercise for the sake of exercising is boring.
 Enter The Academy (formerly Madama Jiu-Jitsu). There is no better physical workout than Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai. It challenges the body as well as the mind. It is fun, never boring, and you're always training with friends that will encourage you every day that you train.

 # Interested in Learning Martial Arts? Ready to take the first step towards mastering Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Contact us today for more information and to claim your free, no-obligation trial class!

 Get Started now
