---
source_url: https://www.temporalbjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=16438221211481584421
final_url: https://www.temporalbjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=16438221211481584421
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:37.689Z
---

# BJJ & Grappling School in Lithonia and East Atlanta
 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 # Temporal Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Premier destination for those seeking high-level training in BJJ. We offer classes in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Gi and No-Gi), Cardio Kickboxing for men, women, and children of all ages.
 Whether it's your first time on the mats or you're a seasoned competitor, we'd like to invite you to join us at Temporal BJJ.

 FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## Our Programs
 Adults BJJ
 Gi & No Gi Classes

 Classes designed around a curriculum that is beginner friendly, while offering opportunities for more advanced students to challenge their skills

 Open Mat

 Training open to members and non-members. Experience the community of Jiu Jitsu between different gyms, even if you are brand new

 Kids Class

 Immerse your child in a class designed to help them develop self confidence, discipline, critical problem solving, and kinesthetic awareness through BJJ

 Cardio Kickboxing

 A striking class focuses on fitness! You can go at your own pace so this is a great place to start if you're just getting into shape, or experienced athletes can push themselves to the next level

 #### Sign up for your free class now

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Country Code
 Phone

 What is your preferred method of communication? *
 Call
 Text

 Which location would you like to visit?
 SEND
 ###### Thanks for submitting!
