---
source_url: http://www.chuteboxekc.com/jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://chuteboxekc.com/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.738Z
---

Skip to content ## Learn Jiu-Jitsu from world-class pros

 Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most effective martial arts and self-defense systems. This practice not only builds strength and athletic endurance, but sharpens your confidence, focus, and discipline.

 BOOK A FREE CLASS NOW

 ##### Confidence

 Improve your health, develop new skills, and learn to outsmart your opponent

 ##### Discipline

 The experience of learning Jiu-Jitsu never ends, but with time and commitment, you will see incredible results.

 ##### fitness

 Our classes are the perfect blend of high level intensity and informative drill training.

 ##### Self defense

 Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most effective ways to protect yourself and neutralize threats.

 #### Learn from the best

 Professor Claudio Mattos brings decades of experience to this gym. Whether you’re looking to learn the fundamentals or polish established skills, our gym will offer you the support and resources to learn, train, and compete at a fast pace.

 #### Advanced & beginner Classes

 Whether you compete at an advanced level or you’re just getting started in Jiu-Jitsu, we offer classes for all levels. Our highly skilled trainers have years of experience and will act as your compass and soundboard as you refine your skills and learn the sport.

 ##

 ## Want to chat? Leave your info!

 Let us know if you have any questions about our services, classes, or trainers.

 Email Address *

 Phone *

 Submit

 © 2026 Chute Boxe
