---
source_url: http://www.chuteboxekc.com/youth-classes
final_url: https://chuteboxekc.com/youth-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:34.121Z
---

Skip to content ## The best place for youth boxing & martial arts in Kansas City

 Our youth classes are an incredible resource for kids of all ages to stay fit and healthy while building confidence, discipline, and lifelong skills.

 BOOK A FREE CLASS NOW!

 ##### Beginners Welcome

 Our kids classes in both boxing and jiu jitsu are great for all levels of experience

 ##### Confidence Building

 Physical activity and athletic skill-building is an incredibly way for young people to build confidence.

 ##### Develop Discipline

 Strength is a major part of boxing and our instructors incorporate a variety of weights and dynamic exercises.

 ##### Join a Community

 Our gym is a family-focused business that puts community and safety first for all ages.

 #### Youth Boxing

 Boxing is an incredible sport for kids to develop balance, coordinations, and endurance, all while establishing life-long lessons on respect, discipline, and commitment.

 #### Youth Jiu Jitsu

 Jiu Jitsu is one of the best martial arts for young people to practice. Not only will they build strength and athleticism, but our classes will equip them with the skills and experience to develop confidence and advance their understanding of self-defense.

 ## Our Team

 Our kids classes are taught by a group of skilled and patient coaches, who work with every student individually to help make boxing and jiu jitsu a fun, positive, and healthy experience.

 #### Professor Claudio Mattos

 #### Alex Buettner

 ##

 ## Still have questions? Let’s talk!

 Let us know if you have any questions about our services, classes, or trainers.

 Email Address *

 Phone *

 Submit

 © 2026 Chute Boxe
