---
source_url: http://www.chuteboxekc.com
final_url: https://chuteboxekc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:34.294Z
---

Skip to content # Kansas City's Best Muay Thai & Jiu Jitsu Gym

 As Kansas City's most authentic martial arts gym, Chute Boxe offers Brazilian Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu instruction from an original Chute Boxe Grand Master. A great place for youth, family, and fighters to train and grow together.

 Get Started

 ###### Brazilian JiuJitsu

 Learn from the most qualified trainers & grapplers.

 ###### MuayThai

 Train with Kansas City’s only Muay Thai Grand Master.

 ###### FitnessBoxing

 Take your cardio to the next level & learn from the best.

 ###### MMATraining

 Train with real fighters and put your striking skills to the test

 ###### YOUTHJiu Jitsu

 Build confidence, strength, & life-long skills

 ### The most skilled trainers in Kansas City

 Our trainers bring decades of experience and an unrelenting drive to help our members find their motivation and use it to achieve new goals. Come check out any of the dozens of specialized classes we provide each week, to find your fit in our Chute Boxe family.

 Professor Claudio Mattos

 Nik Folken

 Alex Buettner

 Will Becker

 ## Member Testimonials

 Their words, not ours.

 My daughters have gained so much confidence, strength & empowerment. The teachers are kind and patient and the gym makes everyone feel like they are part of a family.

 ##### Emily Morrow

 Youth Jiu Jitsu

 Very nice facility. The 1st time I visited they treated me like I was one of them and have been a longtime member. I’ve been looking for a place to train and now I’ve found it.

 ##### Chad Alan Lough

 Fitness Boxing

 Walking into this building was one of the best life decisions I’ve ever made. My mind, body, & spirit are so much stronger. The experience is worth every penny. OSS!

 ##### Luda Kart

 Jiu Jitsu

 ##

 ## Want to chat? Leave your info!

 Email Address *

 Phone *

 Submit

 ### Where you can find us:

 Chute Boxe
 9530 Marshall Drive Lenexa, KS 66215
 (913) 280-0837
 info@chuteboxekc.com

 © 2026 Chute Boxe
