---
source_url: http://www.cu-bjj.com
final_url: https://www.cu-bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:12.255Z
---

###### Discover your potential at Champaign-Urbana's Premier Martial Arts School ​​

 ## Whether it's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, kickboxing, or karate, learning a martial art has positively transformed the lives of many. There is no better time to start your journey than today.
 Get free trial classes!
 Contact Us!

 ## Pick a Program to Learn More!
 Kids Classes

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Karate for kids ages 5+

 Read More

 Adult Classes

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for adults

 Read More

 # We've moved to a new location!
 Please find us at our new building at 2408 North Market Street, Champaign, IL 61822 . We are located close to Marketplace Shopping Center, the I-74 and I-57 interstate exits.

 Google Maps pin

 Nicole S.

 "What a gem!! This school is so welcoming and the jiu jitsu is very practical yet interesting. I have travelled a lot and been to many schools and it’s rare to find a culture like CU has. Coach Mike and everyone here has been so kind to me even knowing I am a visitor."

 Brad T.

 "I've got a lot of praise for this gym and the community that it has helped develop. It's a great place to push yourself to grow and have teammates who will support you and challenge you on the journey. What sets it apart from other gyms I've been part of is the balance of pushing you to grow, while being open and accepting of the person you are today. If you're looking to try BJJ, continue training BJJ, or are just looking to push yourself physically and mentally in a supportive community, this is the place to be."

 Minerva W.

 "Great women’s BJJ class! My personal view is that the Instructors are very knowledgeable, are able to teach with in a clear verbal manner making the teachings able to reach our minds and be able to understand... Their caring and patience is appreciated!! Love this class totally! I just wish I had started here in this great CU Jiu Jitsu years ago!!! To all the public, children, women and men, come train here!!"

 ## Choose Your Plan!
 ## One Class/Drop in
 $20

 $

 20

 ​

 ​

 PAY AS YOU GO

 A simple and affordable solution allowing you to purchase one class at a time!

 Save more with our UNLIMITED Options

 Select
 SINGLE CLASS OPTION - PERFECT FOR DROP INS

 PAY AS YOU GO

 ONE-TIME PAYMENT - NO CONTRACT

 ## Monthly Unlimited
 $125

 $

 125

 Every month

 ​

 OUR MOST POPULAR OPTION

 Access Unlimited Classes!

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Kickboxing for one flat monthly rate.

 Simple 30 Day Cancellation Policy

 Select
 ## UNLIMITED MONTHLY CLASSES

 ## JIU JITSU - KICKBOXING - FITNESS

 ## EASY CANCELLATION POLICY

 Best Value

 ## 6-Months Unlimited
 $600

 $

 600

 Every 6 months

 ​

 BIGGEST SAVINGS

 Receive all the UNLIMITED benefits of our regular membership, and save big with a six-month commitment to your goals!

 *No refunds on Paid-in-Full plans

 Select
 SAVE $150 WHEN PAID IN FULL

 6 MONTHS UNLIMITED CLASSES

 BEST VALUE PLAN

 Ready to try a class? Book your free trial!

 The Clean Cow Co. is a proud subsidiary of CU Jiu Jitsu, offering handcrafted beef tallow soaps and skincare products.
 ​
 Contact us or walk in to see what products we have available!

 Shop Now

 # CU Jiu Jitsu is proudly sponsored by KULA https://www.kula.com/
