---
source_url: https://caijiu-jitsuacademy.com/shop/p/cai-jiu-jitsu-academy-rooster-logo-drawstring-bag
final_url: https://caijiu-jitsuacademy.com/shop/p/cai-jiu-jitsu-academy-rooster-logo-drawstring-bag
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:51.389Z
---

Image 1 of 2
 Image 2 of 2

 # Cai Jiu-jitsu Academy Rooster Logo Drawstring Bag $15.00

 Explore the world of martial arts with the Cai Jiu-Jitsu Academy Draw String Brown Rustic Bag. Designed for practitioners of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, this versatile backpack combines durability with functionality. It is made of high quality burlap and cotton material. Featuring ample storage space for your gi, gear, and essentials, it includes specialized compartments for water bottles and small accessories. Whether you're heading to training sessions, competitions, or simply on the go, the Cai Jiu-Jitsu Academy Backpack ensures you stay organized and ready for action. Embrace the spirit of Jiu-Jitsu with a backpack that's as dedicated to your journey as you are. Dimensions: 13” x 16”.

 Add To Cart Added!

 Explore the world of martial arts with the Cai Jiu-Jitsu Academy Draw String Brown Rustic Bag. Designed for practitioners of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, this versatile backpack combines durability with functionality. It is made of high quality burlap and cotton material. Featuring ample storage space for your gi, gear, and essentials, it includes specialized compartments for water bottles and small accessories. Whether you're heading to training sessions, competitions, or simply on the go, the Cai Jiu-Jitsu Academy Backpack ensures you stay organized and ready for action. Embrace the spirit of Jiu-Jitsu with a backpack that's as dedicated to your journey as you are. Dimensions: 13” x 16”.
