---
source_url: https://alivejj.com
final_url: https://www.alivebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:18.436Z
---

# Alive Jiu Jitsu Find out why so many people in Kansas City turn to Alive Jiu-Jitsu for their martial arts training! We offer beginner-to-advanced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for men, women, teens, and children. No experience necessary!
 Call or Text us! Book your free trial!

 ## Fill out the form to request information!

 ## Our Programs and Classes At Alive Jiu Jitsu, we offer a variety of classes designed to help students master grappling skills. While we specialize in No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu, we also provide Gi Jiu-Jitsu and Wrestling classes to ensure well-rounded training opportunities.
 Kids are welcome to join our adult classes if they meet the following criteria: They have a partner of a similar age and size. They can stay focused, follow instructions, and require minimal supervision.
 Our inclusive approach ensures that everyone, regardless of age, can develop their skills in a supportive and structured environment.
 Adult BJJ

 Our striking program combines the techniques and strategies of Boxing, Muay Thai, and Kickboxing, offering students a dynamic and well-rounded training experience.
 Whether you're a beginner or looking to sharpen your striking skills, our classes provide expert instruction in a supportive environment.
 Kickboxing

 Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program offers engaging, age-appropriate classes five days a week, catering to younger children and kids (4+). With a focus on building strong grappling skills and fostering a love for the sport, our classes strike the perfect balance between fun and skill development.
 Whether your child is interested in competing in tournaments or learning self-defense, our program provides the foundation they need to succeed.
 Kids Classes

 Our Wrestling for Jiu-Jitsu program is designed to enhance the grappling foundation for Jiu-Jitsu practitioners of all ages and skill levels. With classes offered multiple days a week, participants will focus on refining their takedowns, control, and transitions to dominate both on the feet and on the mat.
 Our expert instructors incorporate wrestling techniques that complement Jiu-Jitsu, providing a solid base for both competition and self-defense. Whether you're looking to compete in tournaments or strengthen your overall grappling game, this program offers essential skills to take your Jiu-Jitsu to the next level.
 Wrestling

 Sign up for a free trial!
 Sign up today!
