---
source_url: https://www.bedrocmma.com/classes
final_url: https://www.bedrocmma.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:03.796Z
---

# BEDROC ROCHESTER SUNDAY
 - Semper Fit: 10:00am - 11:00am - Beginner No-GI Jiu Jitsu 11:00am - 12:00pm - Intermediate No-GI Jiu Jitsu 12:00pm - 1:00pm - Advanced/Competition No-GI Jiu Jitsu 1:00pm - 2:00pm
 MONDAY
 - Beginner No-GI Jiu Jitsu 6:00am - 7:00am - Youth Judo 6:15pm - 7:00pm - Adult Judo 7:00pm - 8:30pm - Vinyasa Yoga 7:00pm - 8:00pm
 TUESDAY
 - Semper Fit 6:00pm - 7:00pm - Beginner Striking/MMA 6:30pm - 7:30pm - Advanced Striking/MMA 7:30pm - 8:30pm
 WEDNESDAY
 - Beginner No-GI Jiu Jitsu 6:30pm - 7:30pm - Advanced No-GI Jiu Jitsu 7:30pm - 8:30pm
 THURSDAY
 - Semper Fit 6:00pm - 7:00pm - Youth Judo 6:15pm - 7:00pm - Adult Judo 7:00pm - 8:30pm - Open Mat 8:30pm - 9:30pm
 FRIDAY
 - Beginner No-GI Jiu Jitsu 6:00am - 7:00am - Private Lessons
 SATURDAY
 - Self Defense 10:00am - 11:00am - Youth Jiu Jitsu/MMA 10:00am - 11:00am - Beginner Striking/MMA 11:00am - 12:00pm - Advanced Striking/MMA 12:00pm - 1:00pm
 # BEDROC GENESEO TUESDAY & THURSDAY
 - No-GI Jiu Jitsu 6:00pm - 8:00pm

 ## JUDO Judo, meaning "gentle way", is generally categorized as a modern martial. Its most prominent feature is its competitive element, where the objective is to either throw or takedown an opponent to the ground, immobilize or otherwise subdue an opponent with a pin, or force an opponent to submit with a joint lock or a choke. Strikes and thrusts by hands and feet as well as weapons defenses are a part of judo, but only in pre-arranged forms called kata and are not allowed in judo competition or free practice randori.
 ## JIU JITSU Jiu Jitsu promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves or another against a bigger, stronger, heavier assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint locks and choke-holds to defeat the opponent. Jiu Jitsu training can be used for sport grappling tournaments and in self-defense situations.
 ## STRIKING Striking classes include techniques from Thai Boxing, Traditional Boxing, Muay Thai with a strong emphasis on martial arts conditioning. It includes partner, offensive and defensive drills. Equipment required (headgear and 16 oz gloves).
 ## SEMPER FIT HIIT, or high-intensity interval training, is a training technique in which you give all-out, one hundred percent effort through quick, intense bursts of exercise, followed by short, sometimes active, recovery periods. This type of training gets and keeps your heart rate up and burns more fat in less time. Circuit Training has many forms but primarily involves moving from one station to another in set periods of time. Each interval varies from 1-3 minutes alternating between strength and cardio. Cardio work can include Step, Hi/Lo Aerobics, or Cardio Kickbox; Strength work can include physioballs, bands, mat exercises, body weight exercise, and more.
 ## SELF-DEFENSE Self-defense is a set of awareness, assertiveness, verbal confrontation skills, safety strategies, and physical techniques that enable someone to successfully escape, resist, and survive violent attacks. A good self-defense course provides psychological awareness and verbal skills, not just physical training. We accomplish this by not only demonstrating various techniques but walking through when these various techniques apply.
 ## OPEN MAT Open Mat gives students the opportunity to practice, improve, or get live action. Participants are "on their own" but may find other students or coaches to work with. This is not a structured activity or practice!
 ## VINYASA YOGA Vinyasa yoga, often referred to as "flow yoga," is a dynamic and fluid style of yoga that synchronizes movement with breath. Each posture is seamlessly connected to the next through intentional transitions, creating a continuous flow of motion. This style emphasizes the coordination of breath and movement, where each inhale and exhale guide the practitioner into and out of poses. Vinyasa yoga is versatile and adaptable, offering something for everyone, whether you’re a beginner or an advanced practitioner.
