---
source_url: https://www.axiomjiujitsu.com/youth-programs
final_url: https://www.axiomjiujitsu.com/youth-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:51.171Z
---

# YOUTH PROGRAMS Ages 8-14

 ## YOUTH TRAINING AT AXIOM

 Axiom Jiu-Jitsu offers Youth classes for ages 8-14. Classes are taught through a mix of games, drills, technique specific instruction, and positional sparring under close supervision.
 Before Enrolling your child in Jiu-Jitsu, it is good to understand what the art is. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a grappling based art like wrestling or Judo, but with an emphasis on submissions instead of throws or pinning your opponent. Submissions are joint-locks or chokes that require your opponent to “tap” sort of like saying “uncle” if someone twists your arm behind your back.
 We have two levels of kids classes that run at the same time. Level I is to teach the basic movements of Jiu-Jitsu, teach proper direction following and basic etiquette, basic positions and techniques. We play some games and do some positional sparring with minimal submissions. The level II class is for the kids who are solid with the information from the level I class. The level II class teaches some basic striking, submissions and escapes and spars every class with submissions.
 The kids will just need a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Gi and a white belt to get started. You can buy these items at our gym. The Gis purchased through Axiom come with an Axiom patch set which we would prefer to be worn at our promotion ceremonies.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a fun and rewarding art and we work hard to create a safe fun environment for the kids to learn. It can also a be a very challenging art that can make both kids and adults who are learning it uncomfortable. We keep classes fun, but we also believe that challenges and adversity are what make successes valuable. It is also a rough and tumble sport that sometimes causes scrapes and bruises. We love it and think everyone should too.

 ### PROGRAMS Youth Level I: This class emphasizes the basic movements, direction following, positions, safety and etiquette required to move on to level II.
 Youth Level II: This class teaches Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with the expectation that the students have a solid understanding of the level I curriculum the and ability to follow directions and execute the techniques safely.
 Belt System: All students regardless of age start at White Belt. From white belt youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu students will go to Grey, then Yellow, then orange, then green belts. In order to advance in belt rank, youth students need to demonstrate more than just attendance. The criteria for advancement are attendance, understanding of the techniques and the ability to execute them, direction following, respect for coaches and teammates, fostering a safe learning environment for self and teammates.
