---
source_url: http://www.graciefightervacaville.com
final_url: https://www.graciefightervacaville.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:02.304Z
---

## Welcome to Gracie Fighter Jiu-Jitsu Vacaville Your premier destination for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training.

 ## Gracie FighterJiu-Jitsu Vacaville

 Established in 2021, our academy is proudly affiliated with the renowned Cesar Gracie. We are committed to providing top-notch martial arts training in a supportive environment, where students of all ages can learn and excel. Our dedicated students have achieved numerous titles, medals, and championships, showcasing their skills and hard work.

 Led by our head instructor, Andre Carson, a respected 1st degree Jiu Jitsu black belt, we offer a wide range of classes tailored to meet the needs of every practitioner. Whether you’re looking to compete in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu tournaments, improve self-defense techniques, or enhance fitness levels, Gracie Fighter Jiu Jitsu is the right choice for you.

 # About Us

 Our program was founded and designed by Andre Carson and over seen by the esteemed Cesar Gracie. Cesar has helped encourage countless individuals to follow their paths to achieving greatness in the professional BJJ and MMA stages. We have adopted Cesar’s innovative approach to training and ability to adjust techniques to make it easier for individuals to understand and use them in sparring or competition. Cesar’s approach to teaching helped create numerous elite fighters who managed to make themselves known in the UFC, Strikeforce and other competitions. Cesar Gracie's leadership and mentorship have empowered his students to excel in their martial arts journey and grow as individuals, instilling values that extend beyond the mat.

 # What we offer

 At Gracie Fighter Jiu Jitsu, we provide a comprehensive training program that includes:
 - Jiu Jitsu: Master the art of Jiu Jitsu in both gi and no-gi, our classes focus on effective self-defense, sport and competition strategies. - Wrestling: Improve your grappling skills, takedowns, and ground control through our structured wrestling training. - Judo: Learn dynamic throwing techniques and pins to complement your grappling arsenal. - Kids Classes: Engaging classes for children ages 4 and up, fostering confidence and self-discipline. - Beginner Classes: Ideal for newcomers to martial arts, laying a solid foundation in techniques and principles. - Women’s Only Classes: Empowering sessions designed for women, creating a safe and supportive training atmosphere, taught by a woman. - Saturday Open Mat: A relaxed environment for students to practice and refine their skills. - Private Lessons: Personalized training tailored to individual needs and goals. - Other benefits include: Weight loss and muscle building, increased flexibility, self defense, increase self confidence and much more! - Defensive Tactics Training for Military and Law Enforcement: Specialized instruction tailored for professionals in the field.Join Gracie Fighter Jiu Jitsu for a complete martial arts experience that builds skills, discipline, and camaraderie. Elevate your training and achieve your goals with us today!

 # Want to hear more? For inquiries regarding our pricing, program details, or anything else, please feel free to reach out to us.

 Contact Us Now
 Contact Us Now

 # Get started with a FREE 3-day trial! Click below to unlock your FREE trial!

 Sign Up Now
 Sign Up Now
