---
source_url: http://www.southaikenjiujitsu.com
final_url: http://www.aikenjiu-jitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:05.239Z
---

# AIKEN JIU JITSU

 ## LEARN THE WORLD’S MOST EFFECTIVE MARTIAL ART IN A FUN, FRIENDLY ENVIRONMENT.

 #### Home of Aiken’s only Jiu-Jitsu Academy that will transform your life.

 ## YOUR JOURNEY STARTS TODAY!

 ### Welcome to Aiken Jiu Jitsu - Where Mastery Meets Communtiy

 At Aiken Jiu Jitsu, we believe in the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - the world's most effective martial art. Step into our academy and embark on a journey of self-discovery, empowerment, and camaraderie in a fun and friendly atmosphere.
 Whether you're looking to improve your physical fitness, learn essential self-defense skills, or simply join a supportive community, our classes cater to all ages and skill levels. From Kids' classes to Adult sessions, our experienced instructors are dedicated to helping you achieve your goals while fostering a passion for this dynamic martial art.
 Get in shape, gain confidence, and learn self-defense in a welcoming environment where everyone is encouraged to thrive. Discover the difference Jiu Jitsu can make in your life at Aiken Jiu Jitsu!

 ## GET STARTED NOW!

 #### SIGN UP FOR FREE TRIAL CLASS HERE

 # OFFERINGS

 ## ADULT CLASSES

 ## COMPETITION

 ## KIDS

 ## WOMEN’S ONLY

 VIEW OUR WEEKLY CLASS SCHEDULE HERE
 VIEW OUR WEEKLY CLASS SCHEDULE HERE

 ## MEET OUR OWNERS

 ### Aiken Jiu Jitsu was founded in 2015 and moved to its current location in 2021. It is owned and operated by Terra Guerra Black Belts Ashley Alex New and Brannon New.

 About Us
 About Us

 Email Address

 Sign Up

 We respect your privacy.

 Thank you!

 # Wanna Stay in the Know? ### Join Our Newsletter for updates, exciting announcements, and more!
