---
source_url: http://www.pmamesa.com
final_url: https://www.pmamesa.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:34.563Z
---

##### Menu
 - Home - About Our Story Event Calendar Class Schedule Contact Us - Programs Martial Arts Kickboxing Jiu Jitsu Ninja Trix After School Pick-Up Summer and Other Day Camps By Age (or Age-Specific) Birthday Parties STORM (CIT) - Join Our Team - Blog

 ## Contact Us Start your training TODAY! Contact us now for a SPECIAL offer!

 ## Welcome # OUR PHILOSOPHY Welcome to Precision Martial Arts! Our mission is to not only teach amazing martial arts classes, but to provide a safe and fun environment for learning and growth. The goal of Precision Mixed Martial Arts is to empower as many people as possible so that they can be successful in anything they set out to accomplish!
 ABOUT US
 We aim to arm our students with the skills, confidence, and discipline needed to be able to defend themselves and achieve success in life. Whether you are looking for karate classes for your kids, self-defense classes for yourself, a safe place for your kids to go after school or on school breaks, or a really cool birthday party, we've got it right here!

 PMA # Join Our Program Today Take the first step toward a better you!
 Get Started

 Select Your Program
 # TRAINING PROGRAMS ## Martial Arts Most everyone has heard the words respect, self-discipline, responsibility, confidence, self-control, and focus associated with kids' karate. Do you want your child to learn these valuable skills?
 Explore Martial Arts

 ## Kickboxing Our BJJ and kickboxing trainers have over 10 years experience (each) in training athletes, fighters, and those with no experience. We’re one of the cleanest professionally run schools in Mesa.
 Join KickBoxing

 ## Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and submission. It is a great tool for self-defense that appeals to both kids and adults. Start your program today!
 Discover Jiu Jitsu

 ## Ninja Trix Ninja Trix is a new sport discipline that incorporates; tumbling, parkour, martial arts, obstacle training, and freestyle movement. Kids love it because they get to run, jump, kick, spin, climb, and basically be kids!
 Learn About Ninja Trix

 ## After School pick up program Our After School Program includes safe school pick-up, homework time, and high-energy martial arts and Ninja training that builds confidence, respect, and focus—so you can finish your workday while your child learns, moves, and has fun.
 Find out what schools we pick up at

 ## Adult Kickboxing Our adult martial arts classes combine Tae Kwon Do, Kickboxing, Jiu Jitsu, and Krav Maga. Build strength, master self-defense, and relieve stress in a welcoming community. Find out more by clicking the button below!
 Try Our Adult Program

 Your browser does not support the video tag.

 ## Get To Know Us In Precision Mixed Martial Arts, we do our best to train our students using holistic and traditional methods.
 - ✓ Trained Professionals - ✓ Exciting Classes - ✓ Quality Equipment
 Learn About Programs

 # Join Our Program Today Take the first step toward a better you!
 Get Started
