---
source_url: https://exceljiujitsu.com
final_url: https://exceljiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:53.809Z
---

## JIU JITSU
 ## FOR EVERYONE
 Request a Free Trial

 # Oceanside’s Home for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training ## Thinking of Trying Jiu Jitsu?
 Contact us for a Free 3-Day Trial.

 No Obligation. Any of our Classes.

 Request a Free Trial

 ## PROGRAMS ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is like human chess on the ground – it’s all about grappling, submissions, and figuring out the smartest moves. A great competitive sport and an excellent way to stay fit.

 Learn More

 ## Mixed Martial Arts
 Experience comprehensive and dynamic training with Excel’s MMA program, combining striking, grappling, and diverse techniques from all martial arts. A great way to build foundational striking and stay in great shape.

 Learn More

 ## Kids Programs
 Our kids programs teach discipline and teamwork, promotes physical fitness and character development, and builds a strong foundation on and off the mat. We have programs for kids as young as 4 and advanced classes for those looking to compete.

 Learn More

 ## Drop On By!
 Stop by during any one of our classes on our schedule and speak with one of our staff!

 You can check out our facility, spectate a class, or hop right into training.

 Our Schedule

 ## What are students saying about our Academy? exceljiujitsu
 Full service Martial Arts Academy located in Oceanside, CA. We are about Team, Camaraderie & Spirit. Come check us out! 👇
 AND JUDO WINS!! 🥋💪
#KidsJudo 🙌

#ExcelJiuJitsu #O

 Congratulations young warriors❕Great job at the Dr

 Fun workshop w/ Prof Djavan! Worked on High Percen

 Kids advance Saturday training. What a great group

 CONGRATS young warriors on earning BJJ Stripe Prom

 Saturday morning No-Gi session 💥
#NoGiJiuJitsuTra

 Load More Follow on Instagram

 ## Contact Us ###### [email protected]

 ###### 4093 Oceanside Blvd, Suite DOceanside, CA 92056

 ✕
 ## Add a new location ## Edit Location Title * Click on the map to set a marker * Excel Jiu Jitsu Description Upload media + Add up to 5 images to create a gallery for this location.

 ×

 ### Thank you! We will check your location suggestion and release it as soon as possible.

 ✕
