---
source_url: http://gbkirklandbjj.com
final_url: https://gbkirklandbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:42.075Z
---

Home uplaunch 2025-09-17T18:21:04+00:00 # Jiu Jitsu for Everyone
 “There is no losing in jiu jitsu. You either win or you learn.”
 – Carlos Gracie, Sr. 4.

 Schedule Your First Visit
 × ### Schedule Your Free Trial Class
 ### (function(win, doc, zenJSHost, src, module, partitionApiKey, widgetInstanceId) { win.zenplanner = win.zenplanner || {}; win.zenplanner.directLoadArgs = win.zenplanner.directLoadArgs || []; var tryCount = 0, intervalId = null; function afterLoad() { if (win.zenplanner.directLoader !== undefined && window.zenplanner.directLoader !== null) { clearInterval(intervalId); for (var i = 0, l = win.zenplanner.directLoadArgs.length; l > i; i++) { if (win.zenplanner.directLoadArgs[i].widgetInstanceId === widgetInstanceId) { win.zenplanner.directLoader.loadWidget(zenJSHost, module, partitionApiKey, widgetInstanceId); } } } else if (tryCount++ > 200) { console.log(‘Zen Planner widget : ‘ + module + ‘, failed to load.’); clearInterval(intervalId); } } if (win.zenplanner.directLoader === undefined || win.zenplanner.directLoader === null) { win.zenplanner.directLoadArgs.push({ module: module, partitionApiKey: partitionApiKey, widgetInstanceId: widgetInstanceId }); var s = doc.createElement(‘script’); s.async = 1; s.src = zenJSHost + ‘/’ + src; doc.head.appendChild(s); intervalId = setInterval(afterLoad, 50); } else { win.zenplanner.directLoader.loadWidget(zenJSHost, module, partitionApiKey, widgetInstanceId); } })( window, document, ‘https://studio.zenplanner.com’, ‘zenplanner/studio/target/zp-widget-direct.js’, ‘membership’, ‘d967a2ea-d203-4203-a9b2-f5479936fb48′, ’46c66cd5-aff2-467a-aad1-f5a98db9cd8d’ );

 × ### Schedule Your Free Trial Class
 ### Fill out the form below to get started. One of our coaches will contact you to get you registered for your free trial class.
 - First Name* - Last Name* - Email Address* - Phone Number* - Interested in* Adults (ages 15 and up) Juniors (ages 12-15) Little Champs (ages 8 to 11) Tiny Champs (ages 3 to 7) Homeschool (ages 3 to 14) Women's Only - CAPTCHA - PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Δ

 ## Time to make a change
 ### What’s holding you back?

 ## Don’t let gym intimidation keep you from reaching your wellness goals.
 ## Intimidation
 We know it’s intimidating to start something new. That’s why we provide an all-inclusive space that inspires growth and confidence.

 ## Time Management
 Have a busy schedule? Struggle to make fitness a priority? We can help you figure out a routine. We offer 15 classes per week, including 6:30am sessions.

 ## Weight Loss
 We can help you set realistic weight loss goals and get results. Jiu-Jitsu is a full-body workout. It will engage and challenge your body from head to toe.

 ## Discipline
 Jiu-Jitsu is a discipline that translates directly to everyday life and reminds you that remaining engaged and focused on the moment can be rewarding.

 ## Accountability
 Do you have a hard time sticking to a routine? Being consistent is key in Jiu-Jitsu. While your professor and teammates walk alongside you, you must own yours.

 ## Community
 Feel lonely in your gym? Training Jiu-Jitsu gives you a chance to bond with others and form friendships over a shared interest.

 ## Motivation
 Are you feeling stuck in your current fitness routine? Jiu-Jitsu is constantly evolving with new techniques and learning is an ongoing process for all levels.

 ## GET RESULTS & LEARN NEW SKILLS
 ### Jiu Jitsu for Everyone
 We offer Jiu-Jitsu classes for children and adults, MMA and kickboxing for adults and women’s only classes.

 #### GB1-3
 Start with the fundamentals & principles of BJJ and move towards Black Belt excellence.

 #### Kids Classes
 Designed to teach children self-discipline as well as providing a unique way to express themselves.

 #### NoGi
 Learn submission grappling from one of the top NoGi practitioners in the country.

 #### Women’s Only
 Learn BJJ with other women in a safe, structured environment.

 ### Step 1
 #### Schedule a visit and consultation.
 Click the button below to sign up for a consultation.

 ### Step 2
 #### Feel safe. Set your goals. Get moving!
 Join one of our free classes to get a feel for our community and coaches.

 ### Step 3
 #### Crush your goals. Meet the new you!
 It’s time to meet the new you. Achieve fitness and wellness by following your plan and crushing your goals.

 Schedule Your Visit

 ## Don’t just take it from us!
 “Cannot recommend GB Kirkland enough! Josh & Solange are super friendly and down to earth. Josh is an excellent teacher who treats his students with patience and respect.”
 – Christian

 “I can’t recommend GBK enough. I was nervous at first, but Josh & Solange were extremely patient and helpful during my first lesson. They really care about their students.”
 – Mike
