---
source_url: http://www.victorumathletics.com
final_url: https://www.victorumathletics.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:52.051Z
---

Home: Welcome

 Home: Service
 ## WELCOME TO VICTORUM ATHLETICS
 Inspiring Learning

 Victorum Athletics has been welcoming a diverse student body since its founding in 2017. Our Lancaster Academy welcomes all types of students from the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu community, whether beginner or advanced. We are here to help you learn through our innovative and trans formative approach to teaching the gentle art of Brazilian Jiu Jistu.
 Victorum Athletics is here to help you grow and succeed.

 ### Kids Classes
 #### How Your Child Will Benefit
 With our kids Brazilan Jiu Jitsu Program, students have the chance to exercise their mind in ways they never have before. We use only the best, and most advanced teaching methods to activate the minds of our students, and help them absorb all of the information presented. Come and see how our kids learn and have fun all at the same time with Victorum Athletics.

 ### Adult Classes
 #### Activate Your Mind
 In this class you will learn the most important self defense techniques used when being confronted by an attacker, as well as the basics of body dynamics and positioning. You will be guided by your instructor through the Fundamentals curriculum to learn the most important stand up techniques as well as ground positions and submissions. Once you finish the entire Fundamentals curriculum, you will know all of the most important techniques in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 ### Competition Training
 #### Absorb The Material
 Our competition team is designed to take you to your next level in competition skills. Our goal is to develop our members and cultivate the confidence to compete in various championships from beginner levels all the way to the professional level. You will find yourself at home here if your goal is to compete and take your Jiu Jitsu to the next level.

 ### NoGi Jiu Jitsu
 #### Activate Your Body
 No-Gi Submission Grappling is an ancient form of self defense. Learn how to grapple without the traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu uniform. You will benefit by the development of quick movements and transitions that will increase your grappling skills and also your ability to submit quickly.

 Home: Homepage_about
 Home: News

 ### Our mission for Veterans and Active Duty military members
 Being Veteran owned and operated, we at Victorum our passionate about serving those who first served us.
 We are proud to be a #Mission22 partner and offer free classes to Veterans, Active Duty military, and their families, to help fight and raise awareness to the Veteran suicide rate plaguing America today.

 By becoming a member, you are also doing your part as a portion of every members dues are donated to #Mission22 as well as local Organizations and Foundations dedicated to the betterment of Active Duty and Veteran lives.

 Home: OpeningHours
 Address:

 Victorum Lancaster
 1125 W Ave L8 #103
 Lancaster, Ca 93534

 # Privacy Policy
 # Terms of Service
 Email:

 info@victorumathletics.com

 Phone:

 661.522.4288

 - - - -

 Victorum Palmdale
 3841 5th St W Ste C
 Palmdale, Ca 93551

 Home: Contact

 Home: Stores_Slider_Gallery_Widget
 Home: GetSubscribers_Widget
 Subscribe

 Submit
