---
source_url: http://www.bjjhighpoint.com
final_url: https://tigerrockhighpoint.com/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:49.782Z
---

Menu Close Reviews

 Contact

 # RMNU Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 ## Whether you're the next world champion or just looking to build your mind, body and spirit while having a ton of fun, let our certified instructors show you why our program is the best in High Point.

 See Class Schedule & Registration Options

 ## Jiu-Jitsu classes Build Benefits for Life

 #### Strength

 Adult BJJ classes build strength in a real, functional way, regardless of how old you are. Build your body as you hone your mind using real world, practical Jiu-Jitsu techniques

 #### Flexibility

 Flexibility isn't just for showing off, it has tremendous health benefits from increased quality of life to injury reduction, especially outside of the Martial Arts, in everyday life. Every professional Jiu-Jitsu fighter focuses on flexibility, and now you can train just like they do

 #### Agility

 Increased balance, awareness and precision turn you into an everyday superhero. You'll be able to use your body to its fullest potential, building skills day by day. If you're in our classes, your physical potential will be unlocked.

 ## Adult BJJ classes Build Benefits for Life

 #### Limited Class Spaces - Enroll ASAP

 See Class Schedule &
Registration Options

 #### Uplevel Your Life

 Our students say one of the reasons they attend is that they're constantly "leveling up" and growing personally. What good does it do if you're only challenged physically? In our classes, you'll grow more than just muscle.

 #### You Belong

 You'll quickly find that Adult BJJ is one of the only places in your life where you're consistently supported, no matter what. Your peers and instructors are with you side by side, everyday. This is a family and we want you to be a part of it.

 #### Rock Solid Confidence

 It's tough to learn the amazing skills you'll be learning and not find yourself with heaps of newly built confidence. With each passing class, you'll slowly but surely build a rock solid foundation of confidence that will travel with you far beyond the mats.

 Convenience

 Community

 Personal Growth

 ## Your Instructor

 ## Steve Snyder

 Steve Snyder is an extremely accomplished martial artist. He is known and respected worldwide amongst many of the legends within TaeKwonDo, Kickboxing, and Brazilian JiuJitsu. Snyder uses these resources and accomplishments to bring the best teaching principles to students within the academy. His focus is primarily driven towards guiding student’s training and helping them achieve personal goals.

 Ranks
 - 4th Degree Black Belt (Robson Moura Brazilian JiuJitsu)
 - 7th Degree Black Belt (Tiger Rock Martial Arts)
 - 7th Degree Black Belt (Joe Lewis Kickboxing)
 - 6th Degree Black Belt (Superfoot Wallace Kickboxing)

 ## This is for real people.

 ## Adult BJJ Classes were designed specifically for you

 #### Curriculum

 Our classes were designed specifically for the average person. You'll build skills step by step, without having to be a superstar to see improvement. But stick with it, and you'll see your abilities soar!

 #### Community

 You'll will be surrounded by peers striving towards the same goals you are, day in, day out. You'll build friendships and be supported in your individual journey.

 #### Mental Health

 We've always known it, but now the science agrees: You must take time for your own mental health. Martial Arts helps you clear your mind, accomplish goals, and be more healthy, from the inside out.

 #### Physical Skills

 It's more than just learning awesome looking moves - it's proprioception, balance, agility and more - physical skills that will remain with and benefit you for the rest of your life.

 ## Adult BJJ Classes Build Benefits for Life

 See Class Schedule &
Registration Options

 ## We need programs like Adult BJJ now more than ever...

 ## 10% more likely to die

 But it's not just adverse health outcomes

 Americans who lead sedentary lives aren't just at increased risk for obesity and heart disease; they're 10% more likely to die prematurely than those who get adequate physical exercise.

 ## $1,429/yr

 In extra medical costs

 ## The average unhealthy individual who leads a sedentary lifestyle pays, on average, $1,429 more in medical costs every year. It's not just good for your body to find something enjoyable to keep you healthy, it's good for your pocketbook!

 ## 42+% of Adults

 Almost half of Adults are Obese

 More and more it seems inevitable that as we grow into adults, we slow down and become unhealthy. But it doesn't have to be this way! You can find something you love to do that will keep you happy and healthy for the rest of your life.

 ## Adult BJJ can help you defend yourself from these negative health outcomes in a way that most "exercise programs" can't. Because we're not a gym...

 ## We're a community

 #### Mission

 Our mission for our Adult BJJ students is important: Increasing Quality of Life through awesome Jiu-Jitsu classes - whether you want to be the next pro or just build your own personal strength and confidence.

 #### Atmosphere

 Having a solid foundation of positivity in your life is invaluable. You can't control your experiences everywhere, and it can wear on you. But at Adult BJJ, we focus on making our class the best part of your week.

 #### A Sense of Belonging

 At Adult BJJ, you don't have to be the best athlete in class; you'll always know you're a valued member, and part of the team, each and every day.

 ## Adult BJJ Classes Build Benefits for Life

 #### Limited Class Spaces - Enroll ASAP

 See Class Schedule &
Registration Options

 ## Gyms vs. Adult BJJ Classes

 ## Typical "workout" Gyms

 Sign you up and then leave you on your own

 Unhelpful, untrained staff

 Judgement if you don't know the jargon or aren't as fit as everyone else

 You're a number; no one cares about your goals or success

 Traditional gyms don't work for most people.

 For many people, the emotional cost and lack of support simply aren't worth the effort or time commitment

 ## Adult BJJ

 Everyone is included, physically gifted or not

 Trained, caring, professional instructors

 Measurable increases in flexibility, strength and agility

 Peers and professionals who care deeply about you and your success

 Adult BJJ is the perfect solution

 None of the drawbacks of a traditional gym, but far, far more potential for physical, mental and emotional growth

 ## What do Actual Adult BJJ Members Say?

 We regularly survey our members to be sure we're offering the best program possible. Here's a sample of the real feedback we get regularly:

 ## Member Feedback:

 This is my first Jui Jitsu school and have to say that so far the experience has been awesome.
 Incredible staff and the class mates are out of this world, they're very supportive with you even you get scared as a newbie they try to make you confident and boost your experience, I absolutely recommend this place without doubt

 ## Member Feedback:

 Would recommend to anyone and everyone. The instructors are amazing and full of energy. They are filled with information they are dying to share, and really seem to have a passion for teaching. Each class is something new and exciting, I have learned more then any other place I have been. I'm sad I'm a graduating senior or else I would take every class they have to offer!

 ## RMNU-NC AFFILIATES

 BJJ High Point is under Robson Moura, RMNU Association. BJJ High Point has instructors who are operating Brazilian JiuJitsu programs under the full supervision of Steve Snyder. These instructors receive regular training, promotions in rank, and follow by a set of strict guidelines set by Steve Snyder and RMNU.

 ## Adult BJJ Classes Build Benefits for Life

 #### Limited Class Spaces - Enroll ASAP

 See Class Schedule &
Registration Options

 Tiger Rock is the favorite choice of High Point families for their children's and teens' physical, mental and emotional development. Plus there’s no better facility for adults to improve their physical health and mental wellness. Schedule a trial today!

 ## Contact Us:

 ## Tiger Rock Martial Arts

 ## 336-869-8399

 ## TigerRockHighPoint @ gmail.com

 ## 3755 Admiral Dr, Suite 104 ## ## High Point, NC 27265

 Copyright © New Member Ninja. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use

 Web design by

 ## OptimizePress Popup Overlay OptimizePress Popup Overlay.
 ## See Up-To-Date Schedule and Registration Options

 Get more info via text and email, plus see our current schedule and enrollment options on the next page (regularly updated)

 See Current Class Schedule & Registration Options

 Why do we need your contact information?
 This is a "static" page and is not regularly updated. Entering your information will forward you to a page with up-to-date scheduling and registration details. We'll also send pertinent information via email and/or text message about Tiger Rock Martial Arts and this program, but you can unsubscribe permanently and anonymously from all communications at any time.
 We will never sell or share your information for any reason, ever.

 ## Member Feedback:

 So well kept, great positive atmosphere to work out at! Instructors are super friendly and will work w/ you to costuming your workout to achieve your goals!! They have absolutely great service would definitely recommend this place for your workouts!

 Close

 ## OptimizePress Popup Overlay OptimizePress Popup Overlay.
 ## Humans: Do not complete this form

 This is a spam catch form

 Submit

 Close

 ## OptimizePress Popup Overlay OptimizePress Popup Overlay.
 Terms & Conditions
 Terms and Conditions of Ninja Movement Marketing websites including this website operated by Tiger Rock Martial Arts

 These Terms govern
 - the use of this Application, and, - any other related Agreement or legal relationship with the Owner
 in a legally binding way. Capitalized words are defined in the relevant dedicated section of this document.

 The User must read this document carefully.
 This Application is provided by:
 Journey Group
 6513 E. 46th St. STE C
 Tulsa, OK 74145
 Owner contact email: use @newmember.ninja

 What the User should know at a glance
 - Please note that some provisions in these Terms may only apply to certain categories of Users. In particular, certain provisions may only apply to Consumers or to those Users that do not qualify as Consumers. Such limitations are always explicitly mentioned within each affected clause. In the absence of any such mention, clauses apply to all Users.

 TERMS OF USE
 Unless otherwise specified, the terms of use detailed in this section apply generally when using this Application.
 Single or additional conditions of use or access may apply in specific scenarios and in such cases are additionally indicated within this document.
 By using this Application, Users confirm to meet the following requirements:
 - There are no restrictions for Users in terms of being Consumers or Business Users;

 Content on this Application
 Unless where otherwise specified or clearly recognizable, all content available on this Application is owned or provided by the Owner or its licensors.

 The Owner undertakes its utmost effort to ensure that the content provided on this Application infringes no applicable legal provisions or third-party rights. However, it may not always be possible to achieve such a result.
 In such cases, without prejudice to any legal prerogatives of Users to enforce their rights, Users are kindly asked to preferably report related complaints using the contact details provided in this document.

 Rights regarding content on this Application - All rights reserved

 The Owner holds and reserves all intellectual property rights for any such content.

 Users may not therefore use such content in any way that is not necessary or implicit in the proper use of the Service.

 In particular, but without limitation, Users may not copy, download, share (beyond the limits set forth below), modify, translate, transform, publish, transmit, sell, sublicense, edit, transfer/assign to third parties or create derivative works from the content available on this Application, nor allow any third party to do so through the User or their device, even without the User's knowledge.

 Where explicitly stated on this Application, the User may download, copy and/or share some content available through this Application for its sole personal and non-commercial use and provided that the copyright attributions and all the other attributions requested by the Owner are correctly implemented.

 Any applicable statutory limitation or exception to copyright shall stay unaffected.

 Access to external resources
 Through this Application Users may have access to external resources provided by third parties. Users acknowledge and accept that the Owner has no control over such resources and is therefore not responsible for their content and availability.

 Conditions applicable to any resources provided by third parties, including those applicable to any possible grant of rights in content, result from each such third parties’ terms and conditions or, in the absence of those, applicable statutory law.

 Acceptable use
 This Application and the Service may only be used within the scope of what they are provided for, under these Terms and applicable law.
 Users are solely responsible for making sure that their use of this Application and/or the Service violates no applicable law, regulations or third-party rights.

 Therefore, the Owner reserves the right to take any appropriate measure to protect its legitimate interests including by denying Users access to this Application or the Service, terminating contracts, reporting any misconduct performed through this Application or the Service to the competent authorities – such as judicial or administrative authorities - whenever Users engage or are suspected to engage in any of the following activities:
 - violate laws, regulations and/or these Terms; - infringe any third-party rights; - considerably impair the Owner’s legitimate interests; - offend the Owner or any third party. -
 Liability and indemnification
 Australian Users
 Limitation of liability
 Nothing in these Terms excludes, restricts or modifies any guarantee, condition, warranty, right or remedy which the User may have under the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) or any similar State and Territory legislation and which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified (non-excludable right). To the fullest extent permitted by law, our liability to the User, including liability for a breach of a non-excludable right and liability which is not otherwise excluded under these Terms of Use, is limited, at the Owner’s sole discretion, to the re-performance of the services or the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.

 US Users
 Disclaimer of Warranties
 This Application is provided strictly on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Use of the Service is at Users’ own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Owner expressly disclaims all conditions, representations, and warranties — whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of third-party rights. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by user from owner or through the Service will create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
 Without limiting the foregoing, the Owner, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, suppliers and employees do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct; that the Service will meet Users’ requirements; that the Service will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. Any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is downloaded at users own risk and users shall be solely responsible for any damage to Users’ computer system or mobile device or loss of data that results from such download or Users’ use of the Service.

 The Owner does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Service or any hyperlinked website or service, and the Owner shall not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between Users and third-party providers of products or services.

 The Service may become inaccessible or it may not function properly with Users’ web browser, mobile device, and/or operating system. The owner cannot be held liable for any perceived or actual damages arising from Service content, operation, or use of this Service.
 Federal law, some states, and other jurisdictions, do not allow the exclusion and limitations of certain implied warranties. The above exclusions may not apply to Users. This Agreement gives Users specific legal rights, and Users may also have other rights which vary from state to state. The disclaimers and exclusions under this agreement shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

 Limitations of liability

 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Owner, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, suppliers and employees be liable for
 - any indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, arising out of or relating to the use of, or inability to use, the Service; and - any damage, loss or injury resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the Service or User account or the information contained therein; - any errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content; - personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from User access to or use of the Service; - any unauthorized access to or use of the Owner’s secure servers and/or any and all personal information stored therein; - any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; - any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like that may be transmitted to or through the Service; - any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Service; and/or - the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any User or third party. In no event shall the Owner, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, suppliers and employees be liable for any claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses or costs in an amount exceeding the amount paid by User to the Owner hereunder in the preceding 12 months, or the period of duration of this agreement between the Owner and User, whichever is shorter.

 This limitation of liability section shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if company has been advised of the possibility of such damage.

 Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, therefore the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to User. The terms give User specific legal rights, and User may also have other rights which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability under the terms shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

 Indemnification
 The User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold the Owner and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, suppliers and employees harmless from and against any and all claims or demands, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses, including, but not limited to, legal fees and expenses, arising from
 - User’s use of and access to the Service, including any data or content transmitted or received by User; - User’s violation of these terms, including, but not limited to, User’s breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth in these terms; - User’s violation of any third-party rights, including, but not limited to, any right of privacy or intellectual property rights; - User’s violation of any statutory law, rule, or regulation; - any content that is submitted from User’s account, including third party access with User’s unique username, password or other security measure, if applicable, including, but not limited to, misleading, false, or inaccurate information; - User’s wilful misconduct; or - statutory provision by User or its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners, suppliers and employees to the extent allowed by applicable law.

 Common provisions
 No Waiver
 The Owner’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of any such right or provision. No waiver shall be considered a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.

 Service interruption
 To ensure the best possible service level, the Owner reserves the right to interrupt the Service for maintenance, system updates or any other changes, informing the Users appropriately.

 Within the limits of law, the Owner may also decide to suspend or terminate the Service altogether. If the Service is terminated, the Owner will cooperate with Users to enable them to withdraw Personal Data or information in accordance with applicable law.

 Additionally, the Service might not be available due to reasons outside the Owner’s reasonable control, such as “force majeure” (eg. labor actions, infrastructural breakdowns or blackouts etc).

 Service reselling
 Users may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of this Application and of its Service without the Owner’s express prior written permission, granted either directly or through a legitimate reselling program.

 Privacy policy
 To learn more about the use of their Personal Data, Users may refer to the privacy policy of this Application.

 Intellectual property rights
 Without prejudice to any more specific provision of these Terms, any intellectual property rights, such as copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights and design rights related to this Application are the exclusive property of the Owner or its licensors and are subject to the protection granted by applicable laws or international treaties relating to intellectual property.

 All trademarks — nominal or figurative — and all other marks, trade names, service marks, word marks, illustrations, images, or logos appearing in connection with this Application are, and remain, the exclusive property of the Owner or its licensors and are subject to the protection granted by applicable laws or international treaties related to intellectual property.

 Changes to these Terms
 The Owner reserves the right to amend or otherwise modify these Terms at any time. In such cases, the Owner will appropriately inform the User of these changes.

 Such changes will only affect the relationship with the User for the future.
 The continued use of the Service will signify the User’s acceptance of the revised Terms. If Users do not wish to be bound by the changes, they must stop using the Service. Failure to accept the revised Terms, may entitle either party to terminate the Agreement.

 The applicable previous version will govern the relationship prior to the User's acceptance. The User can obtain any previous version from the Owner.
 If required by applicable law, the Owner will specify the date by which the modified Terms will enter into force.

 Assignment of contract
 The Owner reserves the right to transfer, assign, dispose of by novation, or subcontract any or all rights or obligations under these Terms, taking the User’s legitimate interests into account. Provisions regarding changes of these Terms will apply accordingly.
 Users may not assign or transfer their rights or obligations under these Terms in any way, without the written permission of the Owner.

 Contacts
 All communications relating to the use of this Application must be sent using the contact information stated in this document.

 Severability
 Should any provision of these Terms be deemed or become invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect.

 US Users
 Any such invalid or unenforceable provision will be interpreted, construed and reformed to the extent reasonably required to render it valid, enforceable and consistent with its original intent. These Terms constitute the entire Agreement between Users and the Owner with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede all other communications, including but not limited to all prior agreements, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. These Terms will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

 EU Users
 Should any provision of these Terms be or be deemed void, invalid or unenforceable, the parties shall do their best to find, in an amicable way, an agreement on valid and enforceable provisions thereby substituting the void, invalid or unenforceable parts.
 In case of failure to do so, the void, invalid or unenforceable provisions shall be replaced by the applicable statutory provisions, if so permitted or stated under the applicable law.
 Without prejudice to the above, the nullity, invalidity or the impossibility to enforce a particular provision of these Terms shall not nullify the entire Agreement, unless the severed provisions are essential to the Agreement, or of such importance that the parties would not have entered into the contract if they had known that the provision would not be valid, or in cases where the remaining provisions would translate into an unacceptable hardship on any of the parties.

 Governing law
 These Terms are governed by the law of the place where the Owner is based, as disclosed in the relevant section of this document, without regard to conflict of laws principles.

 Exception for European Consumers
 However, regardless of the above, if the User qualifies as a European Consumer and has their habitual residence in a country where the law provides for a higher consumer protection standard, such higher standards shall prevail.

 Venue of jurisdiction
 The exclusive competence to decide on any controversy resulting from or connected to these Terms lies with the courts of Tulsa, Oklahoma

 Close

 ## OptimizePress Popup Overlay OptimizePress Popup Overlay.
 ## Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy for Journey Group and Newmember.ninja websites including this site operated by Tiger Rock Martial Arts is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use of any Journey Group / Newmember.ninja website.
 Visiting a page on a Journey Group/Ninja Movement Marketing websites means you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
 Information Collection and Use
 For a better experience while using Journey Group/Ninja Movement Marketing websites, we may ask or require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
 Any Journey Group/Ninja Movement Marketing website that asks for confidential information such as Credit Card information will only do so through the use of a third party secure collection process. Independent operators of Journey Group/ Ninja Movement Marketing websites are responsible for vetting third party payment collection services and for ensuring that these services utilize safe, up to date payment processing methods.
 Log Data
 When you visit Journey Group/Ninja Movement Marketing websites, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
 Cookies
 Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
 Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
 Service Providers
 We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
 - To facilitate Journey Group/Ninja Movement Marketing website operation; - To provide services on our behalf; - To perform website related services; or - To assist us in analyzing how Journey Group/Ninja Movement Marketing websites are operating

 These third parties may have access to your Personal Information. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
 Security
 We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
 Links to Other Sites
 Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
 Children's Privacy
 Journey Group/Ninja Movement Marketing websites do not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
 Changes to This Privacy Policy
 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
 Contact Us
 If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

 Close

 Skip to content
