---
source_url: https://synthesisbjj.com/schedule/
final_url: https://synthesisbjj.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:06.468Z
---

# Class Schedule ##### Find the Right Time for You Explore our class schedule to find the perfect time to train at Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. With nearly 50 classes a week spanning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Wrestling, Striking, and MMA, we offer flexible options for all ages and skill levels. Whether you’re looking for morning, evening, or weekend sessions, we have something that fits your schedule. Join us and take your training to the next level!
 Download Schedule

 #### Current ### Class Schedule
 Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Click a program to filter:
 Please Select A Day

 Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday No-Gi6:00 a.m. | Gi6:00 a.m. | No-Gi6:00 a.m. | Gi6:00 a.m. | No-Gi Positional Class6:00 a.m. | Wrestling9:00 a.m. | No-Gi9:00 a.m. No-Gi11:00 a.m. | Wrestling10:00 a.m. | No-Gi11:00 am | Wrestling10:00 a.m. | | Gi Fundamentals10:00 a.m. | Open Mat5:00 p.m. Kids No-Gi5:00 p.m. | Gi11:00 a.m. | Kids Gi5:00 p.m. | Gi11:00 am | No-Gi11:00 a.m. | Mem. Free Roll10:00 a.m. | Gi Fundamentals5:00 p.m. | Kids Gi5:00 p.m. | Gi Fundamentals5:00 p.m. | Kids Gi5:00 p.m. | Gi Positional Class5:30 p.m. | MMA Sparring10:30 a.m. | Gi6:15 p.m. | Gi 5:00 p.m. | Striking6:15 p.m. | Gi 5:00 p.m. | No-Gi6:00 p.m. | | No-Gi6:15 p.m. | Striking5:00 p.m. | Gi6:15 p.m. | Striking5:00 p.m. | | | Beginner Striking7:00 p.m. | MMA6:00 p.m. | No-Gi6:15 p.m. | MMA6:00 p.m. | | | MMA Sparring(open to public) 8:15 p.m. | Gi Sparring6:00 p.m. | MMA7:15 p.m. | Gi Sparring6:00 p.m. | | | | No-Gi6:00 p.m. | | No-Gi6:00 p.m. | | |

 ## Family Discount: $10 off memberships Bring the whole family and get $10 off each monthly membership!

 Join Today ##### Bring the Whole Family For a Discount: $10 off a month! ×

 #### Want to Learn More? ### Discover the Synthesis Difference
 ##### Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just a gym—it’s a community. Whether you’re stepping onto the mats for the first time or you’re a seasoned competitor, our inclusive and supportive environment will help you grow. With high-level instruction, a top-tier facility, and a focus on both physical and mental wellness, we’re here to help you succeed.
 Come experience the Synthesis difference today!

 ## Contact Us! Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu welcomes those in Rochester and Henrietta and those in the following communities: Victor, Pittsford, Mendon, and Brighton. We are located off New York 390 and Jefferson Road Intersection in the Frontier Plaza above Bryant and Stratton College!

 (585) 256-1548

 1225 Jefferson Rd a201, Rochester, NY 14623
