---
source_url: https://synthesisbjj.com/programs/instructors/
final_url: https://synthesisbjj.com/programs/instructors/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:08.637Z
---

# Instructors Led by Casey and Lauren Lamb , Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is built on a foundation of experience and passion. With decades of training and multiple world championship titles, our instructors are committed to sharing their knowledge and helping every student reach their full potential. More than just coaches, they are mentors who care about your growth on and off the mats. Meet our team and train with some of the best in the business!

 #### Meet Our Team Of ### Instructors & Coaches
 ##### Casey Lamb ###### Owner & Head Coach

 1st degree Black Belt
 World Champion Master Brown Belt
 Silver medalist Master Black Belt
 D1 Wrestler at Cornell University
 Coached and cornered UFC GOAT Jon “Bones” Jones

 ##### Lauren Lamb ###### Owner, Brown Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu 6 time US Women’s National Champion Freestyle Wrestling and World Team Member

 ##### Jason Goldwasser ###### 1st Degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ##### Nick Tomaszwski ###### Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ##### Vince Delmage ###### Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ##### Mike Lombardo ###### Brown Belt Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ##### Larry Clevenger ###### Kids Coach

 ##### Phil Mancini ###### Brown Belt in BJJ

 ##### Jason Imes ###### Purple Belt in BJJ

 ##### Phil VanHarken ###### Purple Belt in BJJ

 ##### Jonathan Pierzma ###### MMA Coach, Brown Belt in BJJ, Professional MMA Fighter

 ##### Kevin Carrier ###### MMA Coach

 ##### Phil Butterfield ###### Wrestling Coach

 ##### Bryan Matthews ###### Striking Coach

 ## College Student Discount: $10 Off Your Membership! Active College Students get $10 off of their monthly membership when they train with us!

 Join Today ##### Active College Students: $10 off a month! ×

 ## Contact Us! Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu welcomes those in Rochester and Henrietta and those in the following communities: Victor, Pittsford, Mendon, and Brighton. We are located off New York 390 and Jefferson Road Intersection in the Frontier Plaza above Bryant and Stratton College!

 (585) 256-1548

 1225 Jefferson Rd a201, Rochester, NY 14623
