---
source_url: https://synthesisbjj.com
final_url: https://synthesisbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:09.720Z
---

# Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ### welcoming, professional & knowledgable
 Sign Up Today

 ##### FREE WEEK of UNLIMITED TRAINING FOR NEW STUDENTS! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Rochester, New York! We welcome everyone, no matter your background or skill level. Our strong culture of inclusivity and friendship allows you to become a part of something truly special. Synthesis’s goal is to become a second home to those looking for something new and meaningful. Martial arts training at Synthesis allows students to forget life’s worries while learning world-class techniques. Join us at Synthesis to find what YOU are looking for!

 ## FREE UNLIMITED WEEK New Students can try any of our classes TODAY with a free week of unlimited training!

 Join Now ##### FREE WEEK of UNLIMITED TRAINING FOR NEW STUDENTS! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 #### About the School at ### Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 #### About Us Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the best school for martial arts in and around Rochester, New York. Our 11,000-square-foot facility with over 5,000 square feet of mat space allows us to teach everyone and everything, offering nearly 50 classes a week. Our plethora of classes accommodates all students. Synthesis students range from hobbyists looking for fitness to fighters who make a living on the mats. While providing the best training possible, we also strive for every student to better themselves. That comes mentally and physically, as we stay connected with school events, including watch parties for our competitive fighters and an annual picnic. Synthesis is THE place for all martial artists!
 Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is proud to be an affiliate of Robson Moura Nations United (RMNU), a globally recognized Jiu-Jitsu affiliation led by Robson Moura, a 5th-degree black belt and 8X World Champion. As the founder and head coach of RMNU, Robson has built an international network dedicated to technical excellence, innovation, and a strong sense of community. His dynamic approach to Jiu-Jitsu has influenced countless practitioners worldwide, and through our affiliation with RMNU, Synthesis continues to uphold his high standards of instruction, discipline, and passion for the art.

 #### History For more than a decade, Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has taught martial arts in New York. Owners Casey and Lauren Lamb have grown the business from a basement in Webster to the large facility now in Rochester. They have each seen and learned a lot in their time in martial arts. Their journeys began in the 1980’s with wrestling and has extended to other martial arts, including Jiu-Jitsu. Each has found great success fighting, both becoming world champions in 2019. Nevertheless, their greatest reward has been watching their students compete and place in major tournaments over their own achievements. Their passion for martial arts and community continues every day at Synthesis.

 ## Family Discount: $10 off memberships Bring the whole family and get $10 off each monthly membership!

 Join Today ##### Bring the Whole Family For a Discount: $10 off a month! ×

 ### Why Choose Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 More Than Just a Gym – A Community That Elevates You
 At Synthesis, we offer world-class instruction, a welcoming atmosphere, and a commitment to your growth —both on and off the mats. Join us and experience the difference!

 ##### High-Quality Our focus on fundamentals and sound technique lifts our Jiu-Jitsu to the next level. This goes for everyone, from our professional fighters to our hobbyists.

 ##### All-Inclusive The culture at Synthesis is second to none. We welcome everyone from all backgrounds, races, age groups, gender, and skill levels.

 ##### Mental Wellness Martial arts provides a great place to improve your mental state. We strive to help every student with their mental health, and will go out of our way to make sure you are doing well.

 ##### Facility Synthesis hosts students in one of the best facilities for BJJ and martial arts. Our 11,000-square-foot facility holds around over 5000 square feet of mat space to train on.

 ##### Strength Through training and exercise, each student will find themselves getting stronger after every class. That goes for physical strength as well as gaining mental fortitude.

 ##### Schedule No matter your schedule, you can likely find a class to take at Synthesis. We are open seven days a week and offer nearly 50 different classes to sign up.

 ## Heroes’ Discount: $10 off membership Military, Law Enforcement & First Responders:
 Train with us and get $10 off of your monthly membership

 Join Today ##### Military, Law Enforcement & First Responders : $10 off a month! ×

 #### See What’s Happening At ### Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## College Student Discount: $10 Off Your Membership! Active College Students get $10 off of their monthly membership when they train with us!

 Join Today ##### Active College Students: $10 off a month! ×

 ### What Our Students Are Saying About Us Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than a place to train—it’s a second home. Our students come from all backgrounds, united by a shared passion for growth and learning. Hear firsthand from those who have experienced the transformative power of training at Synthesis. From beginners to competitors, our community speaks for itself.

 Previous “The owner and head trainer Casey Lamb is one of the best people I’ve ever met.”

 Josh K.
 Google

 “The facility is huge and clean.”

 Shaun N.
 Google

 “The facilities are great, the people were kind and welcoming, and the instruction was top notch.”

 John P.
 Google

 “This is a very nice school with very kind instructors and training partners.”

 Shantanu B.
 Google

 “6 out of 5 stars”

 Andrew H.
 Google

 Next

 ## Class Schedule Check out our current class schedule and find the program that’s right for you!

 View Schedule

 ## Contact Us! Synthesis Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu welcomes those in Rochester and Henrietta and those in the following communities: Victor, Pittsford, Mendon, and Brighton. We are located off New York 390 and Jefferson Road Intersection in the Frontier Plaza above Bryant and Stratton College!

 (585) 256-1548

 1225 Jefferson Rd a201, Rochester, NY 14623
