---
source_url: https://www.ileestaekwondo.com/programs/classes/
final_url: https://www.ileestaekwondo.com/programs/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:08.110Z
---

Download Class Schedule
 ### Tae Kwon Do Taekwondo is literally translated from the Korean words. When broken down, Tae-meaning “to kick” or strike with the foot, Kwon- meaning “fist” or to strike with hand”, and Do-meaning” path of discipline” or “art”. Put these three words together and “Tae Kwon Do has the meaning of “the art of kicking, punching, and unarmed combat. Modern day Taekwondo, as it has become developed through time, is a unique Martial Arts incorporated both the quick, straight-line movements that characterized the various Japanese systems and the flowing circular movements of most Chinese styles.
 What truly distinguishes Taekwondo is its varied and uniquely powerful kicking techniques. It is this prominent use of leg and kicking techniques that sets Taekwondo apart from all other Martial Arts. Taekwondo is far more than simply a system concerned with physical powers, it is also an Art directed toward the moral development of its practitioners.
 ### Hapkido The Korean term “Hapkido” is a combination of three words: Hap meaning “Harmony” or “coordination.” KI meaning “power” or more literally, “cosmic force” and DO meaning “path of discipline” or “Art.” In short, Hapkido means the “Art of power coordination.” This coordination of power is manifested in two ways: first and most important is the harmony between mind and body. To be able to function most effectively in a combat situation, to have good judgment and the confidence to use self-defense when you need it, one must have total control of both mind and body.
 Hapkido is primarily defensive in nature, but it can be used for offense if absolutely needed. Many of its techniques are based upon an opponent’s attack. Once the attack has been nullified, a devastating counterattack can be launched. Many times this is simultaneous with the attack. Hapkido techniques range from small skill, which will control or stop the attacker, to large skill, which will extinguish life if absolutely necessary. Dragon Yong-ln Martial Arts Hapkido black belts are certified through the Korean Hapkido Federation. Grandmaster Jo is a certified Master in KHF, the KHF is the largest and most known throughout the world.
 ### Haidong Gumdo History of HaiDong GumDo
 Haidong Gumdo is the martial art of the ancient Goguryo Kingdom (AD 331).
 Master Sul Bong established a dojang by Sam Ji Lake in the Baekdoo Mountains and taught his apostles a martial art based on the ideas of patriotism, filial piety, respecting the elderly and executing righteousness.
 Among them, the outstanding ones were called Samurang and they were always at the front line of the battle against injustice.
 The true principle of Haidong Gumdo is to execute justice with the ‘sword light’ that is obtained at the break of day from majestic and brilliant sunlight that glows over the east sea. In recent days, Master Jang Baek San passed down a martial art to Mr. Jeong-Ho Kim, beginning in 1961.
 Mr. Kim modernized the art and established his dojang in Ahn Yang city
 on July 24, 1982. On April 10th, 1984, he founded the Korean Haidong Gumdo Federation in the Seocho district of Seoul and established the World Haidong Gumdo Federation on November 25, 1996.
 On July 23, 2002, the first World Haidong Gumdo Championship was held in Yong Pyung stadium in Kang Won Province.
 Over a 10,000 competitors from 14 countries participated.
 From July 25th to 27th in 2004, The 2004 World Haidong Gumdo Championship was also successfully held with over 10,000 competitors from 31 countries. Currently, Haidong Gumdo is one of the world’s leading martial arts with a million practitioners and over 1,000 training centers in 50 countries.
