---
source_url: https://www.tupelojiujitsuacademy.com/b/the-origins-of-jiu-jitsu-tracing-the-martial-arts-journey-from-japan-to-brazil
final_url: https://tupelojiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:16.242Z
---

1- 662-397-4033

 811b Varsity Drive Tupelo MS, 38801

 - Home - Schedule - BJJ - MMA - Youth Program - Women's Jiu Jitsu - Fitness Kickboxing - Self Defense Classes - Blog - Contact - Waiver

 # Join Tupelo's Premier Martial Arts Academy # Expert Training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA, Boxing, Kickboxing, Wrestling

 GET STARTED WITH A FREE WEEK TRIAL

 #tupelosmartialartsschool

 - Home - Schedule - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - MMA - Youth Program - Women's Only Class - Fitness Kickboxing - Self Defense Classes - Blog - Contact - Waiver

 ## Learn the art of Jiu Jitsu and MMA

 # Tupelo Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 Tupelo's Premiere Martial Arts Academy

 Free Week Trial

 Tupelo's Top Rated Martial Arts School

 15yrs

 Jiu Jitsu/MMA Experience

 150 +

 Happy Students

 100%

 Committed to Excellence

 Enable sound

 Our Classes

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques, emphasizing leverage and technique rather than size and strength. BJJ training can offer a range of benefits including:

 - Improved physical fitness, strength, and flexibility - Increased self-confidence and discipline - Enhanced problem-solving skills and mental agility

 Learn more about our BJJ GI and No Gi Classes

 ## Youth Jiu Jitsu program 5-13yr

 Our Youth Jiu Jitsu program offers an opportunity for kids to learn the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a fun and supportive environment. Here are three benefits of our youth program:

 - Improved physical fitness and coordination - Enhanced self-confidence and social skills - Introduction to self-defense skills and techniques in a safe and controlled setting.

 Learn more about our youth program

 ## Professional MMA

 Our MMA program has produced fighters that have gone on to compete in some of the largest MMA promotions in the country, showcasing the effectiveness of our training methods and the quality of our instruction, you’ll be trained in multiple disciplines.

 - MMA Striking - Jiu Jitsu - Wrestling

 Learn more about our MMA program

 ## Women's Only Jiu Jitsu

 Our Women’s Only Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive space for women of all skill levels to learn and practice Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques.Our experienced instructors will help you develop your Jiu Jitsu skills while building confidence and empowering you in all areas of your life.

 - Increased self-defense skills and techniques in a women-only environment - Increased overall strength, flexibility, and coordination - A sense of community and camaraderie with other women who share similar interests and goals.

 Learn more about our women's only classes

 ## Fitness Kickboxing

 Our Fitness Kickboxing program offers a fun and challenging workout that combines traditional kickboxing techniques with high-intensity interval training. Here are three benefits of our program:

 - Improved cardiovascular health and endurance - Increased overall strength, flexibility, and coordination - A fun and motivating group fitness experience that will help you relieve stress and boost your mood.

 Learn more about our Fitness Kickboxing classes

 ## Self Defense Classes

 Tap into tailored training that boosts your confidence and equips you with essential self-defense skills.

 - Private one on one lessons - Group Lessons - Self Defense Classes for Local Businesses

 Learn more about our self defense classes

 # WE BELIEVE EVERYONE HAS THE POTENTIAL TO BE A CHAMPION

 Whether you’re looking to get in shape, learn self-defense, or challenge yourself in a new way, our expert instructors will guide you every step of the way.
 With our proven curriculum you’ll be able to learn the art of Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Our classes are designed for people of all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners, and our instructors are committed to helping you achieve your goals.
 Jiu Jitsu is more than just a physical discipline. It’s a way of life that teaches you to push through challenges, overcome obstacles, and build confidence in yourself. Whether you’re looking to compete at the highest levels or simply improve your fitness and well-being, Tupelo Jiu Jitsu Academy has everything you need to succeed.

 Head Instructor

 # Cody Floyd

 Cody Floyd is the Head Instructor and Founder of Tupelo Jiu Jitsu Academy, where he leads the training and development of students in the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and MMA. With over 15 years of experience in the sport, Cody is a highly skilled practitioner, a respected teacher in the Jiu Jitsu community, and Tupelo’s first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt.
 As Head Instructor of Tupelo Jiu Jitsu Academy, Cody brings a wealth of knowledge and experience to his students. Cody’s expertise in Jiu Jitsu and MMA has also helped him to lead successful Mixed Martial Arts teams. His students have fought in some of the largest MMA promotions such as Strikeforce, Bellator, and LFA.
 Cody Floyd is a true ambassador of Jiu Jitsu, and his dedication to the sport and his students has made him a beloved figure in the community. Through his leadership and guidance, he continues to inspire and empower his students to achieve their dreams both on and off the mats.

 ## Join the Premier Martial Arts Academy in Tupelo, MS Are you looking to dive into the world of martial arts in Tupelo, MS? Our academy offers top-tier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and MMA training for all skill levels, guided by the expertise of Cody Floyd, Tupe... ...more
 Jiu Jitsu Blog
 July 04, 2024 • 3 min read

 ## Jiu-Jitsu in Popular Culture: From Movies to Celebrities Embracing the Art Dive into the world of Jiu-Jitsu as it takes center stage in popular culture. Tupelo Jiu Jitsu Academy: Join us for expert training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and more! Sign up for a free week trial today... ...more
 Jiu Jitsu Blog
 September 09, 2023 • 2 min read

 ## The Science Behind the Submission: Exploring the Anatomy of Jiu Jitsu Moves Tupelo Jiu-Jitsu Academy: Discover the science of Jiu-Jitsu techniques and enhance your skills. Join us for insights on biomechanics and effective training ...more
 Jiu Jitsu Blog
 August 10, 2023 • 2 min read

 ## The Origins of Jiu-Jitsu: Tracing the Martial Art's Journey from Japan to Brazil Tupelo Jiu-Jitsu Academy: Learn about the rich history of Jiu-Jitsu and join our community for effective self-defense and comprehensive training today! ...more
 Jiu Jitsu Blog
 July 19, 2023 • 3 min read

 # We're giving you a FREE week!

 ### Fill out the form or feel free to call us today

 CALL TODAY!
 We're dedicated to empowering our students with top-tier training in a supportive community. Welcome to the next chapter of your personal growth."

 ## 811b Varsity Drive Tupelo Ms 38801

 FREE WEEK TRIAL
 FILL OUT THE FORM OR CALL US

 SUBMIT

 I agree to terms & conditions provided by the company. By providing my phone number, I agree to receive text messages from the business.

 Gym © 2025 . Privacy Policy
 662 397 4033
 811b Varsity Drive Tupelo MS 38801
 site powered by solvetechmedia.com
