---
source_url: http://www.gracietampasouth.com/
final_url: https://gracietampasouth.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:55.843Z
---

# Reach your full potential with Gracie Tampa South in Tampa, FL! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kid’s Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu MMA Afterschool Summer Camp - - Preferred Contact Method* Preferred Method of Contact Email Text Phone

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Gracie Tampa South MMA to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## WELCOME TO GRACIE TAMPA SOUTH We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Gracie Tampa South, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Kid’s Martial Arts
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 View Program

 MMA
 Whether for competition or fitness, challenge your body with our MMA classes!
 View Program

 Afterschool
 Instead of worrying, let us teach them about respect, discipline, and fitness in our martial arts after school program.
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Summer vacation is a time when parents need to find activities for their kids. This year, why not try our summer camp?
 View Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Gracie Tampa South MMA
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Brock Austin Walker I dont think anybody can say there's a better mma gym on the west coast of Florida. To sum it up in one word, I would say, "class". Matt runs a professional gym with down to earth, easy to understand instructors *all of which have had pro fighting experience. I respect everybody I've had the honor of meeting, whether its a staff member at the door or someone I spar with. It's just a great place to go for people of all skill levels, in all walks of life, in any age group. I dont care what you do or who you are, this gym has a spot for you & will make you healthier & a better person & fighter.

 Cole Sillivant Awesome facility, super knowledgeable and friendly staff. I would highly recommend GTS to anybody looking for a place to train.

 Danny Kelley Absolutely excellent experience! If you are over 40 like me and want to challenge yourself in a safe training environment with positive people you will be proud to know, this is the gym/dojo for you. If you are young, that's okay too, just remember to let the old guys warm up first. I am a lifetime martial artist and have been to many other dojos over the years in a variety of martial arts. This is the best I have seen and you can train as a mixed martial artist whether or not you ever choose to compete. Top notch!

 Darlene Witham Awesome place with a whole lot of great people. It's clean, welcoming and accommodating! The ladies room even has shampoos and conditioners if you were in a rush and forgot your essentials. Can't ask for a better way to treat guests. 10/10

 Harry Pfannenschwarz GTS has totally changed my life! It has something for everyone whether you're interested in self-defense, kickboxing(Muay Thai), MMA, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, wrestling, lifting weights, etc. . . It has everything! The instructors and coaches are consummate professionals and it's a great environment for men and women of all ages and has kids programs as well. It's awesome! Check it out!

 Katy Jean Moore This Gym is the best in Tampa hands down. I have been a member for a little over a year, and that decision has literally transformed my mind, body, and soul. I was your typical NPC competitor that joined GTS because of my bodybuilding coach. He told me it would be great cardio and I would love it. It is addicting!You learn so much about yourself mentally, and physically!The coaches are incredible. The facility is clean and amazing! After a long day at work I can't wait to go train, and be in the environment that Matt Arroyo and his staff have created at this gym. It caters to any fitness level. The intro programs, all the way to advanced are set up to make anyone successful! I am truly grateful for Gracie Tampa South!

 Kelly Weber Francisco Our 6 & 7 year are both enrolled in Gracie Tampa South’s Big and Little Ninja programs. Not only are they learning jiu jitsu – a skill they will carry with them through adulthood – the coaches help the kids grow their core character as well. Every month they learn about a different positive trait – honesty, friendship, initiative, just to name a few. Our children learn about how to be “bullyproof”, and how not to be a bully. They learn the importance of individual development, but also the importance of working as a team – Brazilian jiu jitsu may be an individual sport, but you can’t learn or improve if you don’t work with your teammates. I can’t say enough positive things about the kids program and how much it means to our boys. Oh, and did I mention both myself and my husband train here as well? From beginners classes to high-skill level classes, GTS has you covered for fitness, for jiu jitsu, for striking/Muay Thai...you name it, they have top level coaches and amazing classes.

 Kristen Gardner Gracie Tampa South was friendly and welcoming as soon as I walked through the doors. Stayed for a NoGi class and learned some great moves. Afterwards, I rolled with a handful of people. Absolutely loved that each student I rolled with took the time to go over what they did after we rolled. Each of them caught me in something and when I asked how they did it. They took me step by step and showed me. I love seeing that! When students take the time to help out another and go over moves, just means the instructors are also doing an amazing job teaching. Keeping everyone safe and making sure they enjoy the experience to the fullest. Gracie Tampa South will always be on my list to visit. If you haven't tried them out, you need to!

 Kristin N Bear I can't tell you how impressed I've been with GTS. We live 20 min away and still make the drive 2-3 times a week because it has been so beneficial to our 9 yr old son. Not only does it meet every boy's need to have some physical outlet for all that energy, but we have noticed a huge difference in his maturity, respect, self-control, and confidence with his peers. The coaches are professional, kind, and amazing at understanding each individual child's unique needs and meeting them where they are at while encouraging them. Bonus that my son's grappling skills have rapidly improved in the few months we've been attending. This place is a diamond in the rough when it comes to martial arts programs for kids- it will NOT disappoint!

 Lance Crawford A true family environment. Amazing support, incredible instruction, wonderful people. Going into a martial arts facility for the first time can be a bit intimidating; however, the GTS family has made my wife and I feel so welcome. The staff and the members are encouraging and friendly, challenging but fun. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Master Matt has created a great MMA gym.

 Matt Allison Enjoy a clean facility with a fun, family environment. Learn from the best instructors in the game that take the time to follow through with your performance on the things you're taught. Fit for people of all ages and sizes, its a great way to get in shape or if you're that future mma champion, the coaching staff here can facilitate your needs to succeed.

 Melissa Alejandro Amazing gym and phenomenal instructors! I love everything about this place! Location, huge facility, clean and everyone here is like family.
 It's also military friendly, so if you're active duty and new to the area, I highly recommend you try out Gracie Tampa South before going anywhere else. You will not regret it.
 Ps. I recommend GTS to everyone, not just military. ;)

 Ray Camaraza Hands down the best environment I have ever been placed in. Every instructor is an absolute professional and my self confidence has never been higher. I am so grateful I took that first step by booking a 1 on 1 training session. Coming here was the best decision I could have made in my adult life. Thank you Gracie Tampa South!

 Tj Brownfield I have been training at GTS for almost a year now and I have enjoyed every min. They offer several types of classes; BJJ, boxing, kickboxing, wrestling, Judo, Yoga, fitness kickboxing and a variety of kids programs including daycare. The instructors have always been friendly and helpful, but more importantly all the other students are very welcoming. Starting martial arts can be very intimidating, but I highly suggest you stop in to GTS for at least a walk through to see that this is a very comfortable place to train.

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 VIEW OUR ADULT MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE & SPECIAL WEB OFFER!
 ## REQUEST INFORMATION
 Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY!
