---
source_url: https://sirenjiujitsu.com/membership%2Fpricing
final_url: https://sirenjiujitsu.com/membership%2Fpricing
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:18.571Z
---

# Welcome There's much to see here. So, take your time, look around, and learn all there is to know about us. We hope you enjoy our site and take a moment to drop us a line.

 ## Membership pricing ### Adult Jiu Jitsu

 #### Free 4 Class Trail $0

 Try Jiu Jitsu with our free 4 class trial at Siren Jiu Jitsu ! Join on your 4th class (or sooner) for 20% off your first month !

 #### Base Price $150 per month

 Unlock the full potential of your Jiu Jitsu journey with our Unlimited Membership at Siren Jiu Jitsu! This plan grants you unrestricted access to all our classes—whether it's gi, no-gi, or open mats.
 Add an additional family member for $110 per person

 #### Local Hero: Military, Veteran, Teacher, Medical, EMS, and Fire discount $130 per month

 At Siren Jiu Jitsu, we proudly support those who serve our communities and country. We offer discounts to military personnel, veterans, Teachers, EMS professionals, and firefighters as a token of our appreciation for their dedication and sacrifice. Additional family member rate: $100

 #### Student Rate $100 -$75 per month

 At Siren Jiu Jitsu, we’re committed to supporting the growth and development of young athletes. That’s why we offer a student rate for high school, college, and graduate students. This rate is offered for young adults enrolled in an education program aged 16-26. Students with an A average or gpa of 3.5+ will qualify for our $75 rate.

 #### 8 class pass $150 -$130

 Not sure how many classes you can come to in a month? No problem, get your 8 class pack. This never expires so you can use this as slowly as needed! Discounted rate for local heroes is available.

 #### Income sensitive reduced rate $100 -$50 per month

 We believe jiu jitsu should be for everyone, and not cost prohibitive.
 If our normal or discounted pricing is out of your reach, we encourage you to apply. Please allow up to 2 weeks for a response. This reduced rate is available only for our monthly memberships and cannot be combined with any other discounted rate. At this time we can only support 8 sliding scale memberships. Please send an email to julia@sirenjiujitsu.com for more information.

 #### Family Discount
 We offer a family discount! Adults in the same house hold get 20% off the first adult member's rate.

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu -

 #### Girls Ages 6-12 jiu jitsu class $80 per month

 Monday and Thursday at 6:00 PM to 6:45 PM

 #### Boys Ages 9 + self defense class $125 per month

 Tuesday, Wednesday, & Thursday at 5:00 PM - 6:00PM

 #### Homeschool Jiu jitsu class $65 per month

 Tuesdays at 11:3 - 12:30

 #### Family Discount 20% off each additional child

 We offer a family discount! The second child in the same household gets 20% off their membership. Children do not have to be in the same program. Applicable for additional siblings.

 ### Sign up for your first free Class! Welcome! Ready to start jiu jitsu with Siren? COme take your first class now!

 sign up

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
