---
source_url: https://sirenjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://sirenjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:18.716Z
---

- -

 # Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio

 Our mission is to empower you through jiu jitsu. Rebalance your day-to- day by achivingnew levels of fitness and confidence.

 Schedule your first free class

 # Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio Siren Jiu Jitsu - Martial Arts Studio

 Our mission is to empower you through jiu jitsu. Rebalance your day-to- day by achivingnew levels of fitness and confidence.

 Schedule your first free class

 #### Siren Jiu Jitsu: For beginners to competitors ### What is Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting. Unlike many other martial arts that emphasize striking, Jiu Jitsu teaches you how to use leverage and technique to control and submit opponents, no matter their size or strength. It’s a dynamic and effective system that’s not just about fighting—it's about learning how to move your body, build confidence, and develop discipline.

 ### Why Choose Siren Jiu Jitsu?
 At Siren Jiu Jitsu , we’re here to make Brazilian Jiu Jitsu accessible to everyone, whether you're 6 or 106. As a new studio, we’re dedicated to creating a safe, supportive, and welcoming environment for all adults—no matter your experience level or fitness background. Our classes are designed for beginners, so you don’t need any prior experience to get started. We also cater to more experience practitioners with high level details and 15 years of experience. We believe everyone, regardless of their size or skill, can benefit from BJJ.
 ### ### All Bodies Welcome
 Whether you're looking to get fit, learn self-defense, or just try something new, Siren Jiu Jitsu is the place for you. We welcome all bodies, all levels, and all backgrounds. Everyone deserves the chance to train in a comfortable, positive, and encouraging environment, and that’s exactly what we provide!

 Contact Us

 ## 7pm classes Monday Wednesday Thursday & Friday

 ## About Siren Jiu Jitsu #### Our Philosophy Welcome to Siren Jiu Jitsu, Newport News’ newest destination for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training! At our studio, we’re dedicated to fostering a safe and welcoming environment where practitioners of all levels can thrive. We offer a diverse range of classes, including both gi and no-gi sessions, open mats, and engaging seminars.

 Our mission is to make Jiu Jitsu accessible and enjoyable for everyone, with a special emphasis on creating an empowering space for women in martial arts. Whether you’re a seasoned athlete or just starting out, Siren Jiu Jitsu is here to support your journey with expert instruction, a vibrant community, and a commitment to fun and safety. Join us and be part of our growing family!

 #### Our Classes All of our classes are beginner friendly! No experience needed.

 We offer a variety of programs to meet the needs of every student, from teens to adults. Our offerings include: gi, no gi, seminars, private lessons, and open mat times.

 As we grow we will add more classes, check our social media and calendar for updates!

 #### Our Facilities At Siren Jiu Jitsu, we’re proud to offer a facility designed to enhance your training experience. Our spacious mat area provides ample room for our classes, allowing you to train comfortably and effectively.

 We are very proud to train on 2" thick tatami finish mats which rest atop our custom 4" sprung subfloor.

 In addition to our mat space, we have a weight lifting area for those looking to complement their Jiu Jitsu practice with strength and aerobic training.

 Our studio also features a cozy lounge area where you can socialize, catch up on work, or simply relax.

 For your convenience, our kitchenette and restroom are open for use.

 At Siren Jiu Jitsu, we’ve thought of everything to make your experience enjoyable, efficient, and family-friendly.

 Join us and discover a space where you can train, relax, and thrive.

 ## Our Owners & Instructors #### Meet Professor Vance and Coach Julia **Vance Barksdale **

 Vance Barksdale, a highly skilled 1st Degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, brings over 15 years of dedicated training and expertise to Siren Jiu Jitsu. Under the guidance of Chris Stapleton from Denver, Colorado, Vance has honed his craft to become a distinguished practitioner and instructor in the Jiu Jitsu community.

 Renowned for his technical prowess and attention to detail, Vance is celebrated for his innovative contribution to Jiu Jitsu: the creation of the “Bunny Choke.” His nickname, “Bunny,” reflects both his unique approach to the art and his engaging teaching style. Vance’s commitment to precision and clarity makes him an exceptional teacher, known for breaking down complex techniques into understandable and actionable components.

 Whether you’re a seasoned practitioner or a newcomer to the art, Vance’s classes promise a deep dive into the technical aspects of Jiu Jitsu, ensuring that every student gains a thorough understanding and appreciation of the techniques and strategies that define the sport. Join Vance at Siren Jiu Jitsu to experience his expertise and passion firsthand.

 **Julia Blackburn***
 Julia Blackburn, affectionately known as "Badger," has been training Jiu Jitsu for over 5 years. With a fierce competitive spirit, Julia has made a name for herself on the global stage, competing in IBJJF tournaments around the world and earning the top spot on the podium and in international rankings.

 She received her purple belt from the esteemed Diego Sariva. Julia’s approach to Jiu Jitsu blends serious competition training with a lighthearted and fun attitude. As an instructor, Julia is passionate about sharing her knowledge and experience, helping students find their own path in Jiu Jitsu. Her unique combination of competitive drive and playful enthusiasm makes her a dynamic and inspiring teacher at Siren Jiu Jitsu.

 ### Sign up for your first free Class! Welcome! Ready to start jiu jitsu with Siren? COme take your first class now!

 sign up

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
