---
source_url: http://dsmjudo.com/open-mats
final_url: https://www.dsmjudo.com/open-mats
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:19.987Z
---

## Open Mats

 ### What is an Open Mat?

 Open mats are an opportunity for self-directed training. During an open mat the gym is accessible to any member who wishes to train, with no instructor assigned to teach or oversee training. While instructors are present, members instead work on developing their own skills, focusing on areas of training they enjoy or feel would benefit from additional work, or free sparring.

 ### What are Open Mats used for?

 At Des Moines Judo Academy, we encourage students to attend open mats to work on skills and techniques they wish to improve or feel they need more effort to develop than other students. They’re a great chance to drill a move you didn’t quite get the hang of during a structured class, or to have another member help you with a technique or concept you’re having difficulty grasping. Alternatively, you can use the time and facilities to get in more sparring than structured class time would allow.

 ### If there’s no instructor, does that mean I’m on my own?

 While there is no assigned instructor, each Open Mat is hosted by a skilled member of our school. In addition to opening the school to let other members in and ensuring the facility is cleaned when training is over, this individual is competent to assist new students in drills and training exercises to help them make good use of the time.
 Additionally, at Des Moines Judo Academy we foster a cooperative learning environment where we encourage members to assist each other. Because of this, most members would be willing to help you at an Open Mat if you don’t know how to otherwise best use the time.

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL
 BOOK A FREE TRIAL
