---
source_url: http://dsmjudo.com/new-dropdown
final_url: https://www.dsmjudo.com/adult-judo
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:20.398Z
---

## Adult Judo

 ### What is Judo?

 Translated as “The Gentle Way,” Judo is a Japanese martial art that teaches throwing and grappling techniques, both standing and on the ground. Jigaro Kano refined Judo from his knowledge of traditional jujitsu, in 1882. Since then, it has spread around the world and grown in popularity, becoming an Olympic sport in 1964, and the second most popular sport in the world. Judo is practiced by many famous fighters, including Ronda Rousey, Kayla Harrison, and Vitor Belfort.

 ### Why Learn Judo?

 Most people are drawn to Judo for its dynamic and often visually stunning throwing techniques, which often overshadow the other elements of the discipline. Judoka (people who train in Judo) are also taught how to grapple with and overcome an opponent things transition to the ground, as well as how to fall and be thrown without injury.
 In addition to being a tested and practical means of self-defense, Judo is a challenging workout that offers numerous opportunities for competition and self-improvement. Judo skills develop coordination and confidence, and help develop strength and flexibility. Its also a great way to relieve stress.

 ### How are Classes Run at Des Moines Judo Academy?

 Each class begins with a warm-up to help prepare the body for physical activity, followed by practicing “ukemi” or breakfalls, the techniques that allow you to fall or be thrown without being hurt. After warm-up there is a period of instruction, where techniques are shown and then practiced by all students. Judo classes normally split the class between standing techniques and ground fighting. Classes end with “randori” or free sparring, a period where students develop their skills by competing against one another using competition rules

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL
 BOOK A FREE TRIAL
