---
source_url: https://www.thegracielab.com
final_url: https://www.thegracielab.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:36.009Z
---

# WHERE TRADITION MEETS INNOVATION Elevating lives through world-class Jiu-Jitsu training for all ages and skill levels. Discipline your mind. Strengthen your body. Push your limits.

 # WELCOME TO GRACIE LAB JIU-JITSU. At Gracie Lab Jiu-Jitsu, we honor the century-old legacy of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu while embracing modern training methods that enhance learning and performance. Founded by members of the Gracie Family—the pioneers who revolutionized martial arts worldwide—our academy stands as a testament to the lasting power of this transformative discipline.
 Book Free Trial

 ### Unlock Your Potential. ### Choose Your Path.
 #### Kids Program Whether you're looking to compete at a high level or just want a powerful way to stay active, our adult Jiu-Jitsu program welcomes all experience levels and demographics—including total beginners. We train in a structured, ego-free environment where students can build real skill, increase physical fitness, and develop mental toughness that carries into every area of life. Whether you're a weekend warrior, a professional looking to de-stress, or an athlete with goals to compete, you’ll find your place here — step on the mat and discover what you're capable of.
 Back
 Learn more

 #### Adults Program Whether you're looking to compete at a high level or just want a powerful way to stay active, our adult Jiu-Jitsu program welcomes all experience levels and demographics—including total beginners. We train in a structured, ego-free environment where students can build real skill, increase physical fitness, and develop mental toughness that carries into every area of life. Whether you're a weekend warrior, a professional looking to de-stress, or an athlete with goals to compete, you’ll find your place here — step on the mat and discover what you're capable of.
 Back
 Learn more

 #### Muay Thai Whether you're looking to compete at a high level or just want a powerful way to stay active, our adult Jiu-Jitsu program welcomes all experience levels and demographics—including total beginners. We train in a structured, ego-free environment where students can build real skill, increase physical fitness, and develop mental toughness that carries into every area of life. Whether you're a weekend warrior, a professional looking to de-stress, or an athlete with goals to compete, you’ll find your place here — step on the mat and discover what you're capable of.
 Back
 Learn more

 Explore the Adults Program

 # One Gracie Legacy. # Two Locations.
 Harrison, NY
 316 Halstead Ave, Harrison, NY 10528 Miami
 8425 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33138

 ## Harrison, NY Located at 316 Halstead Ave, Harrison NY 10528
 Go to Location Page

 ## Miami, FL Located at 8425 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL 33138
 Go to Location Page

 #### More Than a Fight, a Legacy.
 #### Quality Excellence in training, with attention to technical details and individual development.

 #### Tradition An authentic legacy of the Gracie family, passing on the true values of Jiu Jitsu.

 #### Fortitude Physical and mental resilience, preparing students for any challenge.

 # Quality Excellence in training, with attention to technical details and individual development.

 #### Tradition An authentic legacy of the Gracie family, passing on the true values of Jiu Jitsu.

 #### Fortitude Physical and mental resilience, preparing students for any challenge.

 Book Free Trial

 ##### Jiu-Jitsu Through the ##### Words of Legends. Powerful words from those who have felt the strength of Jiu-Jitsu.

 ##### Jocko Willink Author and Former Navy SEAL

 "Jiu-Jitsu is probably the No. 1 activity that I could recommend to someone to improve their lives overall".

 ##### Mark Zuckerberg Co-founder and CEO of Meta

 "There’s this intense focus and energy. You can’t think about anything else while you’re rolling. It’s both mental and physical".

 ##### Theodore Roosevelt US President (1901-1909)

 "The art of Jiu-Jitsu is worth more in every way than all of our athletics combined".

 ##### Anthony Bourdain Chef and Writer

 “And there it is, the ultimate proof that jiu-jitsu really is for everyone”.

 ##### Gisele Bündchen Supermodel

 "I feel stronger, more confident, and empowered since I started practicing self-defense".

 ##### Joe Rogan Stand-Up Comedian

 "Jiu-Jitsu has been one of the most valuable tools I’ve ever had in my life".
