---
source_url: https://www.atemi-ryufaync.com
final_url: https://www.atemi-ryufaync.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:18.193Z
---

# ATEMI-RYU JUJITSU
 ###### FAYETTEVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA ######

 ## Traditional Martial Arts For The Modern Warrior

 Kids

 General Repairs,
 Specialist Repairs
 & Vintage Parts

 # CLASSES
 # Adults
 A Range of Fabrics, Including Vintage Leathers, & Wide Variety of Colors

 # Private Lessons
 Spray paint, Custom Stencilling & Variety of Custom Made Artwork

 # Classes
 ## CLASSES
 ## Kids
 JuJitsu for Kids system is based on a lifetime learning concept in addition to technical skills. Our basic building blocks for the Jujitsu for Kids system are monthly themes, including the following: Courtesy, Respect, Confidence, Honesty, Perseverance, Self-Discipline.

 ## Adults
 This training system is effective for adults, no matter what the fitness level or age. It teaches the basic fundamentals of self-defense while providing a strong cardiovascular workout. The high level of personal challenge also aids in relieving stress and tension.

 ## Private Lessons
 ## Programs
 While we offer a high degree of individualized attention in the group classes, some people find it quite beneficial to schedule private lessons. Whether it is for extra work on class curriculum, or to design a specific program that is right for you, private lessons are available.

 We offer several specialized programs such as, Chendokan Aikido, Atemi Arnis, Women's Kickboxing, and more.

 ## ABOUT US
 At Atemi-Ryu Ju-Jitsu, we provide Japanese Ju-Jitsu based, self-defense training to men, women and kids from all walks of life.

 If you want to learn how to avoid threatening situations and defend yourself against a wide variety of armed and unarmed attacks, come train with us. No prior experience is required. Individuals of all sizes and ages train here, so can you!
 ​
 Our kids classes are designed to help our younger students develop situational awareness and learn the fundamentals of self-protection.

 # Follow Us On Instagram!
 -

 #### @atemi_ryu_nc

 ## FIND US
 514 McArthur Rd,
 Fayetteville, NC 28311
 atemiryufaync@gmail.com

 Tel: 910 824 1417

 OPENING HOURS:
 Mon - Wed 5:30pm - 7:00 pm
 ​​Saturday: CLOSED
 ​Sunday: CLOSED

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 CONTACT
