---
source_url: http://rushmixedmartialarts.com/programs
final_url: https://rushmixedmartialarts.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:46.239Z
---

## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSUTeam Joe Moreira Certified Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt, 1st Degree - Professor Chris Leonardo
 ​
 "Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or BJJ is a martial art based on grappling and ground fighting, focusing on the skill of controlling an opponent through techniques that force him or her to submit. It prides itself in being known as the “gentle art,” allowing a smaller, weaker person to use leverage and submissions (chokes, locks) to defend himself against a bigger opponent. With origins in Judo (Newaza) and Japanese Jujutsu, it has since been adapted and modified by Carlos Gracie and his family to become the martial art it is today.
 ​
 “The popularity of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) has been on a steady rise over the years thanks to the growing audience of MMA . Typical Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu jargon such as “ rear naked choke ”, “ armbar ” and “guard” have become common vocabulary even among non-practitioners." - Evolve Daily
 9 Reasons Why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Is The Perfect Martial Art

 ## Muay Thai If you are like many others who have made the decision to train in martial arts, then you have taken the first step to unlocking your true potential. But what martial art should you choose to practice? There are many disciplines to choose from, each with their own unique characteristics.
 “Among these martial arts is Muay Thai . Muay Thai originated from Thailand and is practiced all over the world. It is often referred to as the ‘Art of Eight Limbs’ because it utilizes fists, elbows, legs, and knees, making any full-contact fighter very efficient. It is also one of the most significant and widely used bases in mixed martial arts ."- Evolve Daily
 ​
 Evolve Daily shares 5 ways Muay Thai improves your everyday life

 ## Sil Jun Do® #### Tactical Self Defense Sil Jun Do® is only taught to individuals, small groups and families seeking the highest level of defensive training.
 Sil Jun Do®, literally translated, means "The Real Way." It is a trademarked, technically-enhanced tactical system of self defense that is practical, streamlined, effective, proven and street-tested. To put it simply, it is “the real way.”
 Students learn and practice easy to perform movements and techniques from far, middle and close range to defend against hostile or aggressive actions in virtually any situation. The training incorporates techniques in a way that utilizes each students natural body type.
 The system also offers comprehensive and well thought out knife, gun, and stick disarms as well as justified force techniques.
 The training is practical and focuses on getting fit while developing personal and situational awareness. The flexible structure allows students to eventually modify the techniques to suit their own needs and abilities. ​
 Sil Jun Do® is a trade-marked tactical system of self defense. Rush Mixed Martial Arts and Sand and Soul Wellness are the ONLY schools or academies where you can learn Sil Jun Do®. Certified instructors, permissions for use, and affiliated academies authorized to teach Sil Jun Do® are granted only by Master Instructor Richard Raciti.

 ### MMA - Mixed Martial Arts Traditional gym workouts tend to get boring over time. You might find yourself performing the same exercises over and over again until you lose all motivation to go work out. ​
 Things are entirely different when you sign up for MMA classes. Boredom is never a factor since no two classes are ever the same. The techniques, warmups, and drills you perform during each class are unique, and you never know what to expect heading into each session. If anything, you’re more likely to find yourself looking forward to your next training session.
 ​”A fitness routine is only effective if you can stick to it for a while. MMA training gives you a fun hobby that just happens to give you lots of physical benefits . You might walk into the gym with your fitness goals in mind, but improving as a mixed martial artist will eventually become your new goal.” - Evolve Daily
 ​ Evolve Daily shares 6 Reasons Why An MMA Training Session Is Better Than A Gym Workout
