---
source_url: http://rushmixedmartialarts.com
final_url: https://rushmixedmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:46.391Z
---

## YOUR STATE OF THE ART #### Mixed Martial Arts & Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 Click for free trial
 Click for free trial

 ### "To offer superlative instruction in real world martial arts, support growth of the indomitable spirit in all our students, and be stewards and leaders in the communities we serve."

 Our Philosophy

 Whether you are interested in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai Kickboxing, Sil Jun Do Tactical Self Defense, or Mixed Martial Arts; our Programs and Private Lessons offer an engaging experience for kids, teens, and adults. It's never too early or too late to begin learning the skills essential for "real world" self-defense.
 At the core of our programs is the philosophy that an effective martial art is one that is simple, efficient, and practical.
 We are not concerned with what was, but with what works. We don’t spend time on ineffective techniques, or martial arts pageantry like board breaking or forms. We are concerned with giving our students the best training available because we know that a false sense of confidence will betray you in a time of need.
 ​Our staff sets the standard for cutting edge practices by regularly attending clinics, seminars, and competitions. Instructors study, train, and spar on a daily basis. If we find a better training method or approach, we adapt to make it part of our regiment. Our flexible attitude and willingness to change makes us unique among other academies.

 We are a Proud Affiliate Location of:
 Team Joe Moreira - We Defy Foundation - Adopt a Cop BJJ
 Click on a logo to learn more

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Sil Jun Do Tactical Self Defense is taught at our affiliate location, Sand and Soul Wellness in Sebastian, FL.
 Click a logo below to learn more

 #### IS OUR ACADEMY RIGHT FOR YOU?

 WE WILL BE GREAT FOR YOU IF:
 - You’re a beginner, an expert, or somewhere in-between
 - You’re any age, gender, or level of fitness - You’re willing to work hard but have fun doing it - You have a friendly and collaborative spirit - You like to meet people with different interests (even if you’re shy) - You like to laugh - You’re able to leave your ego at the door - You’re open to learning - You value feeling like part of a team and a community

 IT MIGHT NOT BE THE RIGHT PLACE FOR YOU IF:
 - You’re here just to get your aggression out
 - You’re not interested in learning more about yourself - You don’t play well with others - You’re not interested in being part of something bigger than yourself - You’re not willing to bring your full self to the mat - You don’t have time to devote at least two hours a week

 ### WE ARE PROUD OF THE VALUES THAT WE SHARE They help our students stay consistent and disciplined not only on the mats, but also have a positive impact on their lives.

 #### BE CONSISTENT #### HAVE FUN #### LEARN, GROW, & IMPROVE #### BE RESPECTFUL & HUMBLE #### BE GRATEFUL

 ### READY TO GIVE IT A TRY? #### SCHEDULE A FREE TRIAL! Take a free introductory class at RUSH MIXED MARTIAL ARTS. You’ll have the opportunity to meet our instructors, get familiar with our programs and get direct answers to all of your questions.

 Try now
 Try now

 ### WHAT OUR RUSH FAMILY THINKS

 - Rupa Mohan Professor Leonardo is patient, kind and his easy going way made starting a martial art in my 40s so much less daunting. I’ve grown so much. Professor Leonardo’s careful and practical methodology has helped me master critical moves that are just right for my strength. I look forward to continued growth and starting my daughter in his kid’s class soon! - Christopher Kessler Coming from a background of knowing no martial arts, I began training at Rush MMA in BJJ several years ago, and I can honestly say it has been the best experience of my life. Professor Leonardo and Professor Raciti's knowledge and expertise on Martial Arts and self defense, is extraordinary. I have also learned Sil Jun Do, which is an excellent Self Defense system. If you are looking for a great martial arts experience, check out Rush MMA. - Christine Fitzgerald I love going to watch my grandkids in Rush kids classes. Chris and his helper have so much patience with the kids and he wears them out. They love the activity course or game at the end of class the most. - Kimberly Sidney My daughter started right after covid when she was 14 and new to the area. It really helped her find a great group of friends who’ve been a positive influence on each other. I’m one proud mom to say she’s won gold at 2/3 of her Good Fight competitions. She loves going to Rush. Professor Leonardo, Professor Avellino, and the community there have been a positive influence and a great motivator these last 2 years. - Jared Ferruggia I have been training at “Rush Mixed Martial Arts” for over 2.5 years at this point and I can not say enough good things. The environment, the facility, and the coaches are all top notch. Professor Leonardo has built a great culture within his multiple schools and has earned a ton of respect within the law enforcement and local communities. Whether this path is for your kids or yourself, I can unequivocally say, DO NOT be afraid to embark on this journey. - Patrick Strafaci I am currently a Police Officer in Morris County New Jersey. Upon coming back to work from an on duty injury, I was unsure if I would be able to train in defensive tactics due to my injury. I found Chris Leonardo at Rush MMA, who ultimately introduced me to the Sul Jun Do Tactical Self Defense system. This system is quite dynamic, and diverse. It utilizes real world fighting applications such as striking, take downs, and compliance which is paramount in my line of work.

 Click here to see more!
 Click here to see more!

 ### MORRISTOWN, NJ 173 Washington Street
 Morristown, NJ, 07960
 United States
 (Turn on Knox. Main entrance in the rear of the building)

 ### BERNARDSVILLE, NJ 1 Mine Brook Road
 Bernardsville, NJ, 07924
 United States

 #### 908-566-7099
