---
source_url: https://10thplanetgreenville.com/classes
final_url: https://www.10thplanetgreenville.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:24.916Z
---

# classes

 #### 10th planet fundamentals

 - Description Students are taught the fundamentals of the 10th Planet System as well as the basics of wrestling. Students learn techniques by drilling them with a partner. - Equipment Rash GuardShorts / SpatsWaterMouth Guard (recommended)

 #### Mixed Level Jiu-Jitsu

 - Description Mixed level class builds upon what was taught in Fundamentals and explores more advanced variations. Students then train to use techniques in situational sparring rounds. After class the mats are open to free roll. - Equipment Rash GuardShorts / SpatsWaterMouth Guard (recommended)

 #### Jiu-Jitsu Competition Class

 - Description Students are given specialized instruction on technique and strategy. Advanced training methods such as wrestling rounds, EBI overtime rounds, and shark tanks are used to build students conditioning and prepare them for competition. - Equipment Rash GuardShorts / SpatsWaterMouth Guard (recommended)

 #### 10th planet Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 - Description Kids ages 5-12 are taught the basic techniques of Jiu-Jitsu and drill them with a partner. Games are played to teach teamwork, sportsmanship, and to build martial arts skills. - Equipment Athletic ClothesWater

 #### Striking Fundamentals

 - Description In Striking Fundamentals students learn the basics of kick boxing through mitt work and drills. - Equipment Boxing GlovesShin PadsAthletic ClothesWaterMouth Guard

 #### MMA - Invite Only

 - Description MMA sessions are where active and prospective fighters train for their upcoming bouts through sparring and conditioning drills. A strong understanding of striking fundamentals is required to attend. - Equipment Boxing / MMA GlovesShin PadsAthletic ClothesWaterMouth Guard

 ## Schedule your free trial Take the first step in your journey by signing up for a free trial! Fill out the form and we’ll be in touch shortly.
