---
source_url: https://10thplanetgreenville.com
final_url: https://www.10thplanetgreenville.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:25.323Z
---

# nogi. all day.
 # worldwide

 FREE TRIAL
 FREE TRIAL

 LEARN MORE
 LEARN MORE

 ## mastering the system 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu is a systematic approach to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu developed by Eddie Bravo, a black belt under Jean-Jacques Machado. It is known for its innovative and unorthodox techniques, as well as its focus on training without the use of the traditional gi (uniform). Since 2003 the 10th Planet Network has grown to over 100 schools worldwide. Making 10th Planet one of the top competing teams in the sport of Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## What you’ll learn Our coaches combine the dynamic techniques of 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu with their diverse knowledge of wrestling and MMA. Students will learn a well rounded style of nogi grappling that is highly effective in both competition and self-defense.

 Go to Schedule ➡

 ## Train with champions Manny Vazquez is the head coach and owner of 10th Planet Greenville. He is the first black belt under Omar Ocasio of 10th Planet Lombard. Manny is a professional MMA fighter competing in the UFC, Bellator, and is the former LFC Bantamweight Champion. He regularly competes in high level Jiu-Jitsu promotions including Combat Jiu-Jitsu Worlds, Enigma, Highrollerz, and Midwest Finishers.

 Go to Bio ➡

 ## Competition focus With many of our coaches and students actively competing, you’ll have plenty of opportunities to test your skills alongside experienced teammates. Several times a year we host Southeast Scramble, our home tournament aimed at providing a platform for rising talent in the sport.

 Go to Southeast Scramble ➡

 What people are saying

 - ★★★★★ “If you want extremely technical Jiu-Jitsu, for either MMA, grappling competitions, or self-defense, this is 100% the gym for you. Great coaches, friendly environment, and extremely clean premises.-Brendan D - ★★★★★ “Manny and his squad are running a top tier operation. The technique is on point and the vibes are immaculate. If you are in the area you owe it to yourself to drop in and check this spot out. You won’t regret it!”-Conor H - ★★★★★ “Manny and Sergio are some of the most knowledgeable coaches I’ve ever met. The atmosphere in this gym is amazing; the coaches will always answer your questions and break down the skills that they’re teaching in class until you have it down. The gym is clean and the members are so welcoming. Check out the gym, you won’t regret it!”-Brittany D - ★★★★★ Awesome place with awesome people! Very welcoming and clean environment. Extremely knowledgeable staff. Best Jiu-Jitsu in Greenville and the surrounding area. Cant go wrong!-Brandon B - ★★★★★ “Hands down some of the best instruction you will ever get! Manny is able to break down technique and explain it so even the most novice grappler will understand. Plus, the people are fantastic! Could not recommend more highly!”-Grant R

 ## Law enforcement Certified Head Coach Manny Vazquez is a former police officer and ambassador for Invictus, EFC, and Adopt a Cop, organizations dedicated to the training of law enforcement in life saving grappling techniques. 10th Planet Greenville is the only Invictus Certified academy in SC and we are proud to offer first responder and military discounts.

 # FREE TRIAL
 # class

 SIGN UP NOW
 SIGN UP NOW
