---
source_url: https://hamiltonsbjj.com
final_url: https://hamiltonsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:22.855Z
---

Skip to content ##### Learn the art

 ## Hamiltons Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 What’s the first reason you should learn Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the most efficient form of self defense. Although most altercations can be avoided some can not and you must be prepared to protect yourself and the ones you care about.

 Schedule A Class

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can give you the confidence to handle high stress situations.
 Learn More

 ## No-GI Jiu-Jitsu Dominate the stand up and leg lock game.
 Learn More

 ## Become a Champion Fulfil your ultimate potential and win in competition.
 Learn More

 "Head Instructor/Owner - Patrick Hamilton and Professor Fabio Novaes"

 #### About Us

 #### Hamiltons Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Patrick Hamilton has been practicing Brazilain Jiu-Jitsu for over 10 years and is a black belt under Fabio Novaes, a Nogi World Champion and 2 time Pan American Champion. Fabios Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lineage can be traced directly back to the legendary Carlson Gracie gym in Copacabana, Brazil.
 Learn More

 "Head Instructor/Owner - Patrick Hamilton and Professor Fabio Novaes"

 See Our Schedule

 ## Classes

 #### benefits for kids

 - Why should your kids train Brazlian Jiu-Jitsu? Bullying, especially cyber bullying has become an issue for kids of all ages. Self defense skills such as BJJ can not only protect children in physical altercations but give them the tools and confidence to avoid them when possible. - In a perfect world our children would never have to defend themselves, having the skills to do so if necessary will benefit them greatly. - Joining a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym is joining a community of people who are all striving for a like minded goal. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is different from traditional sports and requires communication and cooperation between teammates which is a great way to build social skills. - Exposing children to obstacles they can overcome while spending time with other children their age is important for overall health and social abilties. - Children training in Brazilain Jiu-Jitsu will oftentimes be put into leadership positions so they can build confidence and learn to lead and help others in need.

 schedule a free class

 ## Pricing

 #### All plans include a $125 registration fee and a $4 card transaction fee with a 30 day cancellation policy.

 Pay Your Regisration

 ### 1 Day per week 1 Student
 $ 115 Month

 - Increase Confidence - Get in shape - Improve Well Being
 Sign Up

 ### Legacy pricing 1 Student
 $ 140 Month

 - Increase Confidence - Get in shape - Improve Well Being
 Sign Up

 SPECIAL

 ### 2 Day per week 1 Student
 $ 130 Month

 - Increase Confidence - Get in shape - Improve Well Being
 Sign Up

 ### Kids Training 1 Day A Week
 $ 100 00 Month

 - Increase Confidence - Get in shape - Improve Well Being
 Sign Up

 ### Kids Training Twice A Week
 $ 115 00 Month

 - Increase Confidence - Get in shape - Improve Well Being
 Sign Up

 ### Military and Law Enforcement
 $ 100 Month

 - Increase Confidence - Get in shape - Improve Well Being
 Sign Up

 #### *all non-members are subject to a $10 drop in fee

 #### Proudly sponsored by

 SHOP NOW

 ## Testimonials

 #### SEE WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING

 Hamiltons is a great choice for jujitsu or even learning self defense I highly recommend, I just started and was feeling a little nervous going to my first class everyone was very welcoming and made me feel comfortable! Pat is awesome at explaining and teaching new things, everyone should definitely give this place a try!!

 Haleigh Nielson Facebook

 Patrick is an excellent coach and teacher. As a law enforcement officer I approached BJJ as a way to better myself professionally and humble myself personally. Patrick is no doubt accomplished in the sport of BJJ, however his approach to practical application and the ability to meet the goals of his students goes well beyond points and advantage. Patrick has humbled me, encouraged me, and taught me and many of my peers skills to save their lives. I’ve had the opportunity to observe Patrick teach and interact with all ages and skill levels. I trust him without reservation to teach and coach my family, peers, and friends.

 Sgt. Travis Miller Lakeland PD

 I have traveled the country the past 4 years and trained in many gyms, I can honestly say Pat’s passion for the sport and care for his student’s growth is something you can’t find in most gyms. Most students here have 2 or less years of training, and Pat has supercharged their skill set and has given them the tools to develop a well-rounded jiu jitsu game that usually takes 4-5 years to build. If you are in the surrounding area and want to fast track your skills, change your body and mindset on the mats and in life, this is the place to go.

 Facebook

 Pat does an awesome job creating a safe, welcoming environment with the most options for class times in the area. This, along with his extensive competition background was the reasoning I chose this gym and I’m glad I did. You can tell Pat pours his heart into teaching he really wants you to succeed and after the first week (which is free) you go from being nervous to making new friends. Highly recommend checking it out.

 Tj Newsom Facebook

 During my private lesson with Patrick he was able to explain the foundation of any move he taught. He was able to break down each step so I had no problem whatsoever learning the move and adding it to my toolbox for later use.

 Kelly Wells Facebook

 Pat and I have been teammates,training partners and friends for a long time. We have “grown up” on the mats together. I have seen him accomplish his goals over and over again in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. His work ethic is admirable and helps drive our team at Fabio Novaes. He is dedicated to this lifestyle and his track record shows it. He is a multiple time gold medalist and a World Champion. He has a lot of knowledge in the game and is constantly striving to get better and learn more. I am looking forward to training with him on the North side.

 John Ebanks Facebook

 I highly recommend if you are looking for your kids to learn a new skill and make friends! Our son has been going twice a week and loves it!! He is learning new skills and gaining more confidence with each class. The instructor is amazing and awesome with the kids!!

 Anne Gamino GOOGLE

 Coach pat is great with the kids. Very upbeat and makes it fun for them. My son doesn’t stop asking about going to class!

 Tiffany Storch GOOGLE

 Highly recommended!! I have always been on the shy/reserved side. I hesitated for a while to attend my first class. I finally made the leap. I am in the very beginning of my journey having only trained for two months now and I am hooked. Pat is a great instructor with a great attitude. Everyone in the class has been great and very welcoming. More importantly it has been great for my mental health and focus. I am very thankful I made the decision to join and extremely happy with Hamiltons BJJ!! Looking forward to the years to come!!

 FREDDY DUNN GOOGLE

 20241207 143551 20241207 143658(0) IMG 20241207 152435 147 403612347 624485283035642 8651924154399218744 n 403603283 703239851786278 2486325079825010093 n 20230819 1747370 scaled 20230822 173358 scaled 20230819 170626 scaled 20230720 201508 scaled 20230403 204014 20230329 125928 scaled 20230412 130050 scaled 357935771 565283325573166 5171434744362228718 n 358468035 1395916730954539 4065708331532297081 n 358493944 959946251966677 3818903231148613722 n 95df2025 e517 4e7d b483 dafbb7226ffc 350aa463 8666 47f8 8b95 d3040023919f c9e1b3f6 e827 417d 861f 64ae81bb56a2 8cd76390 7e37 4739 842a b8d75b40ea23 339a3cf2 4362 41d2 b0c2 33f410ab324a 17cbce00 a259 4081 a53b 93671a7677d8

 #### Jitzking Team champions

 #### Contact

 Contact us to ask any question or sign up for a free lesson.

 naame
 phone
 email
 Message
 Sign up for free training

 - 4940 US Hwy 98 N, Lakeland, FL 33809 - (863) 701-6633 - hamiltonsbjj863@yahoo.com
