---
source_url: http://bestmuaythaiaz.com
final_url: https://sunshinesgym.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:20.173Z
---

###### 🥊 Sunshine's Boxing, Muay Thai & Fitness for All Ages! ☀️ SE HABLA ESPAÑOL ☀️ CALL NOW 602-330 -1537 📞

 ######

 ## TRAIN MUAY THAI WITH THE BEST ##### TEMPE BOXING, MUAY THAI, AND FITNESS

 TRIAL CLASS

 ###### KID’S MUAY THAI

 LEARN MORE

 ###### TEEN’S MUAY THAI

 LEARN MORE # SEE CLASS SCHEDULE

 ###### ADULT MUAY THAI

 LEARN MORE

 # ARIZONA’S TOP MUAY THAI/BOXING CAMP

 ##### Woman owned and operated by former three-time world welterweight Boxing Champion, Sunshine Fettkether. All of our instructors have ring experience. ##### Offering group classes and private lessons with class times to accommodate busy schedules.

 MORE ABOUT US

 Great place for beginners & advanced Muay Thai students. Sunshine has the knowledge & energy to push you through your workouts. I recommend anyone who is interested in martial arts to start at Sunshine gym.
 #### Moi Facebook

 Great community of people! Pair that with excellent coaches and you have a great place to workout or train for fights!
 #### Jared Thomas Facebook

 Sunshine is an incredible boxing trainer and coach. I have been training with her since 2014. I never thought working so hard and staying in shape could be so fun and enjoyable. Everyone is welcomed here, regardless of age, background, or abilities. The skills, training, and development you receive from your experience here are unmatched!
 #### Ashley Zimmerman Google Reviews

 ###### A FEW WORDS FROM

 ## SUNSHINE FETTKETHER

 I’m Sunshine Fettkether, Owner here at Sunshine’s Boxing, Muay Thai & Fitness .
 As a martial arts instructor with extensive experience training, there is nothing better than seeing them grow firsthand.
 Because martial arts is so much more than just kicking and punching, and getting the next colorful belt.
 With every class we teach, your kids are growing in mind , body, and character .
 That’s because martial arts provides instant positive feedback. Through learning to focus on the core moves, they develop discipline and respect. They can instantly see and feel a difference, making them destined to build confidence, self-awareness, and self-respect.
 And of course, it’s a ton of FUN!
 That’s why I love teaching martial arts to kids in this community, and why I know you and your kids are going to LOVE training.
 Thanks!

 ## JOIN THE SUNSHINE FAMILY

 TRIAL CLASS

 ###### ☀️ CONNECT WITH US ☀️

 2023 © – Sunshine’s Gym – Privacy Policy

 TRIAL CLASSES AVAILABLE!
 CLICK HERE TO SCHEDULE

 ×
