---
source_url: http://alliancehuntsville.com
final_url: https://alliancehuntsville.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:01.017Z
---

- SCHEDULE - CONTACT US - PROGRAMS - ABOUT US

 # ALLIANCE JIU JITSU | Huntsville

 INCREASE YOUR CONFIDENCE AND STRENGTH TO FACE THE CHALLENGES OF LIFE

 BOOK A FREE INTRO LESSON!

 FOR ADULTS ONLY- For kids inquiries, please contact us.

 # WELCOME!

 Alliance is a premier Huntsville Jiu Jitsu School. In our top-of-line facility, we make it a priority to help you exceed your fitness goals. We offer more than martial arts; Our classes teach confidence, positivity, discipline, build community and develop long-lasting friendships. We are known as the most welcoming Martial Arts school in Huntsville and we are a proud 13x World Champion Jiu-Jitsu Team.

 # PROGRAMS

 If you're looking to change your life, look no further. At Alliance Jiu Jitsu Huntsville, we provide high-quality Jiu Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location and lessons on and off the mat that last a lifetime.

 LEARN MORE

 # ABOUT US / CONTACT US

 At Alliance Jiu Jitsu Huntsville, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 LEARN MORE

 # SCHEDULE

 Here at Alliance Jiu Jitsu Huntsville, your success is our first priority. Whether it's a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or a special event that will help your child come out of their shell, we've got you covered!

 LEARN MORE

 ## FACILITY

 With our brand new facility and top-notch equipment, students are set up for success.

 ## CONFIDENCE

 Our Jiu-Jitsu classes will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ## COMMUNITY

 Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, and dedicated students, you’ll sense our community the moment you walk through the doors.

 ## SELF-DEFENSE

 Jiu Jitsu is one of the best forms of self-defense training. Come see what the hype is about!

 ## FITNESS

 If the treadmill is getting old, martial arts is the perfect way to spice up your workout routine.

 ## INSTRUCTORS

 We carefully select our staff, providing students with a team of highly-trained instructors and mentors.

 BOOK FREE TRIAL

 FOR ADULTS ONLY

 # WHAT OUR Students SAY

 CONTACT US

 © Copyright 2022. Company Name. All rights reserved.
