---
source_url: https://www.arisebjj.com
final_url: https://www.arisebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.844Z
---

# ARISE MARTIAL ARTS - Home - Programs Little Kids Kids Teens Adults Competition Team - Team - Schedule - Photos/Video - Free Trial - Contact - Blog

 - Home - Programs Little Kids Kids Teens Adults Competition Team - Team - Schedule - Photos/Video - Free Trial - Contact - Blog

 ## Where Students are The Priority​ ​​ARise Martial Artscreated out of a strong passion and ceaseless commitment | ​​led by ​masters world championProfessor Daniel "Diesel" Fundora2nd degree ibjjf certified black belt

 Call Now
 Join Now

 Our Mission ​​Arise Jiu Jitsu was founded July 2018, in Miami, FL. It was created out of a strong passion and ceaseless commitment to making learning easy and accessible. Our mission is to provide quality, high level training to our students of all ages and levels. We believe in teaching not only the sport aspect of jiu jitsu, but self defense as well. Teaching is a way of life, we strive to develop good moral character and respect to one another, which is a founding virtue of the bushido code.We are a family owned and operated business. Our team hopes to have the opportunity of helping countless students acquire foundational skills, develop confident minds and aide in moving forward in their jiu jitsu journey, not just as a team, but a family. We offer exceptional customer service and instruction that sets our academy apart and a staple in the martial arts industry. You'll find our facility well kept, clean, and welcoming. Our team looks forward to having your company and assisting you in any way possible for an unforgettable experience.Our Academy starts children jiu jitsu programs at the age of 3 years old all the way to adults. Please call us at 305-781-7949 for availability is our programs. Arise Martial Arts is an IBJJF Certified school and Professor Diesel is a 2nd Degree IBJJF Certified Black Belt. Learn More | " Thank you @arisejiujitsu ! My son loves going to class to train with Professor Danny, along with his family and new friends! "

 Register Now

 YouTube Channel

 | |

 register now for your free class! | Register Now Call Now | Register Now | Call Now

 ## Our Programs Kids Program ​​Our kids program main focus is to development good character, all while teaching them physical... Learn More | Teens Program Our Teens program is designed to build a strong foundation and improve students coordination... Learn More | adults Program Our adults program is designed and based around core techniques that every Jiu Jitsu practitioner should... Learn More

 ## ​​OUR SCHOOLS MEDIA FEATURES Arise Martial Arts is extremely involved in evolving the sport of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
 ​Check out some of our appearances in brodcasted competition and training seminars.
 ## May 4th 2026 Sign me up!
 ## law enforcement seminar ​January 14, 2023
 Arise and GEM Solutions came together to collaborate this ground control seminar. Highlighting escapes, control techniques, take downs and strategic offensive maneuvers.

 ## CLARK GRACIE SEMINAR January 23, 2021
 Our first hosted seminar with the legendary Clark Gracie. It was a privilege learning his signature move, the technical omoplatta.

 |

 ## MONUMENT JIU JITSU SEMINAR December 1, 2018
 ​ Professor Danny held a Seminar in Monument, Colorado at an affiliated school Academy Martial Arts. ​​

 |

 Have Any Questions or Queries? | Contact Us

 ​We Would Love to Have You Visit Soon! |

 Hours M-F: 8:30am - 9pm | Telephone 305-781-7949 | Email [email protected]

 ​© Arise Martial Arts. 2019, All Rights Reserved.
