---
source_url: http://www.connectionriobjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://connectionriobjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:58.986Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bend and Redmond ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Connection Rio Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Experience the Best Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bend and Redmond Connection Rio BJJ is Bend and Redmond's premier BJJ gym offering the most elite BJJ throughout the area. With over 30 years of experience from Professor Asche (12 of those spent right in the heart of BJJ, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) and over 75 years combined among our instructors; we are proud to offer world class instruction to adults and children throughout Bend, Redmond and all of Central Oregon
 Our BJJ program includes both Gi and No-Gi training taught in a way that is easily translated between the two varied styles of BJJ providing skills for a well rounded ground game functional in a variety of situations. Join us today for world class instruction already taught to thousands around the world by Professor Dennis Asche himself at the rank of black belt since 2009 and see first hand why we are Bend's elite BJJ and martial arts gym!
 Fill out the short form on your screen now!
 Get more information now!
 ### Experience the Best Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bend and Redmond At Connection Rio BJJ, it doesn’t matter how much experience you have, our programs are designed for everyone. From brand new practitioners who have never trained martial arts to the more experienced grapplers looking to level up their game. Each class is programmed in a progressive teaching method by Professor Asche well in advance that maximizes your learning and muscle memory retention making your BJJ proficient and effective.
 You will be training in a safe, fun, and controlled environment simulating real life self defense scenarios in different types of positions. You will not learn a choreographed series or fancy moves that will only apply to a non resisting partner. Everything we teach from warm ups to techniques to live sparring is all BJJ related and applicable in a real world scenario setting. From day one, you’ll enjoy hands on instruction that is scalable to meet the needs of all skill levels, ages, body types, and fitness levels. Every lesson, including our kid’s classes are programmed and overseen by Professor Asche himself and modified accordingly for individual students.
 ##### Our BJJ classes in Bend and Redmond offer: - Professional, world class instruction in a safe, fun, controlled and supportive environment - Effective real life self defense skills - Goal setting and game planning with consistent feedback - Total body fitness training including fat burning, lean muscle gains, improved flexibility, and cardio - Motivation, accountability, encouragement, and support - The path to a healthier lifestyle with successful habits that extend into everyday life both on and off the mat. - At Connection Rio you are more than just a member, we are a family
 ### Find The BJJ Class That Works Best For You Every single person who walks through our doors has a different goal in mind. At Connection Rio BJJ Bend and Redmond we’re working hard to make them all a reality. That’s why we offer multiple Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes – each with a distinct focus and skill set.
 Join us at Connection Rio BJJ Bend for:
 #### All Levels Gi BJJ This class is ideal for all skill levels, body types, and adult ages. All Levels consists of warm ups utilizing fundamental drills and entries, technique drilling, and sparring. Professor Asche modifies certain techniques and drills based off the individual needs of the practitioners. Technical portions are programmed for continual progression and best possible retention of material. Our proven teaching method allows for more proficient construction of a more complete understanding of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, functional in a variety of situations.

 #### No-Gi BJJ Our No-Gi classes are structured in the same progressive teaching method as described in our All Levels Gi BJJ classes. Both classes follow the same curriculum where the grips and techniques easily translate between these two BJJ styles preparing our practitioners for a well rounded ground game no matter what type of setting.

 #### Fundamentals BJJ Our Fundamentals BJJ classes are a low intensity class focusing strictly on the fundamentals of BJJ. This class is ideal for beginners who are brand new to the sport and the more advanced who are looking to refine and improve their technique. Our Fundamentals class consists of warm ups utilizing basic motor skills and partner drills of fundamentals, the building blocks of BJJ. This is the foundation on which our jiu jitsu is built upon.

 #### Competition BJJ Our competition BJJ is ideal for those individuals seeking athletic competition with individuals of the same age and skill set. Our team will create a game plan to help prepare our students both mentally and physically based on their goals. Whether it be submission only tournaments or an IBJJF competition, we have the tools, training, and support you need.

 ## Open Mat BJJ Open Mat is for our academy members only, ages 18 and above. This is a non-structured class where students can attend to work on specific drills, techniques, or live rolling rounds to any of the martial arts classes offered at Connection Rio.

 #### Private Lessons Private lessons are a proven way to quickly improve your skills. 100% of the focus is on the individual’s needs in improving existing or building entirely new skill sets. Private lessons are proven to be a learning method that provides gains at a rate of 7-15 times faster than in a group setting. We offer private/semi-private lessons in individual sessions or prepaid packages.

 ## BJJ Over 40 Our program is designed for all ages, body types and fitness levels. We have several practitioners over the age of 40 with some practitioners over the age of 70 years young. You are never “too old” to begin or continue to train this martial art. Our system is designed to modify and techniques that need to be modified and sparring is never a requirement in any class. This is your martial arts journey. You set your own pace and we will help guide you to success on being on the best you!

 ### Don't Miss Out On Bend and Redmond's Best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu If you’re looking for an incredible environment with high-level instruction, you’ve come to the right place. At Connection Rio BJJ Bend and Redmond, we’re helping people of all walks of life and skill levels thrive. Join us on the mat today and experience elite world class instruction that has been taught to thousands around the world by Professor Dennis Asche himself since earning his black belt in 2009. Schedule your free trial class today!
 Unleash Your Greatest Potential At Connection Rio BJJ In Bend and Redmond! Just fill out the short form below!

 Get more information now!

 ## Unleash Your Greatest Potential at Connection Rio BJJ! Request information

 I've trained at MANY BJJ gyms here in Oregon, and Connection Rio is the real deal. Professor Dennis Asche has an unparalleled level of knowledge and depth of expertise, giving him the ability to meet each and every practitioner where they're at with their game, and help to develop their own preferred toolbox of BJJ techniques. His attention to detail and patience while instructing allows his students to understand the 'how' and 'why' of every move they learn, providing a wonderful space to try new things with the support needed to truly advance in this martial art. The atmosphere at CRA is very welcoming to all experience levels, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone interested in trying something new, or reaching new levels in a sport they're already familiar with. This truly is an environment for growth and I'm grateful to be a part of it. Osss!

 Having trained in gyms all over the world for many years, Dennis's classes always stick out in my mind as the most beneficial, enjoyable and relevant to modern jiu jitsu. I still carry with me to this day the unique methods and techniques Dennis taught me and I have been able to apply these practically in many situations. Dennis's classes were comprehensible to the newest beginner and the most seasoned of veteran practitioners, I can't say enough good things about Dennis as a coach, teacher, leader and mentor.

 This is THE place to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bend, Oregon. Somehow, black belt Dennis Asche has hit all the sweet spots with his gym: great work ethic, friendly atmosphere, absolutely killer workouts, and loads of fun the whole time. With every kind of training partner you could want, the gym doesn't seem dominated by one "clique" or student type.... 20 something young guys, hard A.F. middle-aged power lifters, short and light guys and gals who will tie you in knots faster than you can blink, kids classes, people over 50, women only class... there's something for everyone. And everyone is just so nice here, not a jerk in the entire group, they're all more than happy to go easy on you if you just ask. But at the same time, anyone that goes here for any length of time seems to be hard as nails, physically and technique wise. You can feel it when you roll with them, even the mid tier white belts. Go here for 6 months and your body will start to feel like it's carved out of wood. Prof. Asche somehow gets everyone to turn it up to "eleven" with his training routine and leadership. Other highlights: - 6:00am classes, three days a week - takedowns and throws practiced EVERY session - special striking classes in conjunction with no gi BJJ, for more realistic self defense - the cleanest mats I've seen in a gym, a foot bath before walking on, and disinfection after every training session - belt testing: some coaches just throw a belt at you when they think you're ready. Many people feel like fakers, and wonder if they really deserve their next belt. I won't outline the entire 2 hour test/ordeal I just saw two students go through for their blue belts, but suffice to say, they absolutely earned them! (Full disclosure: I'm a no stripe white belt at Connection Rio, just another dad bod hobbyist gasping under side control. Been wanting to write this review for a while. No special treatment from Prof. Asche for writing this, the dude spent 12 years in Brazil.. he keeps it real!)

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
