---
source_url: http://www.connectionriobjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://connectionriobjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:59.298Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Bend and Redmond ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Connection Rio Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are the Best Form of Martial Art for Kids’ Self Defense We are the best Kids Gi & No-Gi BJJ in Bend, Redmond and all of Central Oregon designed for youth ages 4 and up.
 When it comes to real life applicable self defense, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the best form of martial arts for children and to combat bullying. Our program has been battle tested and proven on the competition scene, in de-escalating bullying scenarios and used in self defense. Whether your youth’s goal is to train for hobby, competition or learn real life long self defense skills; Connection Rio BJJ is where you want to be! Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 Get more information now!
 ### Our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Keep Students Active and Excited At Connection Rio BJJ, you will find a team that is dedicated to your child’s success. Our kids BJJ program caters to all skill levels and body types. Our innovative program encourages kids to challenge themselves and each other every day all while having a blast!
 ##### Our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Bend and Redmond offer: - Real life self defense and bully prevention strategies - Lifelong habits of physical and mental fitness - Well rounded athleticism - A team that feels like a family - A safe, fun, and supportive environment
 ### And Don't Forget, We're Building Our Students Up For Success In All Aspects Of Life! Our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is all about developing students and helping them take pride in their accomplishments. Our program uses our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction as a vehicle for well-rounded character development. The lessons learned in class extend far beyond the mat, creating positive life long healthy habits that extend into all aspects of their every day lives.
 ##### Our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Bend and Redmond offer: - Build incredible self-confidence - Learn to respect others - Setting positive boundaries - Persevere through and overcome obstacles
 ### Take The First Step Today! Learn More About The Best Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes In Bend and Redmond! All classes are programmed directly by 4th degree black belt professor Dennis Asche who draws from more than thirty years of hands on martial arts experience with tried and true teaching methodology that he has used for decades to successfully develop skills in thousands of athletes from around the world. Don’t miss out on everything we have to offer at Connection Rio BJJ!
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!

 Get more information now!

 ## Unleash Your Greatest Potential at Connection Rio BJJ! Request information

 I've trained at MANY BJJ gyms here in Oregon, and Connection Rio is the real deal. Professor Dennis Asche has an unparalleled level of knowledge and depth of expertise, giving him the ability to meet each and every practitioner where they're at with their game, and help to develop their own preferred toolbox of BJJ techniques. His attention to detail and patience while instructing allows his students to understand the 'how' and 'why' of every move they learn, providing a wonderful space to try new things with the support needed to truly advance in this martial art. The atmosphere at CRA is very welcoming to all experience levels, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone interested in trying something new, or reaching new levels in a sport they're already familiar with. This truly is an environment for growth and I'm grateful to be a part of it. Osss!

 Having trained in gyms all over the world for many years, Dennis's classes always stick out in my mind as the most beneficial, enjoyable and relevant to modern jiu jitsu. I still carry with me to this day the unique methods and techniques Dennis taught me and I have been able to apply these practically in many situations. Dennis's classes were comprehensible to the newest beginner and the most seasoned of veteran practitioners, I can't say enough good things about Dennis as a coach, teacher, leader and mentor.

 This is THE place to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bend, Oregon. Somehow, black belt Dennis Asche has hit all the sweet spots with his gym: great work ethic, friendly atmosphere, absolutely killer workouts, and loads of fun the whole time. With every kind of training partner you could want, the gym doesn't seem dominated by one "clique" or student type.... 20 something young guys, hard A.F. middle-aged power lifters, short and light guys and gals who will tie you in knots faster than you can blink, kids classes, people over 50, women only class... there's something for everyone. And everyone is just so nice here, not a jerk in the entire group, they're all more than happy to go easy on you if you just ask. But at the same time, anyone that goes here for any length of time seems to be hard as nails, physically and technique wise. You can feel it when you roll with them, even the mid tier white belts. Go here for 6 months and your body will start to feel like it's carved out of wood. Prof. Asche somehow gets everyone to turn it up to "eleven" with his training routine and leadership. Other highlights: - 6:00am classes, three days a week - takedowns and throws practiced EVERY session - special striking classes in conjunction with no gi BJJ, for more realistic self defense - the cleanest mats I've seen in a gym, a foot bath before walking on, and disinfection after every training session - belt testing: some coaches just throw a belt at you when they think you're ready. Many people feel like fakers, and wonder if they really deserve their next belt. I won't outline the entire 2 hour test/ordeal I just saw two students go through for their blue belts, but suffice to say, they absolutely earned them! (Full disclosure: I'm a no stripe white belt at Connection Rio, just another dad bod hobbyist gasping under side control. Been wanting to write this review for a while. No special treatment from Prof. Asche for writing this, the dude spent 12 years in Brazil.. he keeps it real!)

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
