---
source_url: http://www.connectionriobjj.com/classes/Kids-Muay-Thai
final_url: https://connectionriobjj.com/classes/Kids-Muay-Thai
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:59.998Z
---

# Kids Muay Thai and Boxing in Bend and Redmond ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Connection Rio Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Bend & Redmond’s Premier Kids Muay Thai & Boxing Classes! Connection Rio Kid’s Muay Thai program builds confident and successful students out of committed athletes. Our Kid’s Muay Thai provides a positive outlet for your child to focus on building mental fortitude and becoming physically fit while building a life long technical skill set in the martial arts in a fun and safe learning environment. Our program is designed to build our athletes up, instill discipline and help overcome obstacles while working on character building. Not only do we provide skills for self defense, Connection Rio programming teaches and instills the importance of prevention rather than engaging in altercation.
 Join the Connection Rio team and see first hand what makes our academy the number one academy for youth training martial arts in Bend, Redmond and all of Central Oregon. Connection Rio, we are where you want to be! Contact us today and set up your trial class!
 Get more information now!

 ### Why Choose Kids Muay Thai and Boxing Classes? Some parents are worried that Muay Thai and Boxing classes are all about punching and kicking, but here's the truth: when you sign up your child for our Kids Muay Thai and Boxing program, they'll get a headstart on learning perseverance , goal-setting skills , teamwork , leadership , and more. From the youngest students to the most seasoned athletes, we strive to ensure that each and every one of our students gets top-notch training. Our experienced instructors at Connection Rio Jiu-Jitsu Academy will ensure that your child gets the kind of personalized guidance and attention that you won't find anywhere else in the Bend area.
 If you're looking for a kids martial arts program that will help your child get ahead in life, look no further!
 ##### Our Kids Muay Thai and Boxing classes offer: - Unwavering confidence - Teamwork and leadership skills - The chance to meet new friends & mentors - Lifelong habits of health and wellness
 Your child will learn nonviolent anti-bullying strategies, become part of our martial arts community, and get started with habits of physical fitness that will last a lifetime . Our Kids Muay Thai and Boxing Classes are designed to set students up for lasting success, whether they stay here in Bend or wherever life takes them. Join us at Connection Rio Jiu-Jitsu Academy and see the difference that kids martial arts classes can make!
 ### Enroll in Kids Muay Thai and Boxing Classes Today! From your child's very first class, they'll have a blast learning exciting Muay Thai and Boxing techniques, meet new friends from across Bend, Redmond, and surrounding areas, and begin learning important values like respect, perseverance, and how to fight through any obstacle!
 Just fill out the short form below to get started with our kids Muay Thai and Boxing program!
 Get more information now!

 ## Unleash Your Greatest Potential at Connection Rio BJJ! Request information

 I've trained at MANY BJJ gyms here in Oregon, and Connection Rio is the real deal. Professor Dennis Asche has an unparalleled level of knowledge and depth of expertise, giving him the ability to meet each and every practitioner where they're at with their game, and help to develop their own preferred toolbox of BJJ techniques. His attention to detail and patience while instructing allows his students to understand the 'how' and 'why' of every move they learn, providing a wonderful space to try new things with the support needed to truly advance in this martial art. The atmosphere at CRA is very welcoming to all experience levels, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone interested in trying something new, or reaching new levels in a sport they're already familiar with. This truly is an environment for growth and I'm grateful to be a part of it. Osss!

 Having trained in gyms all over the world for many years, Dennis's classes always stick out in my mind as the most beneficial, enjoyable and relevant to modern jiu jitsu. I still carry with me to this day the unique methods and techniques Dennis taught me and I have been able to apply these practically in many situations. Dennis's classes were comprehensible to the newest beginner and the most seasoned of veteran practitioners, I can't say enough good things about Dennis as a coach, teacher, leader and mentor.

 This is THE place to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Bend, Oregon. Somehow, black belt Dennis Asche has hit all the sweet spots with his gym: great work ethic, friendly atmosphere, absolutely killer workouts, and loads of fun the whole time. With every kind of training partner you could want, the gym doesn't seem dominated by one "clique" or student type.... 20 something young guys, hard A.F. middle-aged power lifters, short and light guys and gals who will tie you in knots faster than you can blink, kids classes, people over 50, women only class... there's something for everyone. And everyone is just so nice here, not a jerk in the entire group, they're all more than happy to go easy on you if you just ask. But at the same time, anyone that goes here for any length of time seems to be hard as nails, physically and technique wise. You can feel it when you roll with them, even the mid tier white belts. Go here for 6 months and your body will start to feel like it's carved out of wood. Prof. Asche somehow gets everyone to turn it up to "eleven" with his training routine and leadership. Other highlights: - 6:00am classes, three days a week - takedowns and throws practiced EVERY session - special striking classes in conjunction with no gi BJJ, for more realistic self defense - the cleanest mats I've seen in a gym, a foot bath before walking on, and disinfection after every training session - belt testing: some coaches just throw a belt at you when they think you're ready. Many people feel like fakers, and wonder if they really deserve their next belt. I won't outline the entire 2 hour test/ordeal I just saw two students go through for their blue belts, but suffice to say, they absolutely earned them! (Full disclosure: I'm a no stripe white belt at Connection Rio, just another dad bod hobbyist gasping under side control. Been wanting to write this review for a while. No special treatment from Prof. Asche for writing this, the dude spent 12 years in Brazil.. he keeps it real!)

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
