---
source_url: https://www.csg360jiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.csg360jiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:53.839Z
---

To play, press and hold the enter key. To stop, release the enter key.

 The We Defy Foundation is a non-profit organization that provides combat veterans suffering from military connected disabilities a long term means to overcome their challenges through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and fitness training. They are committed to creating a better life for our veterans and their families, our team, and accomplishing our mission by providing training and support. They empower veterans through integrity, discipline, personal accountability, mental and physical development, improved coordination, flexibility, adaptability, confidence, patience, and selfless service.

 CSG 360 Jiu Jitsu, Oceanside is proud to be recognized as an academy that can help accomplish such an honorable mission. Throughout his long Jiu Jitsu career, Professor Charles S. Grant has had the honor of training many of these brave men and women; who sacrificed everything, yet asked for nothing. We have been approved by The We Defy Foundation as a recognized training facility. CSG 360 Jiu Jitsu is already home to many veterans and their families. If you, or a loved one is an active duty, retired, or disabled veteran of the armed services, We would love to welcome you to the CSG Family.

 # ACADEMY HOURS
 MONDAY 4 PM - 8 PM
 ​
 TUESDAY 6 AM - 7 AM & 5 PM - 8 PM
 WEDNESDAY 5 PM - 8 PM
 THURSDAY 6 AM - 7 A M & 5 PM - 8 PM
 FRIDAY 6 PM - 7 PM
 SATURDAY 10:30 AM - 1:30 PM
 SUNDAY 1 PM - 2 P
 ​ ​

 # LOCATION

 # CONTACT INFO
 Phone: (760) 405-589 1
 ​
 Address: 3365 MISSION AVE C/D OCEANSIDE CA 92058
 ​
 Email: csg360bjj@gmail.com
 ​
 *PLEASE CALL OR EMAIL FOR QUESTIONS*

 - - - -

 ## CSG 360 MEMBER LOGIN
