---
source_url: https://www.florianmartialartscenter.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.florianmartialartscenter.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:10.155Z
---

## Boost Confidence & Strength With Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Florian Martial Arts Center offers Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) classes in Brookline, MA. BJJ is an art centered around grappling and submission holds. Students acquire the skill of overcoming a stronger opponent by using leverage, joint locks and chokeholds, without relying on forceful strikes. The premise of BJJ is that most of the advantage of a larger, stronger opponent comes from superior reach and more powerful strikes, both of which are negated when grappling on the ground. BJJ is practiced wearing a gi, and it employs a belt system (white, blue, purple, brown, and black). We offer multiple BJJ classes catering to all levels, from beginner to advanced practitioners. Please take advantage of our one-week free trial to find the perfect class for you.

 Contact Us

 ### Fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Our BJJ Fundamentals classes are tailored to help beginners master the fundamental techniques and positions of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Each session begins with a custom warm-up, featuring exercises designed to prepare the body for the unique movements involved in BJJ grappling. Our instructors provide instruction on specific techniques and positions and then encourage students to partner up for hands-on practice.
 In the last 30 minutes of each class, students participate in live grappling sessions within a controlled environment, where they focus on the techniques taught by the instructor. Upon successfully passing an evaluation that assesses their understanding of basic BJJ positions and techniques, students can advance to our Advanced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes.

 ### Advanced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu In our Advanced BJJ classes at Florian Martial Arts, the instructor answers questions and focuses on the finer details of positions based on students’ needs. This personalized approach allows advanced BJJ students to work on the positions they aim to master. After training the techniques with a partner, the class transitions to live sparring in the second half.

 ### No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu In our no-gi advanced BJJ classes, students wear rash guards and shorts instead of the traditional gi. These classes mirror our regular Advanced BJJ classes in terms of content and training.

 ### Contact Florian Martial Arts Center Today
 Call Now
