---
source_url: https://www.florianmartialartscenter.com
final_url: https://www.florianmartialartscenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:10.187Z
---

Skip to Content # Practice Martial Arts in a Safe & Fun Environment Contact Us

 ## Boost Self-Defense Skills & Confidence With Martial Arts Whether you want to train in martial arts as a hobby, learn self-defense, or become a world champion competitor, Florian Martial Arts Center in Brookline, MA, is ready for you. We have martial arts programs and a unique formula that brings out the best in our students. Highly experienced martial arts teachers lead our classes. We teach women, men, and children of all ages the physical and mental components of martial arts. We provide a friendly, safe environment where students help each other reach their goals.

 Our Programs

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Striking
 Private Training

 ### What Is Martial Arts? Martial arts began thousands of years ago to defend communities against invaders and help individuals protect themselves. Martial arts training helps students learn the aspects of being a warrior. Martial arts combines physical, mental, competitive, and spiritual development. Skilled instructors teach students to practice techniques involving punches, kicks, and grappling. Martial arts is a way to enhance strength, speed, coordination, and flexibility. Students learn how to manage potentially threatening situations. We have multiple martial arts programs to help you find the one that helps you reach your full potential.

 About Us

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Striking Programs Florian Martial Arts Center proudly brings together innovative teaching methods and honorable martial arts traditions. We want to inspire our students to reach new heights. We teach Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Striking. BJJ helps students learn ground fighting techniques and submission holds. Students wear a gi as they progress in the art and they achieve a higher ranking through a belt system. Striking includes practicing kickboxing, Thai boxing, conventional boxing, and other forms of mixed arts striking techniques. We also offer private martial arts lessons, special classes for women and kids, and birthday parties for kids. We can help you reach your personal goals with martial arts training. We offer a free one-week trial for all new visitors. Come visit us, and learn why so many people have joined the family of Florian Martial Arts Center.

 Learn More

 ### Our Reviews
 - - - - -
 Practicing BJJ at FloMAC is always a great time, and so much more fun than lifting weights. My training partners keep me coming back for more week after week. Professor Florian is a fantastic instructor and is immensely knowledgeable in the art of BJJ.

 Anthony Accorsi

 - - - - -
 My 2 daughters have trained at Florian Martial Arts for the past 7 years and it has been incredible to watch them grow as athletes and martial artists. I have observed how training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Flomac has boosted both their confidence and intelligence. BJJ is the one sport they have never quit! All the other activities have come and gone, BJJ has stuck for their whole lives.

 Nick Rothstein

 - - - - -
 I like the community, members are willing to help each other out and it is a tight knit team. Coming here is like my morning coffee, I need to come here every day.

 John Tonderys

 Read More Reviews

 ### Florian Martial Arts Center Address
 62 Harvard St Floor 3
Brookline Ma 02445
 Phone
 617-232-3228
 Hours of Operation
 Monday: 12:15 PM – 8:00 PM
 Tuesday: 12:15 PM – 9:00 PM
 Wednesday: 12:15 PM – 8:00 PM
 Thursday: 12:15 PM – 9:00 PM
 Friday: 3:00 PM – 7:00 PM
 Saturday: 11:00 AM – 1:00 PM
 We have programs for those who want to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) , Striking & Mixed Martial Arts. For students new to martial arts we have a Fundamentals class, Private Lessons & Camps for all ages & levels. We serve students from all over Boston, including Brookline, Allston, Brighton, Jamaica Plain ( JP) & Chestnut Hill.

 - First Name * Required - Last Name * Required - Phone * Required - Email * Required - Class Interested InPlease SelectBrazilian Ju JitzuStrikingPrivate TrainingChildren Classes - Message

 Back to the top
