---
source_url: http://wayofjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.wayofjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:53.648Z
---

Official Affiliate

 ## WAY OF JIU JITSU ### Team Rigan MachadoDenver & Aurora Colorado Learn More

 #### Come train in an official Rigan Machado Brazilian Way Of Jiu Jitsu academy in Denver Colorado!
 At Way of Jiu Jitsu Academy we give you the best possible training straight from the source of it all - Rigan Machado is the nephew of Grand Master Carlos Gracie who was one of founders Gracie Jiu Jitsu.

 # Top Martial Art School in Colorado

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 3 Sessions + FREE T-Shirt
 Give us 2 weeks... you’ll learn how to take down anyone, of any size, while getting in the best shape of your life, & many other benefits... guaranteed.” 100% of it.

 We're so confident these programs will rock you to your core, fulfill your health & fitness goals.

 View Special

 ### Kids Martial Arts
 6 Weeks Classes + FREE Uniform
 Includes a free uniform and up to two classes per week at one location of your choosing for six consecutive weeks.

 Amazing Denver Kids Martial Arts. Class Not Only Teaches Kids Self-Defense, But Gives Them The Tools They Need For Success In Life. For kids up to 14 years old .” You're more than welcome to try it out risk free. Money back guarantee only applies to Web Special Offer.

 View Special

 ## Testimonials

 ### Rigan Machado 8th Degree
 Coral Belt

 ### Jarome Iginla 6x NHL All Star
 & 2002 Olympian

 ### Charlee Minkin 2004 Olympic Judo team member
 & BJJ Black belt

 ### Joe Lyons Former Navy Seals member

 ### Seiko Yamamoto 4x World Wrestling Champion
 & ADCC medalist

 ### Rigan Machado 8th Degree
 Coral Belt

 ### Jarome Iginla 6x NHL All Star
 & 2002 Olympian

 ### Charlee Minkin 2004 Olympic Judo team member
 & BJJ Black belt

 View Testimonials

 ## About Way of Jiu Jitsu Come train in an official Rigan Machado Brazilian Way Of Jiu Jitsu academy in Denver Colorado! At Way of Jiu Jitsu Academy we give you the best possible training straight from the source of it all...

 Learn More
 ### Request Information Name:
 Email:
 Phone:

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 We offer a world-class Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) program in the area of Denver, Colorado.

 Click here to learn more
 Click here to view our reel

 ### Self Defense
 We offer a world-class Self Defense Martial Arts program in the area of Denver, Colorado.

 Click here to learn more

 ### BJJ for Kids Class
 We offer the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program for kids in the area of Denver, Colorado.

 Click here to learn more

 ### Women’s Jiu Jitsu
 We offer the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program for women in the area of Denver, Colorado.

 Click here to learn more

 REQUEST INFORMATION
 WAY OF JIU JITSU

 Denver & Aurora BJJ Academy

 PURCHASE
 Nobuo Yagai's book

 ##### PROGRAMS
 ##### CONTACT US T: (303) 246-8855
 wayofjj@outlook.com

 A1: 7808 Cherry Creek South Dr. 205 Denver, CO 80231
 A2: 9565 Montview blvd
 Aurora, Co 80010

 OFFICIAL ASSOCIATION

 We are Proudly Part of the Rigan Machado BJJ Association
 www.riganbjj.com

 Share by:
