---
source_url: http://www.bmacboston.com
final_url: https://www.bmacboston.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:56.451Z
---

## Somerville Snow Emergency
 BMAC will be closed on Monday, February 23, 2026

 # Martial Arts Classes in Boston
 ## All-levels Classes for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Kids Martial Arts
 Class Schedule
 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) Classes in Boston
 Discover the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at BMAC. Our BJJ classes focus on ground fighting and submission techniques, emphasizing technique, leverage, and strategy. Whether you’re a beginner or an advanced practitioner, our BJJ program offers something for everyone.

 Reserve a free practice class
 ## Muay Thai Classes in Boston
 Experience the power and intensity of Muay Thai , known as "The Art of Eight Limbs." Our Muay Thai classes teach striking techniques using fists, elbows, knees, and shins. Perfect for self-defense, fitness, and competition, our Muay Thai program caters to all skill levels.

 Reserve a free practice class
 ## Kids Martial Arts Classes in Boston
 At BMAC, we offer specialized martial arts programs for children ages 3 and up. Our kids' classes in BJJ,  and Karate focus on building confidence, discipline, and physical fitness in a fun and engaging environment. Help your child develop valuable life skills while staying active and healthy.

 Reserve a free practice class

 ## BMAC Has Been Family-Owned Since 2001
 At BMAC, we are dedicated to providing an exceptional martial arts experience that emphasizes learning, community, and a friendly atmosphere. Our highly skilled instructors ensure you receive top-notch training, whether you’re interested in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) , Muay Thai , or kids' martial arts . We pride ourselves on fostering a supportive and welcoming environment where everyone, regardless of age or skill level, feels like part of the BMAC family. Our state-of-the-art facility in Somerville, MA, is easily accessible for residents of Boston, Somerville, Charlestown, Cambridge, Everett, Medford, Belmont, and Arlington, MA. Join us at BMAC to improve your fitness, build confidence, and become part of a vibrant community committed to personal growth and martial arts excellence.
 BMAC has also been featured in The New York Times , highlighting its prominence and reputation in the martial arts community.

 Chris K.

 “Really love this dojo. I was looking for a place that wasn't too "bro-ey". I found everyone here to be super friendly, no ego, not too much testosterone, and a diverse crowd of students. Learned a ton and just earned my first stripe as a white belt!"

 Sarah S.

 "Love this place. I’ve been doing Muay Thai here for the last 6 months and am hooked. I know it can be intimidating, especially for females in a male dominated sport, but you will find nothing but love and hard work at this place."

 Avi W.

 Not only did my daughter gain Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense experience but I noticed her confidence, social skills and respect for herself and others increased dramatically. She has ADHD and taking classes at BMAC helped with this in school.

 ## Convenient Location with FREE Parking Right off I-93 Exit 21
 Our state-of-the-art facility in Somerville, MA, is conveniently located right off I-93 at Exit 21, making it easy for you to access top-quality martial arts training from various towns in the Greater Boston Area:
 ​
 - Boston, MA - Somerville, MA - Charlestown, MA - Cambridge, MA - Everett, MA - Medford, MA - Belmont, MA - Arlington, MA
 ​ ​
 Address
 Brazilian Martial Arts Center
 700 Mystic Avenue
 Somerville, MA 02145
 Phone: (617) 628-3800
 ​

 ## Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Classes
 At BMAC, we understand the importance of feeling safe and confident in any situation. Our self-defense classes are designed to equip you with practical skills and techniques that can be applied in real-world scenarios. Whether you're interested in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai, or Mixed Martial Arts (MMA), our self-defense programs focus on empowering you to protect yourself effectively.
 ​
 You'll learn how to use leverage, striking, and strategic defense to handle various threats. Our classes are suitable for all skill levels and are designed to build your confidence, awareness, and physical fitness.
 Ready to take the first step towards a safer, more empowered you? Fill in the "Ask Your Question" form at the bottom of the page to schedule your free self-defense class today!

 Book a FREE BJJ Class
 Book a FREE Muay Thai Class

 ## Questions? Just ask!

 If you have any questions about the classes, feel free to send us a message or give Marcelo a call at (617) 628-3800 .

 First name *

 Last name *

 Email *

 Phone *

 Your Question *

 Ask your question
