---
source_url: http://westcoastkravmaga.com
final_url: https://westcoastkravmaga.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:38.709Z
---

- - - - -

 4.8 Rating

 - - - - -

 4.6 Rating

 # West Coast Krav Maga Temecula, Murrieta, and Wildomar’s Premier Martial Arts Facility For All Ages At West Coast Krav Maga, we don’t just teach self-defense — we build champions for the game of life. Our students develop the confidence, discipline, and resilience to face real-world challenges both on and off the mat. Whether you’re a child learning to stand tall against bullying or an adult looking to protect what matters most, our proven Krav Maga training empowers you to be strong, focused, and ready. Join a community where character is built, courage is tested, and lives are transformed.

 Select a Program

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Little Dragons (3 – 4) Little Ninjas (5 – 6) Champions (7 – 9) Youth Krav Maga (10 – 14) Adult Krav Maga (14+) - Location Select Location Temecula, CA Murrieta, CA Wildomar, CA

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for West Coast Krav Maga to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 MARTIAL ARTS IN Temecula, Murrieta, and Wildomar
 ## WELCOME TO West Coast Krav Maga We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At West Coast Krav Maga, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 Your Training Journey, Simplified
 ## The West Coast Krav Maga Mobile App The West Coast Krav Maga app is your all-in-one resource for managing your training journey and staying connected to our community. View class schedules, book your sessions, and stay up-to-date with the latest news and announcements—all from the convenience of your phone. Whether you’re a new student or a seasoned pro, the app helps you stay on track with your goals and fully engaged with the West Coast Krav Maga family.

 OUR PROGRAMS
 ## MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN Temecula, Murrieta, and Wildomar Looking for the right martial arts class? Check out West Coast Krav Maga's variety of programs, designed for all ages and skills. Pick one to get more details and kickstart your journey.

 Little Dragons (3 – 4)
 Empower your child with expert guidance, vibrant learning, and endless fun in our engaging martial arts classes.
 View Program

 Little Ninjas (5 – 6)
 Build confidence and skills through fun martial arts activities tailored for young children ages 4-6.
 View Program

 Champions (7 – 9)
 Empower your child aged 7-9 with essential skills in self-defense, discipline, and confidence through our engaging and supportive martial arts program.
 View Program

 Youth Krav Maga (10 – 14)
 Empower your child with Youth Krav Maga training, emphasizing fitness, self-defense, and personal growth. Our classes foster discipline, confidence, and essential life skills in a supportive environment.
 View Program

 Adult Krav Maga (14+)
 Explore the dynamic world of Krav Maga at West Coast Krav Maga, where Temecula residents come to build strength, agility, and confidence.
 View Program

 West Coast Krav Maga REVIEWS
 ## See what our members say See what our members are saying! Browse through the reviews to get a glimpse of the West Coast Krav Maga experience straight from our community.

 Brian Keith Philp
 The best place, staff, and trainers you can find to teach you a true defense system perfect for today’s crazy world.

 Mason Leger
 Joined about 6 months ago, best six months of my life. Krav Maga has truly helped me as a person and helped grow my confidence, discipline, and my mental and physical strength. God bless the entire staff, I cannot thank you enough! ❤️❤️❤️

 Jeff Dugan
 Great Instructors and Excellent with all the kids.

 Rick Deleon
 Excellent facilities and instructors

 Emily Evette
 The instructors are very good with the children. My Nephew is in kindergarten and he was being bullied at school. My Sister enrolled him and his confidence has improved. Thank God the bullying has stopped.

 Ricky Inthavong
 Great for cardio and self defense

 Wenonah Red Horse
 I have both of my kids enrolled in classes and the instructors couldn't get more perfect for their role of teaching my kids self defense. I am looking forward to watching them both excel in the West Coast Krav Maga program. Also, I visit both locations and they're excellent at both so I am sure the new Wildomar locations awesome!

 Steve Altfillisch
 Good for both fitness and self defense, and the staff is great!

 christopher lawrence
 My daughters have been going to WCKM for approx. 3 years now. Their Children's programs are nothing short of amazing!! Mrs. Jenn , Mrs Stephanie, Mrs Tia and Mr Eric are excellent instructors and truly care about our kids. I feel like they are an extension of our family and am so lucky to have found them. I would recommend West Coast Krav Maga to anyone interested.

 Megan Ellie Boone
 Amazing facility with awesome instructors who are truly passionate about their students and teaching them not only practical self defense, but good moral values as well. I am absolutely thrilled with our experience with West Coast Krav Maga. I have seen such a positive change in my teenage son's attitude at home as well as his performance in school. I highly recommend this place!

 Victoria Finnegan
 This place is amazing. The instructors really care about the kids and take the time to help them learn their skills with positive reinforcement. I truly recommend this place if you would like your kids to learn self discipline and control while learning how to defend themselves.

 Ron Sell
 Great place, great instructors, real world self defense.

 Tony Gaisser
 John and his family are some of the best people I've had the pleasure of meeting. His training and studios are top-notch, and I learned a lot from John.

 Crystina Tabor-Mueller
 We absolutely love the entire staff at WCKM. Our 4 year old recently started classes and he looks forward to going every week.

 True Tracey
 We are enjoying this program so much! As a mom, I love watching my daughter learning how to punch, kick, block..I love that this teaches them about physical activity and keeping our bodies strong. My favorite part, though, are the morals and values they discuss and teach at each class - that is priceless in my opinion. We are barely a month in, but are very happy as a family with this program!

 COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
 ## Providing high-quality martial arts Our martial arts school welcomes students from Temecula and surrounding communities. Train with us and experience top-quality martial arts instruction, no matter where you're coming from.

 Temecula, CA

 Murrieta, CA

 Wildomar, CA

 OUR BLOG
 ## HELPFUL TIPS FROM West Coast Krav Maga Whether you’re a beginner eager to learn, a parent seeking to empower your child, or just curious about the art, our blog is your go-to source for valuable guidance and inspiration. Dive into our posts and embark on a journey to enhance your skills and well-being!

 The Positive Effects of Martial Arts for a Child in School
 Grade school can be quite the experience for any child. It is a place where a child not only learns academically but one where a child must learn to socialize and function in the world. Unfortunately, there are a lot of negative experiences that a child may have when going through school. Whatever those experiences […]
 READ MORE »

 Finding Harmony: Martial Arts as a Path to Balance and Well-Being
 In today’s fast-paced and hectic world, finding a sense of balance and well-being is crucial for leading a fulfilling life. While many turn to meditation, yoga, or other wellness practices, martial arts offers a unique and holistic approach to achieving harmony within ourselves. In this article, we will explore how martial arts can be a […]
 READ MORE »

 Protect Your Heart with Martial Arts
 Every year, the American Heart Association celebrates Heart Month to raise awareness about heart disease and heart health. What you may not know is that martial arts are great for the heart. In fact, the cardiac benefits of martial arts give a whole new meaning to the idea of cardiovascular fitness. With that in mind, […]
 READ MORE »
