---
source_url: http://www.hybridroanoke.com/profile.html
final_url: http://www.hybridroanoke.com/profile.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:01.780Z
---

Thai Boxing

 known as the king of the ring, Muay Thai is the art of 8 limbs. In this class you will learn how to punch, kick, knee and elbow. Thai boxing has proven itself to be the most dominant striking art on the planet Thai Boxing training methods are unsurpassed in developing speed, power, and cardiovascular endurance (burning up to 800 calories per hour). Specialized equipment such as Thai pads, focus mitts and heavy-bags are used to maximize power, improve reaction time, and refine technique.

 And we have it available here with the valleys certified Muay Thai instructor, done so thru the US Muay Thai association of America.

 JUDO

 judo Is a martial art that was originally created by Jigoro Kano in 1882 and later became an Olympic sport in the 60's after it's growth and popularity increased. Judo is the art of the big throw with the intent of having someone land on their back. It is a great clinchwork and takedown art to get you on the ground if need be or to keep you on your feet if that is not where you wish to be. Judo was originally introduced and taught in Roanoke by Gus Carper. He founded the Roanoke Judo Club & taught thru the YMCA for decades. Gus was an incredibly respected human being in the valley & in the Judo circle. He always taught being a good person was far more important than anything else in life. After Gus retired & subsequently retired from Judo he has left it in our hands to carry on the tradition & teaching of the club charter. Currently We have 4 black belts in this program to help guide you along the way.

 We offer the program through the USJA, which is a nationally accredited organization & requires background checks of facilities and instructors

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Also known as Gracie Jiu Jitsu, this is the art of grappling or groundfighting. It includes clinch work, takedowns, self-defense as well as chokes, arm locks and leg locks. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has proven itself to be the single most effective martial art on the planet. It was the highlight of the UFC which was created by the Gracie family to prove what the single most effective martial art was. It simply dominated competitive ring and cage fighting for years and no successful champion fighter today does so without being well versed in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program comes from Pedro Sauer , an 8th degree red/black belt that trained directly with the Gracie family since the age of 13. Pedro received his black belt from Rickson and Helio Gracie. Pedro was voted the "best of the best" jiu jitsu instructors in a worldwide internet poll. He is sought out worldwide and has the largest association for jiu jitsu in the world. Our program has been with Pedro from the beginning and all of our black belts have been awarded their rank directly from him. Our program averages 20 people per night and gives you decades of experience on the mat and hundreds of tournament matches in experience.

 there are 3 ranges of a combat.

 STRIKING, THE CLINCH and THE GROUND

 -thai boxing addresses the striking

 -judo addresses the clinch (takedowns)

 -jiu jitsu addresses the groundfighting

 HYBRID is the only school that offers all 3, with certified instructors and conveniently enough, they're all under 1 roof.

 You can take them individually or as a package to become a complete martial artist.

 1
 HomeFAQClassesInstructorsScheduleContact Us | Home | | FAQ | | Classes | | Instructors | | Schedule | | Contact Us

 HYBRID

 Muay Thai Kickboxing

 JUDO

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Website Designed at Homestead™ Create a Website and List Your Business
