---
source_url: http://www.hybridroanoke.com
final_url: http://www.hybridroanoke.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:01.824Z
---

WELCOME TO THE ORIGINAL . The place that started it all. For the past 25 years we have been teaching these arts in the Roanoke Valley. With more than a dozen Brazilian jiu jitsu blackbelts here at any time, the valleys original Muay Thai kickboxing program, and the areas oldest Judo program, HYBRID has everything you need, and it's all under 1 roof...

 These are the most respected, proven martial arts in the world. And they're all available here, with the highest ranking, and in most cases, only certified instructors in the valley.

 The popularity of the UFC & MMA has taken the world by storm. Thus, it has exposed what works and what doesn't in martial arts. We don't break boards, do kata's or use impractical weapons. They are not bad things, it's just not what we do. We understand that you need to get in, learn how to functionally defend yourself, get a great workout and get back to your busy life. We offer classes for self-defense, fitness, or competition. Classes average 18-20 people to give you a serious challenge yet also keep you from being a number. With several blackbelts present each class, they'll help guide you along the way. Most importantly, the owners are the primary instructors. This means they have a genuine interest in your performance and growth. These instructors have competed, and won, at every rank all the way to blackbelt invitational events which ensures you're getting a proven product.

 1
 HomeFAQClassesInstructorsScheduleContact Us | Home | | FAQ | | Classes | | Instructors | | Schedule | | Contact Us

 Our facility

 HYBRID's central downtown location at 310 Salem Ave is convenient from anywhere in the valley.

 It is 3500 square feet and is fully equipped with professional grade training equipment which includes

 an enormous 30x60 seamless mat

 - multiple thai style heavy bags

 - professional grade thai pads

 - professional grade focus mits

 - seperate dressing rooms WITH showers

 - and most importantly, the mat is cleaned on a daily basis

 What sets us apart

 - established in 2001, we are the valley's ORIGINAL mixed martial arts facility

 - 4 judo blackbelts and the home of the original Roanoke Judo CLub

 - the original Muay Thai program in the valley

 - 12 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belts with the original 6 being certified directly from Pedro Sauer himself

 - we average 18-20 people per class

 - instructors that have competed in everything we offer and actually won at even the invitational level

 - no long term contracts, no hidden fees.

 - LEO, Fire/EMS & public safety discount

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Muay Thai kickboxing

 JUDO

 Pedro Sauer Blackbelts

 HYBRID

 Muay Thai Kickboxing

 JUDO

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 310 Salem Ave

 Downtown Roanoke

 540-345-8609

 come in for your free week of classes

 Website Designed at Homestead™ Create a Website and List Your Business
