---
source_url: http://www.syndicatemma.com/class/open-mat
final_url: https://www.syndicatemma.com/class/open-mat
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:31.255Z
---

# Wrestling

 ## Wrestling at Syndicate MMA Develop your wrestling skills under the guidance of experienced coaches at Syndicate MMA. Our wrestling program focuses on fundamental techniques, takedowns, and ground control, essential components of any well-rounded fighter's arsenal.

 - Enhanced athleticism: Improve your strength, agility, balance, and coordination through rigorous wrestling drills. - Improved grappling skills: Develop takedowns, pins, and escapes that can be applied in MMA and self-defense situations. - Increased mental toughness: Build resilience, focus, and determination through the challenges of wrestling training. - Physical fitness: Get in top shape with our intense wrestling workouts that push your limits. - Confidence: Gain self-assurance and empowerment as you master new techniques and overcome obstacles.
 Why Choose Syndicate MMA for Your Wrestling Journey:
 Syndicate MMA provides a supportive and challenging environment for wrestlers of all levels. Our experienced coaches are dedicated to helping you reach your full potential, whether you're a beginner or an experienced grappler.
 Key Advantages of Training at Syndicate MMA:
 - Experienced coaches: Learn from knowledgeable instructors who have a passion for wrestling and a proven track record of success. - State-of-the-art facilities: Train in a modern and well-equipped gym designed to optimize your wrestling experience. - A supportive and welcoming community: Join a team of like-minded individuals who will motivate and inspire you to achieve your goals.

 ## Class details Learn from Zach our Head Coach of Wrestling

 Duration:
 60 minutes

 Intensity:
 High

 morning
 n/A

 evening
 7:30PM

 Daily
 M,W

 No Additional Details

 schedule 3 Day trial

 ## More classes
 Browse all Classes

 Muay ThaiLearn the art of eight limbs from Muay Thai.
 Brazilian Jiu-JitsuMaster the art of BJJ with black belts Jerry & Shane Shapiro
 MMAWant to train with the best coaches in the industry? Reach out Today.

 ## FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM

 Follow us
