---
source_url: http://www.immortalsjiujitsu.com/classes/No-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://immortalsjiujitsu.com/classes/No-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:19.638Z
---

# No Gi Jiu Jitsu in Clifton ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Immortals Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Find Your New Favorite Routine With No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu! Here at Immortals Jiu Jitsu, we strive to teach our students how to be adept at both Gi and No Gi training. We offer world-class training in both styles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and welcome you to be a part of whichever class suits your needs! In No Gi training, we practice all of the same techniques but without the traditional clothing, making a new form of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu that makes you rely on your body rather than your grips. We welcome people of all skill levels from all over Clifton, Passaic, Nutley, and Hackensack to give our No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu a try!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 Get more information now!

 #### Traditional Training With A Modern Appeal We know that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is easily applied to real world situations, and we understand why you would want to learn how to defend yourself against someone not wearing the traditional Gi. Since No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is practiced in more streamline clothing, you can't rely on the grips in Gi Jiu-Jitsu routines. Training without a Gi helps you focus more on the other tenets like clinches , sweeps , and footlocks .
 ##### Check out Immortals Jiu Jitsu to enjoy: - A friendly environment focused on helping you achieve your goals - Intense workouts that develop real-world skills - The science of leverage and how you can use it to your advantage - Heightened self-confidence with every new achievement
 #### Get Ahead Of The Competition If you're interested in competing, you need to take every opportunity to master your skill! Training in No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can open up new arenas for you in competition by honing your skills both in and out of the Gi. By being able to practice differently, you'll be able to react to any situation you face. Plus, you'll get a GREAT workout as No Gi training tends to rely heavily on slips , holds , and leverage .
 ##### No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training can help you: - Perfect your ground techniques - Learn new situational advantages - Gain another path to competition - Burn calories and build lean muscle tone
 #### Don't Miss Out On What Immortals Jiu Jitsu Can Offer! We love our No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program because it brings in familiar techniques and applies them in a faster paced setting. With all of the benefits it provides, it's no wonder that people from all over Clifton, Nutley, and Hackensack are already enjoying our family oriented approach!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Unlock Your Potential, One Roll at a Time Request information

 amazing gym...very friendly and tough training...sean and mike will push you to become your best on the mats

 Mike is one of the hardest working and most knowledgeable coaches I've worked with. Certainly the best leg locker I've trained with. He's trained with the absolute best in the sport, and relentlessly hones his craft in the crucible of high-level competition. Every martial arts school "talks the talk" but only a few "walk the walk". If you want battle-tested techniques, Immortals Jiu Jitsu is where you should be.

 Amazing place to train for first timers or bjj vets. Coach Mike has a huge passion for the sport and you can tell that when you first walk in. All the coaches are willing to help you at the drop of a hat and very nice/patient especially for newbies like me. When I'm back In town this will be the main gym I hit up

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
