---
source_url: http://www.immortalsjiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://immortalsjiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:19.980Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu in Clifton ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Immortals Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Clifton's Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes! Here at Immortals Jiu Jitsu, we're proud to offer kids from Clifton the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Immortals Jiu Jitsu isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Clifton for Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Jiu Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### #### Try Clifton's Favorite Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Clifton, and Passaic the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Immortals Jiu Jitsu and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about kids martial arts!
 Get more information now!

 ## Unlock Your Potential, One Roll at a Time Request information

 amazing gym...very friendly and tough training...sean and mike will push you to become your best on the mats

 Mike is one of the hardest working and most knowledgeable coaches I've worked with. Certainly the best leg locker I've trained with. He's trained with the absolute best in the sport, and relentlessly hones his craft in the crucible of high-level competition. Every martial arts school "talks the talk" but only a few "walk the walk". If you want battle-tested techniques, Immortals Jiu Jitsu is where you should be.

 Amazing place to train for first timers or bjj vets. Coach Mike has a huge passion for the sport and you can tell that when you first walk in. All the coaches are willing to help you at the drop of a hat and very nice/patient especially for newbies like me. When I'm back In town this will be the main gym I hit up

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
