---
source_url: http://www.immortalsjiujitsu.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://immortalsjiujitsu.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:20.352Z
---

# Immortals Jiu Jitsu Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Immortals Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 choose your class type
 Print
 Monday - 6:00 AM - 7:30 AM Zombie Squad (Early Morning Jiu Jitsu) - 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Immortals Juniors (No-Gi) - Instr:Michael Yim - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Muay Thai Kickboxing - Instr:Ognjen Topic - 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM No Gi Jiu Jitsu - Instr:Mike Rakshan

 Tuesday - 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Immortals Juniors - Instr:Michael Yim - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Fundamentals Jiu Jitsu - Instr:Mike Rakshan - 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM No Gi Jiu Jitsu - Instr:Mike Rakshan

 Wednesday - 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Immortals Juniors - Instr:Michael Yim - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Muay Thai Kickboxing - Instr:Ognjen Topic - 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM No Gi Jiu Jitsu - Instr:Mike Rakshan

 Thursday - 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Immortals Juniors - Instr:Michael Yim - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Fundamentals Jiu Jitsu - Instr:Mike Rakshan - 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM Gi & No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Friday - 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM Competition Class - 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Kids Kickboxing - Instr:Julian Mejia - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Saturday - 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Immortals Juniors 4-6 yrs - Instr:Michael Yim - 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Immortals Juniors 6-15 yrs - Instr:Michael Yim - 11:00 AM - 12:30 PM Striking - Instr:Ognjen Topic - 12:30 PM - 2:00 PM No Gi Jiu Jitsu - Instr:Michael Yim

 Sunday - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids Kickboxing - Instr:Julian Mejia - 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM Muay Thai Kickboxing - 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM Open Mat(No Gi)

 * Live Sparring after every scheduled class for all levels with Gi and No Gi

 ## Unlock Your Potential, One Roll at a Time Request information

 amazing gym...very friendly and tough training...sean and mike will push you to become your best on the mats

 Mike is one of the hardest working and most knowledgeable coaches I've worked with. Certainly the best leg locker I've trained with. He's trained with the absolute best in the sport, and relentlessly hones his craft in the crucible of high-level competition. Every martial arts school "talks the talk" but only a few "walk the walk". If you want battle-tested techniques, Immortals Jiu Jitsu is where you should be.

 Amazing place to train for first timers or bjj vets. Coach Mike has a huge passion for the sport and you can tell that when you first walk in. All the coaches are willing to help you at the drop of a hat and very nice/patient especially for newbies like me. When I'm back In town this will be the main gym I hit up

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
