---
source_url: http://chquestcenter.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://chquestcenter.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:54.412Z
---

# Kids Jiu-Jitsu in Chapel Hill ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Quest Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Chapel Hill's Best Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes! Here at Quest Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense, we're proud to offer kids from Chapel Hill the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu-Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program for ages 7 to 14 is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Quest Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu-Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Chapel Hill for Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Jiu-Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Chapel Hill's Favorite Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we're offering children from around Chapel Hill, Durham, and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Quest Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about Kids Jiu-Jitsu!
 Get more information now!

 ## Unleash Your Potential Request information

 If you get a chance to work with Hardee Merritt, you are getting the opportunity to train with one of the best in the game right now. On top of that, the people at his dojo are just wonderful human beings. If you have thought about trying, or getting back into, martial arts.....you have to try Chapel Hill Quest.

 Our family goes here for their Might Dragons class - our girls (4 & 6) love the class! The instructors do a great job with this age group and we have been quite impressed. Well ran dojo as well.

 My entire family of 5 trains at the Chapel Hill Quest Center. We consider it to be one of the best things we have ever discovered. The quality of curriculum and instruction is amazing, providing fun and valuable learning for us all. The fitness classes are adaptable to any level of ability and are welcoming to beginners and veterans alike. The community of instructors and students is incredibly supportive, enthusiastically reveling in each others successes both in and outside the dojo. This is an incredible place that fosters personal growth in fun and encouraging ways.

 ### Request Information Now!

 Click Here to Try a Free Class!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
