---
source_url: http://chquestcenter.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://chquestcenter.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:54.724Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Chapel Hill ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Quest Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Chapel Hill Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Adult Jiu-Jitsu right here in Chapel Hill! Our BJJ classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our program is structured to cater to beginners, intermediate, and advanced practitioners. We offer a well-rounded curriculum that covers all aspects of jiu-jitsu, including both gi and no-gi techniques, takedowns, submissions, and self-defense strategies. Our instructors are highly trained and experienced in teaching jiu-jitsu to individuals of all levels, and they are dedicated to helping each student reach their full potential.
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Quest Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense Today! Our Adult Jiu-Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Unleash Your Potential Request information

 If you get a chance to work with Hardee Merritt, you are getting the opportunity to train with one of the best in the game right now. On top of that, the people at his dojo are just wonderful human beings. If you have thought about trying, or getting back into, martial arts.....you have to try Chapel Hill Quest.

 Our family goes here for their Might Dragons class - our girls (4 & 6) love the class! The instructors do a great job with this age group and we have been quite impressed. Well ran dojo as well.

 My entire family of 5 trains at the Chapel Hill Quest Center. We consider it to be one of the best things we have ever discovered. The quality of curriculum and instruction is amazing, providing fun and valuable learning for us all. The fitness classes are adaptable to any level of ability and are welcoming to beginners and veterans alike. The community of instructors and students is incredibly supportive, enthusiastically reveling in each others successes both in and outside the dojo. This is an incredible place that fosters personal growth in fun and encouraging ways.

 ### Request Information Now!

 Click Here to Try a Free Class!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
