---
source_url: http://www.martialartspirit.com
final_url: http://www.martialartspirit.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:10.983Z
---

#### MT.Kim

 # Martial Arts Spirit

 Hello,
 We have proudly served the D.C. Metropolitan Area for over 50 years, and during that time, we’ve had the privilege of teaching more than 10,000+ students . For over 16 years, we’ve been a part of the Manassas community, helping individuals grow both mentally and physically. Our mission is to educate the next generation on important values through martial arts training, such as honesty, loyalty, effort, confidence, patience, and self-control, all while promoting a healthier body.
 We invite you to visit us and try a free trial class to experience our programs, facilities, and staff. We look forward to welcoming you and your family!
 Very Respectfully,
 Master Jeon
 Head Instructor

 #### Why Us?

 ## Tailored and customized martial arts training to meet your unique goals

 At our martial arts school, we don’t just teach techniques—we build confidence, discipline, and life skills. Our programs are designed to transform both the body and mind, offering a unique blend of traditional martial arts values and modern training methods. Led by experienced instructors, including a master who trained the Korean Army Academy, we focus on practical self-defense, fitness, and personal growth. Whether you’re looking to get fit, learn self-defense, or strengthen family bonds, we provide an encouraging environment that helps every student succeed. Join us and experience the difference!

 Get Started

 ### 5-Star Google Reviews

 Trusted and highly recommended by our students and their families. Experience the quality and dedication that sets us apart.

 ### Family-Friendly Programs

 Fun and engaging for all ages, from kids to adults, so the whole family can grow together. Strengthen family bonds while staying active.

 ### Confidence & Discipline

 Fun and engaging for all ages, from kids to adults, so the whole family can grow together. Strengthen family bonds while staying active.

 # The World Class Martial Arts Program

 #### Seasonal Camp

 Our camp is packed with the best fun and activities no one can copy! It’s not just about having fun, but about getting ahead in life.

 View Details

 #### After School Care

 Looking for a daycare that truly helps your child grow, supports their schoolwork, and keeps them physically fit? This program is for you

 View Details

 #### Kid’s Martial Arts

 The best program where your child becomes healthier, stronger, more confident, well-behaved, and focused— because it’s more than just exercise

 View Details

 #### Real-World Self-Defense

 While many martial arts have become sports with rules, But real-world fighting has no rules. Our program developed by a master who served as an instructor at the Korean Army Academy for over decades, this style is focused entirely on real-world self-defense.

 Our unique Hapkido combines techniques from Judo, Wrestling, Boxing, Taekwondo, Krav Maga, and more. This class introduces a whole new concept of self-defense, giving you the skills and confidence to handle any situation.

 View Details

 #### Regular Program

 Tailored for participants aged 8 and up, including kids, teens, adults, or even the entire family! Whether you’re looking to improve fitness, build self-confidence, or foster stronger family connections, our program offers a path for everyone.

 With a focus on long-term health and personal growth, it’s the perfect opportunity to make lasting changes. No matter your age or fitness level, it’s never too late to start living a healthier, more active life together!

 View Details

 ## Get In Touch Welcome to MT.Kim Spirit! Leave your name and email below along with what you are looking for in the message box. Or you can call us at 703-665-0906

 Parent Name
 Participant Name
 Age
 Email Address
 Select Program Select Program Kids Taekwondo Adult Taekwondo Family Taekwondo Hapkido Summer Camp
 Phone
 Message
 5 + 5 =

 Submit
