---
source_url: https://methodjj.com
final_url: https://www.methodjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:56.966Z
---

Home
 WHO WE ARE
 MEET THE TEAM
 MEMBERSHIPS
 Contact

 01
 05
 
 

 # METHOD-A SYSTEMATIC PROCEDURE, TECHNIQUE, OR MODE OF INQUIRY EMPLOYED BY OR PROPER TO A PARTICULAR DISCIPLINE OR ART. BEGIN YOUR JOURNEY

 ## GET 4 CLASSES FREESIGN UP HERE Curious about the benefits of jiu jitsu? Sign up for your free introductory classes here
 Name *
 Email *
 Phone number *

 Interested in... Kids Jiu Jitsu Adult Jiu Jitsu Dropping in as a visitor Trying a class to see how I like it Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 ## WHO WE ARE ## WHO WE ARE 01

 Method Jiu Jitsu offers world-class Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training in South Plainfield, NJ. Our academy welcomes beginners, hobbyists, and competitors from South Plainfield, Edison, Piscataway, and surrounding areas.
 Come in for 4 free trial classes! Lose some body fat, gain some friends, and get fit for life!

 ## MEET THE COACHES 02

 CHRISTOPHER MIGHTJiu Jitsu Black Belt ALCIDES ALEMANJiu Jitsu Black Belt NICOLE MATHEWJiu Jitsu Black Belt
 ## MEET THE COACHES

 ## FEATURED CLASSES 03

 Jiu jitsu

 NO GI JIU JITSU

 kids jiu jitsu

 KID’S CLASSES

 Method Jiu Jitsu is excited to announce the start of our kids program.

 We typically start around 5 years old.
 #### THE BENEFITS OF JIU JITSU FOR KIDS - Increases confidence
 - Increases bodily awareness
 - Decreases stress - Increases focus - Teaches self-defense & anti-bullying

 JOIN TODAY

 WHAT TO EXPECT

 It is highly suggested all new students utilize our free private introduction.

 During your introduction, we will go over and show you the basic positions and techniques used in learning Jiu Jitsu. Our Jiu Jitsu session starts with warm ups and exercises designed for practice, technique, instruction, and then supervised partner work. The final exercise in our session is controlled live sparring, or rolling as it is sometimes called. No one should feel compelled to participate in live training.

 What you will need
 At Method, we do gi and no-gi training. These are for sale here. We advise you to use compression clothes (rash guard/compression shorts or pants) below your gi. We recommend to use a cup and mouthpiece when live rolling.

 JOIN TODAY

 60
 MINUTES
 PER CLASS

 13
 CLASSES
 PER WEEK

 01
 UNITED
 GOAL

 ## Pricing ## memberships 04

 Unlimited Training Pricing

 Full Membership

 $145.00 / month
 

 13 Classes Per Week $145 /month

 ALL MEMBERSHIPS ARE MONTH TO MONTH , NO CONTRACTS

 JOIN TODAY
 Kids Pricing

 Full Membership

 $ 100.00 / month
 

 5 Classes Per Week $100 /month

 Unlimited Classes MONTH-TO-MONTH, NO CONTRACTS

 JOIN TODAY

 ## Schedule ## Schedule 05

 ## GET 4 CLASSES FREESIGN UP HERE Curious about the benefits of jiu jitsu? Sign up for your free introductory classes here
 Name *
 Email *
 Phone number *

 Interested in... Kids Jiu Jitsu Adult Jiu Jitsu Dropping in as a visitor Trying a class to see how I like it Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 chris@methodjj.com (732) 527-9614 2325 Plainfield Avenue
 South Plainfield, NJ 07080

 
 

 Contact Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
