---
source_url: http://www.teamroc.com
final_url: https://www.teamroc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:17.474Z
---

Skip to content # High quality martial arts training for ages 5+

 We work with people of all skill levels and value your success above all else.

 Call Us Now

 ##### SCHEDULE YOUR TRIAL TODAY

 Fill out the form, one of our coaches will contact you to get you registered for your first class.

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Phone Number
 Start training today!

 ##### Programs

 ## Programs & Classes

 At TEAM R.O.C., we combine expert instruction with a welcoming atmosphere. Choose from Kids Classes, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, and Wrestling to build skills, fitness, and confidence.

 Get Started

 ##### Kids Classes

 ##### Mixed Martial Arts

 ##### Gracie Jiu Jitsu

 ##### Wrestling

 ##### Why Choose Us

 ## Training at TEAM R.O.C.

 Experience training that challenges both body and mind. With skilled coaches and a team-driven atmosphere, TEAM R.O.C. helps you achieve peak performance and personal growth.

 ### Comprehensive Programs At Team R.O.C. we train all skill levels. Whether it's the first time you've stepped foot in a martial arts gym or you're a professional fighter, we have programs to fit your needs.

 ### Competitive Pricing We offer a range of packages to ensure you find a program that will fit your budget. Our front desk staff will walk you through our options to find the best fit.

 ### Quality Instruction Behind every successful athlete stands a great coach. Our coaches are experienced, knowledgeable and ready to help you reach your goals.

 ### Safe Environment We pledge to maintain a safe supportive environment where you can train with complete confidence. Avoid egos and intimidation while you focus on improving your skills with great training partners.

 ##### How It WOrks

 ## Getting Started Is Easy

 ## 1.

 ### Schedule a visit. Click the button below to schedule a gym visit to discuss class offerings and pricing.

 ## 2.

 ### Try out a class. Drop ins and trial packages are available so you can get a feel for the environment at Team ROC.

 ## 3.

 ### Become a member. Sign up for a membership program and continue your martial arts career with us.
