---
source_url: https://www.infinitebjjmd.com
final_url: https://infinitebjjmd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:24.068Z
---

301-525-8371

 info@ifcbjj.com

 Open hours: M-F 4pm-9pm, Sat 9am-12:30pm

 - About - ProgramsPre-K Martial ArtsKids Martial ArtsTeen Martial ArtsAdult Martial Arts - Schedule - Contact - Book Now - SUMMER CAMP

 UNLOCK YOUR POTENTIAL

 WITH INFINITE BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 WELCOME TO INFINITE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 Infinite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Gaithersburg is your premier center for martial arts excellence. Here, we embrace students of all ages, from young children to adults, providing a supportive environment where fitness, self-improvement, and self-defense skills are paramount. Our experienced instructors are dedicated to guiding each student through their martial arts journey, regardless of experience level. Emphasizing values like respect, discipline, and confidence, we ensure that your learning experience is not just about physical skills but also about personal growth. Take advantage of our free trial offer to experience the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Join us and become part of a community that is passionate about martial arts and personal development.

 JOIN US

 BJJ PROGRAMS

 BJJ CLASSES FOR EVERY SKILL LEVEL

 At Infinite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, our diverse martial arts classes are designed to energize and engage both adults and children. They're a perfect blend of fitness and focus enhancement, coupled with the empowering skill of self-defense. Join us to boost confidence and achieve fitness goals in a dynamic, supportive environment.

 Pre-K

 Kids

 Teen

 Adult

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL CLASS*

 COMMUNITY REVIEWS

 REAL RESULTS, REAL VOICES

 This place has honestly become my second home, i train here everyday even if I’m late. In the most non dramatic way, this place has saved my life, I have severe depression and if it weren’t for “infinite fighting concepts bjj” i don’t know where I would be right now, I came from hanging out on the block with gangs to having a brotherhood with people I haven’t known for a long time.

 Ivan H.

 Customer

 Professor Jeff and the rest of the coaches are great! Infinite BJJ definitely increased my son’s confidence and discipline in the past few years.

 JC

 Customer

 The best place to practice jiujitsu is one that you enjoy going to. That environment was provided by IFC. Instructors are friendly people who will always welcome you into their home.

 Liam A.

 Customer

 ABOUT US

 At Infinite Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're more than just a martial arts gym; we're a community dedicated to the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 HOURS OF OPERATION

 Mon-Fri: 4pm - 9pm

 Sat: 9am - 12:30pm

 QUESTIONS?

 Infinite Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 311 Muddy Branch Rd
 Gaithersburg, MD 20878

 301-525-8371

 info@ifcbjj.com

 Contact Us

 Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

 Copyright ©2024 All rights reserved

 *Free Trial Classes Only available to full-time Montgomery County area residents

 Powered by Zen Planner
