---
source_url: https://pangeajiujitsu.com/pjj/product/pangea-jiu-jitsu-academy-sweater-kids-hoodie/
final_url: https://pangeajiujitsu.com/pjj/product/pangea-jiu-jitsu-academy-sweater-kids-hoodie/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:22.300Z
---

# Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Sweater Kids Hoodie $ 40.00
 Sizes | Choose an optionADULT XSADULT SMALLADULT MEDIUMADULT LARGEADULT XLADULT 2XLADULT 3XLKIDS SMALLKIDS MEDIUMKIDS LARGE Color | Choose an optionBLACKCAMOTURQOISEClear
 Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Sweater Kids Hoodie quantity
 Add to cart

 SKU: N/A Category: Pangea Gear Tag: No Gi

 - Description - Additional information - Reviews (0)
 ## Description Custom Academy Kids Sweater Hoodie
 Features:
 - Classic fit - Split stitch double needle sewing on all seams - Jersey lined hood - Twill neck tape - 1×1 ribbing at cuffs & waistband - No drawcord - Tearaway label
 Fabric:
 - 8.5 oz.(CA), 80/20 cotton/polyester blend fleece with 100% cotton face, 20 singles

 ## Additional information Sizes | ADULT XS, ADULT SMALL, ADULT MEDIUM, ADULT LARGE, ADULT XL, ADULT 2XL, ADULT 3XL, KIDS SMALL, KIDS MEDIUM, KIDS LARGE Color | BLACK, CAMO, TURQOISE Shipping & Delivery | During checkout, you will be prompted to choose a shipping method for your item(s). (Please note, some items may offer only one shipping method). All shipping times below are shipping travel times and are in business days and excludes holidays and weekends. In addition to the travel shipping times, custom Items will take 3-4 business days for production before leaving the warehouse. Orders in USA: UPS Ground – 1-5 business days to deliver it. The delivery time is shorter or longer depending on your proximity to California. UPS Next Day Air Saver – 1 business day to deliver it. The delivery time is shorter or longer depending on your proximity to California. UPS Second Day Air – 2 business days to deliver it. The delivery time is shorter or longer depending on your proximity to California. UPS Three Day Select – 3 business days to deliver it. The delivery time is shorter or longer depending on your proximity to California. USPS Priority – 4-5 business days to deliver it. The delivery time is shorter or longer depending on your proximity to California. USPS is not as reliable as UPS and in some cases it can take longer than 5 business days. Please note that Break Point is not responsible for the shipping, delivery, once it is handed over to the selected carrier, the responsibility lies with them. We strongly recommend that our customers do NOT select USPS unless you have to, as it’s not as reliable as UPS. Reviews | Customer Reviews Based on 3 reviews Write a review

 ## Reviews There are no reviews yet.

 Be the first to review “Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Sweater Kids Hoodie” Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
 Your rating * Rate… Perfect Good Average Not that bad Very poor
 Your review *
 Name *
 Email *
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 ## Related products - Pangea Jiu Jitsu All Black Custom Rash Guards Long Sleeves A $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Hats $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Gi – Black and Blue $120.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu All Black Custom Rash Guards Short Sleeves A $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page
