---
source_url: https://pangeajiujitsu.com/pjj
final_url: https://pangeajiujitsu.com/pjj/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:25.607Z
---

ABOUT

 PROGRAMS

 SCHEDULE

 REVIEWS

 CONTACT

 START TRAINING
 SHOP

 ## PANGEA JIU JITSU
 #### Jiu Jitsu For Everyone #### Para Todos
 Discover The Best Martial Arts Gym In Lakewood, CO
 #### Raised on DIY #### Driven by community
 Start Training
 View Schedule
 Welcome to Pangea Jiu-Jitsu, Lakewood’s home for empowering martial arts, self-defense, and comprehensive fitness training. We pride ourselves on offering expert Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for both adults and children, fostering a vibrant community of dedicated practitioners. Experience our welcoming environment firsthand with our LIMITED TIME OFFER: Free Trial for new members

 Discover our range of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu programs tailored for every skill level and age group.

 Book A Free Trial
 Sign Up
 View Programs
 Discover The Best Martial Arts Gym In Lakewood, CO
 ### Our Programs

 ## KIDS Jiu Jitsu
 Classes Ages 4 – 13 yrs old

 ## ADULTS Jiu Jitsu
 Fundamentals and Beginners to Advanced Classes – Gi and No Gi

 ## OPEN MAT
 All Levels – Gi and No Gi

 ### Pangea Jiu Jitsu ### MISSION
 We are a collective of practitioners with a vision of making Jiu jitsu accessible to anyone who has ever had an interest in Jiu Jitsu, or just wants to improve some aspects of their current practice, and we seek to progress the art by offering opportunities for learning through open mats, seminars, and functional training with Kettlebells and Yoga for grapplers.
 Some of the CORE philosophies of Pangea Jiu Jitsu are based on my belief that Jiu Jitsu is for EVERYONE , and on my experiences training over the past 20 years with everyone from world class competitors to brand new beginners. These values include:
 - Respect for all who step onto the mats as training partners and students - Creating a FUN learning environment for EVERYONE - A commitment to Safe Training - Mat Hygiene - And creating a space for all to make progress on their journey

 Book A Free Trial

 ### Schedule
 Train consistently. Grow steadily.

 ## Monday
 Little Rockers (4-8yrs) 5:30 PM – 6:15 PM

 Adults BJJ All Levels (Gi) 6:30 PM – 8 PM

 ## Tuesday
 Adults All Levels (No Gi) 7 PM – 8:30 PM

 ## Wednesday
 Adults Fundamentals and All Levels 12 :30 PM – 2 PM

 Little Rockers (4-8yrs) 5:30 PM – 6:15 PM

 Adults BJJ All Levels (Gi) 6:30 PM – 7:30 PM

 Adults BJJ Fundamentals (Gi) 7:30 PM – 8:30 PM

 ## Thursday
 Adults All Levels (No Gi) 6:30 PM – 8 PM

 ## Friday
 Tappy Hour (Open Mat) 5:30 PM – 7 PM

 ## Saturday
 Little Rockers (4-8yrs) 9:45 AM – 10:30 AM

 Fundamentals 10:30 AM – 11:30AM

 Open Mat 11:30 AM – 1 PM

 ## Sunday
 Open Mat 1PM – 2:30PM

 ## PANGEA GEAR
 Official gear from the Pangea Jiu Jitsu community.

 - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Gi – Black and Blue $120.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Gi – White $110.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu All Black Custom Rash Guards Long Sleeves A $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu All Black Custom Rash Guards Short Sleeves A $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu All Black Ranked Short Sleeve Rash Guards $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Pull Over Hoodies $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Sweater Kids Hoodie $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Zip-Up Hoodies $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Academy Hats $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page - Pangea Jiu Jitsu Custom No Gi Shorts $40.00 Select options This product has multiple variants. The options may be chosen on the product page

 ## Contact Us
 Call us at 720-819-5204

 2099 Wadsworth Blvd Unit D, Lakewood, CO 80214

 ⭐Check Out Our Google Reviews!!
