---
source_url: https://renzogracieevolution.com/programs/
final_url: https://renzogracieevolution.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:30.807Z
---

OUR PROGRAMS
 ## MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAMS – BJJ, Muay Thai/Kickboxing & Hapkido in Chatsworth Explore our programs: BJJ, Muay Thai/Kickboxing, Hapkido for kids & adults plus CrossFit/Fitness+. Find the perfect class and start training today

 Tiny Tigers Hapkido (4-6)
 Empower your child through our martial arts classes. Fueling their boundless curiosity and energy, we offer expert guidance, vibrant learning, and endless fun.
 View Program

 Juniors Hapkido (6-15)
 Give your kids the cool perks of confidence, discipline, winning at life, and knowing how to stand up for themselves!
 View Program

 Adults Hapkido (16+)
 Experience our Chatsworth adult martial arts classes – a perfect blend of fitness, self-defense, and enjoyment.
 View Program

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (18+)
 Are you ready to elevate your life and well-being? Explore the numerous physical, mental, and social benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Renzo Gracie Evolution.
 View Program

 Muay Thai/Kickboxing (18+)
 Discover the power of Muay Thai at Renzo Gracie Evolution in Chatsworth, where every class is a step towards mastery, strength, and confidence.
 View Program

 EVO Fitness+/CrossFit (16+)
 Join us at Renzo Gracie Evolution for EVO Fitness classes that blend fun, intensity, and community.
 View Program

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Tiny Tigers Hapkido (4-6) Juniors Hapkido (6-15) Adults Hapkido (16+) Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (18+) Muay Thai/Kickboxing (18+) EVO Fitness+/CrossFit (16+) -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Renzo Gracie Evolution to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
