---
source_url: https://renzogracieevolution.com
final_url: https://renzogracieevolution.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:32.573Z
---

- - - - -

 5.0 Rating

 - - - - -

 4.6 Rating

 # Renzo Gracie Evolution BJJ, Muay Thai & Kickboxing, Hapkido & Fitness/CrossFit in the San Fernando Valley Join our premier martial-arts academy in the heart of the San Fernando Valley, Chatsworth, CA, for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai/Kickboxing, Hapkido & Fitness. All ages welcome – schedule a free trial!

 Select a Program

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Tiny Tigers Hapkido (4-6) Juniors Hapkido (6-15) Adults Hapkido (16+) Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (18+) Muay Thai/Kickboxing (18+) EVO Fitness+/CrossFit (16+) -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Renzo Gracie Evolution to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 MARTIAL ARTS IN Chatsworth
 ## WELCOME TO Renzo Gracie Evolution We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Renzo Gracie Evolution, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 OUR PROGRAMS
 ## MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN Chatsworth Looking for the right martial arts class? Check out Renzo Gracie Evolution's variety of programs, designed for all ages and skills. Pick one to get more details and kickstart your journey.

 Tiny Tigers Hapkido (4-6)
 Empower your child through our martial arts classes. Fueling their boundless curiosity and energy, we offer expert guidance, vibrant learning, and endless fun.
 View Program

 Juniors Hapkido (6-15)
 Give your kids the cool perks of confidence, discipline, winning at life, and knowing how to stand up for themselves!
 View Program

 Adults Hapkido (16+)
 Experience our Chatsworth adult martial arts classes – a perfect blend of fitness, self-defense, and enjoyment.
 View Program

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (18+)
 Are you ready to elevate your life and well-being? Explore the numerous physical, mental, and social benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Renzo Gracie Evolution.
 View Program

 Muay Thai/Kickboxing (18+)
 Discover the power of Muay Thai at Renzo Gracie Evolution in Chatsworth, where every class is a step towards mastery, strength, and confidence.
 View Program

 EVO Fitness+/CrossFit (16+)
 Join us at Renzo Gracie Evolution for EVO Fitness classes that blend fun, intensity, and community.
 View Program

 Renzo Gracie Evolution REVIEWS
 ## See what our members say See what our members are saying! Browse through the reviews to get a glimpse of the Renzo Gracie Evolution experience straight from our community.

 Patiko Mireles
 Some of the best coaches my granddaughter Madison & my son Kenneth and now my son Anthony 🥰 have had the privilege to learn under and enjoying the hardworking environment the location has an established, exceptionally happy to be a part in the bjj community. They started with Coach Malachi and now with Coach Walter, Coach Pedro, Coach Cris, Coach Carlos and Coach Sheryl bring so much passion and knowledge into the place it’s makes it comfortable like home. Since joining my granddaughter’s and my son’s confidence have sky rocketed, I am very proud of being a BJJ mom/grandmother. Honestly I am very happy and grateful that my boys and grand baby are a part of the BJJ family 💙 thank you very much.

 colby chan
 The classes are well-structured, catering to all skill levels from beginners to advanced practitioners. The facility is clean and well-maintained, with plenty of space for training. What stands out the most is the supportive and friendly atmosphere. Everyone, from the staff to fellow students, is encouraging and respectful, making it a great environment for learning and growing.

 Joseph Vargas
 I tried another local Jiu Jitsu academy but felt unsafe and did not feel like I was learning much. I did the trial class for Renzo Gracie East LA and knew I found my new home. I felt safe training with people I have never met before and could see clear techniques and concepts being taught from feet to floor. Coach Malachy and coach Walter have been excellent teachers and coaches in this sport. And they have helped my Jiu Jitsu immensely. All training partners here are safe and fun to roll with. A great learning environment. No matter what level you are.

 Millennial_Mommyof7
 Great environment, loving and supportive staff! My seven kids train as well as my husband and I. We are so thrilled we found a gym that is so welcoming. We love it there. Head coach Walter is AWESOME!

 brad theobald
 I’ve gone to this gym for a year with my 7 kids and wife. Amazing atmosphere. Even my littlest 4 year old loves the coaches and can defend herself. My 12 year old daughter got attacked at school and was able to successfully defend herself and dominate the situation in a safe way. Highly recommend this gym. Also coach Walter and the kids coaches are great with the kids.

 Anthony Salazar
 Some of the best coaches I’ve had the privilege to learn under and enjoying the hardworking environment the location has an established, exceptionally happy to be a part in the bjj community. Coach Walter, Coach Pedro, Coach Cris, Coach Carlos and Coach Sheryl bring so much passion and knowledge into the place it’s makes it comfortable like home. Since joining ky daughter’s confidence has sky rocketed, thank you.

 Oliver Klein
 Can’t say enough good things about this gym! I’ve been training for about 7 years and the instruction and coaching here is second to none. It’s a great community to be a part of and I was really proud to have earned my purple belt at a gym where the coaches and professors hold you to a high standard. Everyone shares their knowledge and really grows together. It has been amazing to watch the progress of new practitioners, going from day one white belts to tough rolls and medal winners. The kids classes are also the best around. Whether in the adult or kids classes, you can really tell that the coaches are passionate, up to speed on the latest jiu jitsu that is working in high level competitions, and genuinely care about each of the students and their success. One of my favorite things about this gym is how minimal the space is. There are no tvs, pictures, other distractions…just a few plants, a wall of medals, a huge mat space with awesome Dollamur Swain mats, and big windows bringing in natural light — when you’re here you can really focus on your jiu jitsu and building a community of great training partners and friends.

 Christopher Leon
 Truly been a pleasure training and being a part of this amazing gym. The coaches bring a level of passion and detail to every class that makes me feel like I’m always learning but I’m also doing it safely. I recommend this gym to everyone and anyone!

 Kristen Theobald
 Very welcoming, clear instructed, and family friendly environment. My whole family including my seven siblings have been training at this gym for almost half a year and it is very helpful to all of us. Very good confidence boost and good connection with everyone in the gym.

 COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
 ## PROVIDING HIGH-QUALITY MARTIAL ARTS
 Chatsworth, CA

 Porter Ranch, CA

 San Fernando, CA

 Agoura Hills, CA

 Simi Valley, CA

 Granada Hills, CA

 Reseda, CA

 Winnetka, CA

 Northridge, CA

 Santa Clarita, CA

 OUR BLOG
 ## HELPFUL TIPS FROM Renzo Gracie Evolution Whether you’re a beginner eager to learn, a parent seeking to empower your child, or just curious about the art, our blog is your go-to source for valuable guidance and inspiration. Dive into our posts and embark on a journey to enhance your skills and well-being!

 What Exactly is Hapkido?
 What Exactly is Hapkido? If you have been following martial arts or doing some research on them, you’ve probably come across styles like Taekwondo, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Karate. But one martial art you may not be too familiar with is Hapkido. Hapkido is a traditional Korean martial art that focuses and emphasizes […]
 READ MORE »

 10 Benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for Adults
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu: More Than Just Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is one of the fastest-growing martial arts in the world, and for good reason. Whether you’re looking to get in shape, reduce stress, or learn effective self-defense, BJJ offers a full range of physical, mental, and lifestyle benefits. At Renzo Gracie Evolution in […]
 READ MORE »

 New Home in Chattsworth
 Renzo Gracie Evolution We are excited to announce the grand opening of our brand-new gym location in Chatsworth! Mark your calendars for September 14th, as we open our doors to the community for a day of celebration, fun, and martial arts. This new facility represents a significant milestone for our academy, and we can’t wait […]
 READ MORE »
