---
source_url: http://www.nmjj.com
final_url: https://www.nmjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:01.673Z
---

# Next Move Jiu Jitsu #### Get in shape, build confidence, change your life Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome! ## Next Move Jiu Jitsu
 Next Move Jiu Jitsu in Rio Rancho, New Mexico, we pride ourselves on offering a high-level Jiu Jitsu program under the guidance of our IBJJF Certified 2nd-degree black belt, Jason Howells, and his dedicated leadership team. Next Move Jiu Jitsu is an IBJJF Certified Academy.
 Our focus is on building confidence and strength while making a positive impact in our Rio Rancho, Albuquerque, Bernalillo, and surrounding communities. We emphasize a culture centered around strategy and intelligence, which not only supports our students on the mats but also in their everyday lives. Our goal is to cultivate a mindset that empowers our students to be “2 Moves Ahead” in all areas of life.

 ## Experience Next Move Jiu Jitsu today with a One Week FREE Trial! PLUS be entered into a drawing to receive 1 Month of FREE Tuition for any Child, Teen, or Adult.

 Sign Up Today!

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Next Move Jiu Jitsu, we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## About Us At Next Move Jiu Jitsu, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Here at Next Move Jiu Jitsu, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Confidence Our martial arts training will leave you feeling strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ##### Growth Martial arts isn’t just about reaching your black belt – it’s the perfect place for self-growth.

 ##### Leadership We carefully select our staff, providing students with a team of highly-trained instructors and mentors.

 ##### Composure When you’re upset or out of control, it’s easy to let your emotions run the show. We teach you to practice self-control in difficult situations.

 ##### Determination In order to be a great martial artist, students must learn to persevere. Giving up isn’t an option!

 ##### Results Sick of setting goals and never accomplishing them? Join martial arts and start seeing results.

 #####

 ## Check Out What Our Students Are Saying

 You won't find a more family oriented, inclusive martial arts gym than Next Move Jiujitsu. The comfort my wife and daughters have there is incredible and something very rare...

 Zakk L. , Google

 Professor Jason and his team are building something special and I’d highly recommend you come check it out. The classes are great for all ages and skill level! Come in and give it!

 Pete J. , Google

 Next Move is not your typical Jiu Jitsu gym. The culture here is one built on the value of growth and family. They focus on leaving a positive impact in every students lives…

 Mario Z , Google

 5 stars is not enough. Next Move jiu-jitsu has just been a blessing! Extremely clean and professional setup with absolutely amazing coaches.

 M. James , Google

 This place is great! The instructor's are very down to earth, but teach top-tier Jiu Jitsu and wrestling! Very family oriented me the wife and both kids attend.

 Duwayne W. , Google

 ## Experience Next Move Jiu Jitsu today with a One Week FREE Trial! PLUS be entered into a drawing to receive 1 Month of FREE Tuition for any Child, Teen, or Adult.

 Sign Up Today!

 ### Contact Us Today! Ready to take the first step towards accomplishing your physical and personal goals? Try Next Move Jiu Jitsu and experience the benefits of Jiu Jitsu for yourself.

 (505) 414-2642
 staff@nmjj.com
 3301 Southern Blvd SE Ste 501, Rio Rancho, NM 87124
 Get Directions

 ### Next Move Jiu Jitsu 3301 Southern Blvd SE Ste 501, Rio Rancho, NM 87124
 Get Directions
