---
source_url: http://www.spectrumfitnessminot.com/
final_url: https://spectrumfitnessminot.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:30.591Z
---

## Group Fitness and Martial Arts in Minot, ND Whether you are new to exercise or an experienced athlete, Spectrum Fitness is the right place for you. We are a diverse community with a culture focused on fun and hard work. Our team will help you reach your goals and get into the best shape of your life, without a doubt.
 Have any questions? Click the button below to give us a call!

 Call (701) 509-2260

 ## About Us

 Unlike traditional ‘gyms’ within Minot, ND, Spectrum Fitness will provide three main fitness areas that are all unique in their own ways. The vision for Spectrum Fitness is the culmination of two decades of individual work and private endeavors by both owners, Michael and Rachelle. Each has had a passion for fitness, sports competition, and martial arts as they have pursued many athletic goals and milestones in their lives.
 Our method of getting you where you want to go is why Spectrum Fitness is unique. Our greatest strength lies in the opportunity to provide a wide variety of fitness classes and training opportunities by highly qualified and certified instructors within one facility. Spectrum will exist to walk with our clients on their fitness journey, not just sign them up for a ‘gym’ membership and let them go it alone. We don’t have a weight room, but we do have certified instructors that will lead you through every workout, and classes that are unique to Minot. We have everything you need – knowledge, experience and a great community. Ask us how you can become a part of the Spectrum Fitness family!

 Book a Class Now!

 ## Our Upcoming Events

 There are no upcoming events at this time.

 See All Our Events
 - Group Fitness Classes - People who Care - Sparkling Clean - Martial Arts
 We design our clubs to give you the most awesome workouts possible. That’s why our dedicated group fitness studios are four walls of innovative, ass-kicking, fun.

 We’re more than just incredible facilities. We’re instructors, trainers, and staff that live for your post-workout high-fives.

 Our gyms & dojos are not only filled to the brim with awesome equipment, they’re squeaky clean.

 In person martial arts training, we don’t just teach techniques; we cultivate discipline and resilience, forging a stronger spirit within each student.

 #### Our Core Values

 #### COURAGEOUS We are COURAGEOUS in our commitment to change lives through our example.

 #### ACTIVE We are ACTIVE in our pursuit to build finishers.

 #### RESPECTFUL We are RESPECTFUL towards everyone, regardless of where they are in their fitness journey.

 #### POSITIVE We are POSITIVE in our attitudes towards challenges we face while helping others.

 #### ENGAGED We are ENGAGED in every call, and in every personal interaction.

 #### DEDICATED We are DEDICATED in our desire to bring meaningful change to Minot.

 #### INNOVATIVE We are INNOVATIVE in our approach to group and family fitness.

 #### EVERYONE We believe EVERYONE matters.

 #### MOTIVATED We are MOTIVATED to making our members fall in love with Spectrum

 ### Visit us and you will see for yourself. We want you to leave our facility feeling better than ever. Our holistic approach to fitness training sets us apart from other exercise facilities. Our core values look at the big picture to embody this approach and redefine what a gym can be. Spectrum’s goal is to be on the cutting edge of fitness trends while making you a unique part of our community.

 Book a Class Now!

 #### Energy is for Everyone Believe in the power of a motivating group fitness community.

 
 ### CHISEL IT Sculpt the muscles on your muscles.

 
 ### The Ride Ride Spin me right round, baby! Get in the saddle, gear up and channel your inner cyclist.

 
 ### Action Sports Your heart rate is about to raise the roof with our action-packed classes.

 #### Goals are Made to be Crushed Train with our experts to drive your results.
