---
source_url: http://www.spectrumfitnessminot.com/Group%20Fitness
final_url: https://spectrumfitnessminot.com/Group%20Fitness/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:30.686Z
---

# Group Fitness & Classes Join our dynamic group fitness classes designed to boost your energy, improve your health, and keep you motivated. Explore a variety of workouts that cater to all fitness levels.

 ## Where Community Becomes Family

 Our group fitness classes at Spectrum Fitness are more than just workouts—they are experiences. Feel the rush of endorphins as you sweat it out with like-minded individuals in a supportive and high-energy environment. Our expert instructors guide you through each session, ensuring you get the most out of every move.
 Call with any questions you have below!

 Join Our Class
 Call (701) 509-2260

 ## Group Fitness Classes

 At Spectrum Fitness, we offer a diverse range of group fitness classes designed to cater to all fitness levels and goals. Whether you’re looking to build strength, improve cardiovascular health, or find a new way to stay active, we have a class for you. Our classes are the following: Spin, Spin & Suffering, Bootcamp, Pilates, and Pilates & Burn. Each class is led by experienced instructors who are dedicated to helping you achieve your fitness goals in a supportive and motivating environment.
 Yoga class coming soon!

 JOIN OUR CLASS

 #### Benefits of Group Fitness

 #### Community Support Experience the power of a supportive community that motivates and encourages you to reach your fitness goals.

 #### Increased Motivation Stay motivated with the energy and enthusiasm of group workouts, led by our passionate instructors.

 #### Accountability Enjoy the accountability that comes with group fitness classes, helping you stay committed to your fitness journey.

 ### Visit us and you will see for yourself. We want you to leave our facility feeling better than ever. Our holistic approach to fitness training sets us apart from other exercise facilities. Our core values look at the big picture to embody this approach and redefine what a gym can be. Spectrum’s goal is to be on the cutting edge of fitness trends while making you a unique part of our community.

 JOIN OUR CLASS
