---
source_url: http://www.clarksuniversity.com/programs/kids-classes
final_url: https://www.clarksuniversity.com/programs/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:29.361Z
---

## martial arts programs for kidS
 ### Empowering the next generation Discover our four specialized programs tailored for kids: Little Ninjas, Black Belt Club, Samurais, and Muay Thai. Each designed to nurture discipline, confidence, and respect.

 ## Benefits of martial arts
 ### Cultivating skills beyond the mat Our martial arts classes go beyond physical fitness, enhancing coordination, problem-solving, and promoting a healthy, active lifestyle. Engage your child in a discipline that supports academic and extracurricular success.

 ## Martial art Programs
 ### Cultivating skills beyond the mat
 ## Reach Out Interested in signing up for classes? Fill out the following information so we can get you in for a tour of the studio and a free week trial.

 First name
 Last name

 Email
 Phone
 Age groups Little Ninjas Ages 7 - 10 Samurais 11 - 14 Muay Thai 14 and under Black Belt Club 7 -10
 Message

 Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

 Ages 5–6
 2 days/week

 #### Little Dragons Join our energetic crew of Little Dragons for a fun intro to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu! Through games and activities, your child will build confidence, coordination, and teamwork while learning basic self-defense skills. It's a great way to burn energy and make new friends in a safe, supportive environment.
 ‍
 Monday & Wednesday 3:00 to 3:40

 Inquire about a free trial

 Ages 5–6
 2 days/week

 #### Little Pandas Join our energetic crew of Little Dragons for a fun intro to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu! Through games and activities, your child will build confidence, coordination, and teamwork while learning basic self-defense skills. It's a great way to burn energy and make new friends in a safe, supportive environment.
 ‍
 Tuesday & Thursday 3:00 to 3:40

 Inquire about a free trial

 Ages 7-10
 2 days/week

 #### Black Belt Club Tailored for young martial artists aspiring to master Jiu Jitsu, this program emphasizes self-discipline, respect, and defense skills in a dynamic, enjoyable environment. It sets ambitious monthly goals and uses curriculum-based testing alongside supportive instructional videos to guide students on their journey to black belt excellence.

 Monday & Wednesday 3:45 to 4:45

 Inquire about a free trial

 Ages 7–10
 2 days/week

 #### Little Ninjas The Little Ninjas program is where fun and martial arts meet, emphasizing self-discipline, respect, and self-defense. Recognition through the black and red belt marks progress, encouraging the right attitude and assertiveness. Our comprehensive curriculum includes monthly goals, testing, and instructional videos, making it the perfect start for newcomers to martial arts.

 Tuesday & Thursday 3:45 to 4:45

 Inquire about a free trial

 Ages 11-14
 3 days/week

 #### Samurais For kids seeking an alternative to traditional sports, the Samurais program tackles middle school challenges by fostering respect, courage, and positivity. It offers a supportive environment to learn and grow, with monthly goals, curriculum-based testing, and instructional videos designed to build confidence and community respect.

 Monday, Wednesday, & Friday 4:45 to 5:45

 Inquire about a free trial

 Ages 11-14
 3 days/week

 #### Shoguns For kids looking to grow beyond the basics, the Shoguns program builds confidence, focus, and responsibility in a fun and supportive setting. With exciting challenges, clear monthly goals, and interactive lessons, kids learn discipline and teamwork while reaching new milestones. The program helps Shoguns strengthen their skills, build lasting friendships, and develop the positive mindset needed to succeed both on the mat and in everyday life.

 Tuesday, Thursday, & Friday 4:45 to 5:45

 Inquire about a free trial

 Ages 9-14
 1 day/week

 #### Muay Thai A program for kids showing discipline, respect, and a positive outlook. It introduces them to the effective art of 8 limbs, focusing on self-defense techniques using hands, elbows, knees, and feet. Beyond physical skills, it immerses them in Thai culture, enriching their martial arts journey. With monthly goals and supportive instructional videos, this class guides students towards mastery and self-confidence.
 ‍
 Saturday 9:00 to 10:00

 Inquire about a free trial

 Jamie Kozlowski

 Coach Ryan Clark is a huge inspiration has a great head on his shoulders teaches more than jiu-jitsu such as breathing techniques and how to deal with anxiety. He is very involved in everyone's lives in the gym and out of the gym. He trains all of his coaches to be top-notch leaders. This is hands-down the best gym in town. When I have a bad day every time I come into jiu-jitsu here at Clarks University I get a huge Kool-Aid smile on my face as I see everyone and their smiles as well. I would highly recommend this gym to anyone and everyone. Thank you Ryan Clark for having an amazing facility and staff!

 Kyle Chaquico

 Nothing but positive things to say about this gym. Without hesitation a 5/5 star experience on a weekly basis. Beautiful gym that’s large and always clean, extremely knowledgeable coach who intricate and patient and a community of people who are just amazing and kind. I recommend this spot to anyone who has an interest in martial arts.

 Jessica Pacheco

 Clarks has amazing teachers who are extremely professional and highly trained. My children are thriving and learning so much! Every time we have class my boys are extremely excited to go. The best part is how well the coaches communicate with the kids. My boys understand exactly what they need to do to thrive in this great sport. This gym is truly worth the time and money, we highly recommend this place. Thank you Clarks for doing an outstanding job!

 ## FAQs
 ### Kids Classes Questions and Answers

 Is Muay Thai suitable for all family members?

 Absolutely! Our classes are tailored for diverse age groups and fitness levels, ensuring a rewarding experience for every family member.

 What is your approach to safety during training?

 Safety is our top priority. All classes are led by certified instructors with a focus on teaching proper techniques and ensuring a safe training environment for all students.

 Can parents watch their children during classes?

 Absolutely. We have a dedicated area where parents can comfortably watch their children learn and grow in their martial arts journey.

 What age groups do you cater to?

 We offer classes for children and adults, with programs tailored to the specific needs and learning styles of different age groups, from young kids to seniors.

 Do you offer programs for beginners?

 Yes, we have programs specifically designed for beginners in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai, regardless of age. Our aim is to make martial arts accessible to everyone, including those who have never thought they would step into a martial arts class.

 What makes Clarks University different from other martial arts schools?

 Our inclusive culture and community set us apart. We welcome individuals from all walks of life, aiming to transform lives through martial arts. Our unique approach encourages students to leave daily stresses at the door, creating a positive environment for growth.

 How can martial arts benefit me or my child?

 Martial arts at Clarks University go beyond physical fitness; we focus on personal growth, discipline, and building a supportive community. Our programs for kids and adults foster confidence, respect, and self-defense skills, contributing to overall well-being.

 ## Join our family
 ### Empower your child with martial arts Get a free trial
