---
source_url: https://www.denverjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://denverjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:56.793Z
---

- Follow - Follow - Follow

 # RODRIGO SALAZAR BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU BLACK BELT

 RODRIGO SALAZAR BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU BLACK BELT
 Hailing from Porto Alegre, Brazil, Rodrigo Salazar embarked on his journey to the United States in 2000. With over two decades of unparalleled experience in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Rodrigo stands as an exceptional and unmatched instructor in this martial art. His training under the world-renowned former world champion, Red and Black Belt instructor Fabio Santos, culminated in the prestigious black belt he holds today.
 Since 2008, Rodrigo Salazar has been dedicatedly training law enforcement agencies across the USA and South America. His expertise has been shared through numerous seminars, including ones with renowned figures like Relson Gracie, the creator of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Helio Gracie’s second oldest son. Having lived in Europe, Hawaii, and California before settling in Denver, CO in 2009, Rodrigo took the initiative to establish the first Relson Gracie School in the area.
 The Denver Jiu-Jitsu schools founded and operated by Rodrigo Salazar have a singular focus: to impart “street effective techniques” to their students. These skills are geared towards survival situations where conventional rules do not apply. Rodrigo plays an instrumental role in supervising and teaching at both the Central and Aurora/DTC Academies.
 As an instructor, Rodrigo Salazar is known for his affable nature and patient teaching style. He places special emphasis on attention to detail, ensuring that his students grasp the intricacies of the art. Beyond the fighting arena, his classes promote critical thinking skills that prove invaluable in various aspects of life.
 Rodrigo’s passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and his dedication to empowering his students make him an exceptional guide on the path of self-defense and personal growth.

 Best place in Denver to train! If you want to learn BJJ you might as well lean from the best Rodrigo Salazar!
 Google Reviews

 MMA Meltdown

 ## JIU JITSU SELF DEFENSE ### since 2009.

 MusclePharm Denver

 ## ESTUDANTs Testimonials

 Denver Jiu Jitsu IS THE BEST PLACE EVER!!!
 is a comfortable facility run by professionals who make you feel like family.I’ve been working out there for 6 months now and I can honestly say the trainers invest their time in each person,and provide friendly guidance.The equipment is modern,they work with my busy schedule and the whole atmosphrere is welcoming, Jiu Jitsu gym workout compliment my crossfit training, the knowledge coaches/trainers help elevate my level os fitness by undestanding my crossfit workouts as well as my personal heath goals.
 Google Reviews

 Fran Dantas

 GROUP ON DEAL
 I have been training Brazilian jiu jitsu for almost two years now with Denver jiu jitsu and Rodrigo Salazar and I hope to be training with Rodrigo Salazar until I get my black belt and beyond, Rodrigo knows the Real Brazilian jiu jitsu self defense that can be used for competition, MMA and real life situations on the streets. I also tried other BJJ schools but not once it was mentioned the self defense aspect of the Brazilian, so I went back to Denver jiu Jitsu and here I am today. that is a peace of advise I give to you if you want to learn some Real Brazilian jiu jitsu come to Denver jiu jitsu.
 Google Reviews

 Rodrigo Dias

 Rodrigo Salazar and Fabio Santos BJJ Coral.

 Denver Jiu-Jitsu is first class. If you feel you are the best Rodrigo Salazar can help make you better need to be a better competitor Ethan and Rod can help you. Teaching and keeping it simple. They make you go hard and have adv elevated focus also Mui-Tai and kickboxing guaranteed to advance when Tate Z. believe it they help you believe in you and Don’t pamper you like a sweet momma.
 Google Reviews

 Jered Scurlock

 For anyone who trains jiu jitsu finding the right club is essential. At Denver Jiu-Jitsu you not only will find excellent instruction provided by Rodrigo Salazar but a community of people who embodies the Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle instilled by Rodrigo. I travel for work and thankfully the flexible schedule allows me to train at different times throughout the day. I must mention, the mats are always clean every day. Amazing instruction from Rodrigo, great community, flexible hours, clean mats are a winning combination.
 Google Reviews

 Rafael Huerta

 There are three essential qualities to being a good coach: knowledge, the ability to effectively share and communicate that knowledge, and the desire of the coach to make his (or her) students better than him (or her). Professor Rodrigo Salazar brings all these qualities to the academy every time he instructs. Always taking into account the level and background (if any) of the student, Professor Salazar uses a sincere and focused method of instruction with each student every time he teaches. In addition to his abilities and competencies as a coach, the academy itself is always a fun and productive enviroment in which to learn, excel and succeed. The consistent progression his students show is testament to his proficiency as a coach.
 Google Reviews

 Justin Cowles

 Rodrigo Salazar MMA Masters Miami.

 After Class Review

 ## JIU JITSU FOR REAL LIFE

 ##

 ##

 Z
 #### SELF DEFENSE COURSE

 Z
 #### JIU JITSU BASICS

 Z
 #### JIU JITSU ADVANCED

 # Jiu Jitsu Self Defense

 # Street Fighting

 # Easy Take Downs

 # Distance Assessment

 # Safe Transitions

 # Top Control

 ## ## ## ## ## ## ## ## ## ## ## LEARN JIU JITSU ## TO USE IN REAL LIFE SITUATIONS

 Get Started

 ## Classes

 ## Mon 7:30pm 7

 ## Wed 7:30pm

 ## Thur 7:00pm

 ## Pricing Plans

 ## jiu jitsu self defense
 $ 299 / 2 people
 Get Started

 ## Street fight class
 $ 199 / 2 people
 Get Started

 ## grappling
 $ 99 / 2 people
 Get Started

 ## LAW ENFORCEMENT

 ## Success!
 Name
 Email
 Submit

 DENVER JIU JITSU CENTRAL
 (720) 295-0255
 6750 E Chenango Ave 35
 Denver, CO, 80237

 DENVER JIU JITSU DTC
 (720) 295-0255
 10200 E Girard Ave
 Denver, CO, 80231

 IOWA LAKES JIU JITSU
 (712) 592-1471
 122 South Market Street
 Lake Park, Iowa 51347
