---
source_url: https://totalbjj.co.uk/class-schedule/
final_url: https://totalbjj.co.uk/class-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:49.821Z
---

# Class Schedule

 BOOK YOUR FREE BJJ CLASS

 VIEW OUR CLASSES

 ### Total Class Schedule

 (click to enlarge)

 ### Guide to Classes

 (click to enlarge)

 ### Guide For visitors

 #### We welcome visitors here at Total Brazilian Jiu-jitsu

 If you train elsewhere and are in the Nottingham area, then feel free to come and visit us at Total BJJ.
 If you are visiting for our Saturday Open Mat, then there is NO FEE!
 We do have a limit on the number of people in the building. Occasionally, we may have to turn people away once the limit has been reached.
 If you wish to attend one of our regular classes, then we offer day passes. Please fill in one of the “contact us” forms on our website with your details and we wilI get back to you ASAP.
 If you are visiting, please bring a clean gi and a rash-guard to wear underneath. No offensive, controversial or political designs are allowed. Please also bring flip flops or sliders to wear off the mats.
 All are welcome! We regularly have visitors from far and wide training with us here at Total BJJ!

 BOOK YOUR FREE BJJ CLASS

 VIEW OUR CLASSES

 ### Book your class today

 Book Your Free BJJ Class in Nottingham

 VIEW OUR CLASSES

 ### Book your free class

 Please fill in your details below

 Name
 Email
 Mobile
 Which classes are you interested in? Which classes are you interested in? Kids Beginners Course Adults

 Additional Info
 BOOK NOW
