---
source_url: https://carlsongraciegreenvalley.com/programs/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://carlsongraciegreenvalley.com/programs/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:32.384Z
---

## Carlson Gracie Green Valley # Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) isn’t just for adults. In fact, it’s the perfect activity for kids! This form of martial arts incorporates a lot of ground grappling and is based on automatic human responses. When it comes to self-defense, BJJ empowers a smaller individual to fight against a larger opponent. But the advantages don’t stop there. BJJ helps kids gain confidence, learn discipline, focus their energy, foster respect for others, and be a part of a one-of-a-kind community full of future friends and mentors!

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 #### Improves Self-Confidence We get it, being a kid isn’t always easy! Between homework, trying to make friends, and school bullies, there’s a lot to deal with. At Carlson Gracie Green Valley, we want to be a place of escape from all of those struggles. While the rest of the world may take a toll on your child’s confidence, we’re here to build it up. After watching hundreds of young martial artists go through our program, we have no doubt that practicing BJJ improves students’ confidence in a way that no other activity can. BJJ pushes students out of their comfort zones – helping them acquire new skills, teaching them how to defend themselves and avoid conflict, and providing them with much-needed support and guidance. Students enter our Kids BJJ program as shy and insecure children and leave as outgoing and self-assured martial artists.

 #### Provides A Safe Environment Preparing to defend oneself against an attacker sounds scary, but we promise to make sure that your child feels comfortable and safe throughout the entire process. We enforce a strict policy of acceptance, respect, and care for others that are incorporated into everything we do – whether it’s student-instructor interactions, warm-ups, sparring, or student friendships. From day one, we encourage students to express any questions and concerns they may have. We believe that communication is the key to creating a healthy and uplifting training environment.
 #### Teaches Discipline At Carlson Gracie Green Valley we believe that having fun and practicing discipline go hand in hand. To create amazing martial artists, we must teach them the importance of good behavior. Practicing discipline in our school is all about carefully following your instructor’s directions, staying quiet during class, having a good attitude from the moment you enter our building, and taking accountability for your actions. After all, you can’t perfect a technique if you’re too busy talking to your friend!

 #### Promotes Respect The martial arts provide an advantage that no other sport can boast about – the value of respect. Respect for both oneself and others is embedded into everything martial arts does. At Carlson Gracie Green Valley, students bow to their instructor at the beginning and ending of class, receive constructive feedback with a positive attitude, always try their hardest, and encourage their classmates and training partners.
 #### Provides Community While the kids at school may bully or pick on you, you’ll never experience that with the kids at Carlson Gracie Green Valley. We are committed to creating a safe and uplifting environment for our students, and will not tolerate bullying or teasing of any kind. By signing up at Carlson Gracie Green Valley, you are promising to uphold our values of kindness and respect. Our school is proud of our students, and we have no doubt that your child will meet their best friends here.

 #### Try a Free Week Today!
