---
source_url: https://carlsongraciegreenvalley.com/programs/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://carlsongraciegreenvalley.com/programs/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:32.808Z
---

## Carlson Gracie Green Valley # Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting as a self defense. Jiu-Jitsu has recently become more popular and is noted to be one of the fastest growing MMA sports in the United States. The concept of BJJ is that smaller people who are not as strong can defend themselves against a larger, stronger opponent. Through the use of skillful leveraging techniques and effective groundwork, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu martial artists are able to manipulate, subdue, and control their opponent.

 ### Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 #### Overview Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting as a self defense. Jiu-Jitsu has recently become more popular and is noted to be one of the fastest growing MMA sports in the United States. The concept of BJJ is that smaller people who are not as strong can defend themselves against a larger, stronger opponent. Through the use of skillful leveraging techniques and effective groundwork, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu martial artists are able to manipulate, subdue, and control their opponent.

 #### Self Defense BJJ at Carlson Gracie Green Valley puts you in an atmosphere where you can succeed with any sized opponent, gain self-esteem and confidence in your skills, and learn to never give up and raise your endurance. We will give you the skills you need to feel confident in redirection and assertiveness in any threatening situation. Our members at Carlson Gracie Green Valley are taught how to assess and de-escalate situations without needing to physically use their skills.

 #### Fitness Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a total body workout because it involves a lot of explosive throws, speed, agility, and ground grappling. At Carlson Gracie Green Valley, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body. In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost stamina and endurance. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a high-energy training class from start to finish that is fun and engaging for any student.
 #### Weight Loss Obesity is a serious problem in the United States. So a brand new workout to your routine will greatly help. At Carlson Gracie Green Valley, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body. Therefore, introducing yourself to martial arts is a great way to combat obesity and promote weight loss. In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class. As well as develop lean muscles, and boost flexibility. BJJ is a high-energy training class that is great for overall health and weight loss.

 #### Community In BJJ you need to have a training partner to practice with. So you spend a lot of time with the other students in your class. By creating a bond of trust and reciprocation, you and your grappling partner can then practice various techniques on each other and see what works or doesn’t work. This martial art cannot be learned based solely on the use of paddles or punching bags. Members at Carlson Gracie Green Valley have become close friends and help each other refine their skills and reach their goals.

 #### Try a Free Week Today!
