---
source_url: https://perennialbjj.com
final_url: https://www.perennialbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:31.407Z
---

- -

 ##### Perennial BJJ
 # Welcome to The Top Jiu Jitsu Gym in West Dallas
 At Perennial Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we are dedicated to empowering individuals through the art of martial arts, fostering discipline, confidence, and community. Join us to experience top-notch training led by experienced instructors in a supportive environment that encourages growth and achievement.

 ## TRAIN | FIGHT | WIN
 ## Challenge your limits with Perennial BJJ

 REQUEST INFORMATION

 ## Join the Family at Perennial BJJ
 At Perennial BJJ, we want to guide you in becoming your best self. We pride ourselves in our energetic and dedicated instructors, and our amazing community! Whether you are focused on becoming physically fit or mastering the art of Gi or No Gi Jiu-Jitsu, we are here to help you reach your goals.
 ​
 If you or your child are interested in what makes Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu so great, you have come to the right place! Our highly skilled team is committed to teaching you everything there is to know about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We keep our classes uplifting and fun, while making sure you improve your confidence and perfect your technique.
 ​
 We would love to have you join the family at Perennial BJJ.
 ​
 Click the REQUEST INFORMATION button and someone will be in touch!

 488966723_17953776710932446_3831183164580069558_n

 449128723_17918874350932446_1925906169266319919_n

 Program - Women

 488966723_17953776710932446_3831183164580069558_n

 1/14

 ## 1

 ## 2

 ## 3

 OUR EXPERT TEAM

 Our instructors at Perennial BJJ are committed to providing the best training experience possible for everyone.

 OUR CORE VALUES

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu isn't just about grappling.
 Our value system promotes confidence, focus,
 and community. When you train in BJJ,
 you'll gain all three!

 OUR MISSISON
 ​
 We want to empower our students and our community with real-world self-defense skills, the confidence necessary to achieve, and fitness to last a lifetime.
 ​
 ​

 ## Exclusive Online Offers
 One Free Private Lesson
 One Free Class
 Three Month Package

 Jason Steward

 ### "Dropped in Saturday for an open mat visit. I was very impressed with just how dang nice everyone was. Great camaraderie! And great rolls! I moved to Dallas last week and I don’t expect this will be the last time they see me."

 Sanam Mohtashami

 Professor Gilson, is very knowledgeable, humble and kind. One of the best experience of learning jiujitsu. Come join us.

 Alex O.

 Outstanding gym! Professor Gilson is the real deal. His passion for teaching is evident in every session. The atmosphere is incredible, with a united community dedicated to self-improvement. No egos here – just a supportive group of hardworking individuals across all experience levels. Highly recommend this gym for its unique culture and genuine camaraderie.
