---
source_url: http://www.fluxmma.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://fluxmma.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:31.726Z
---

# Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Courage, confidence, discipline, and fun

 Start Training

 ## Train at Flux MMA - See The Difference
 Teach your child confidence, character, and positive work ethic that they’ll carry into all aspects of life.

 Flux MMA offers kids jiu-jitsu three times a week and often our older kids join open mats or competition classes for additional training.

 Enroll your kids in a fun, challenging, and rewarding program with years of proven success on the mats and off.

 ## Why train BJJ? Hear from our parents:

 #### Adrian #### Adrian #### Adrian
 "Ever since I’ve we came here it's felt very welcoming. They really do treat you like family at Flux and we won’t go anywhere else."

 #### Lukas #### Adrian #### Adrian
 "We started Lukas training to protect himself. Because he's a little kid he was picked on a lot, but that doesn't happen now and his mother and I owe all that to Kyle."

 Get A Free Trial Week

 ## Benefits of Training BJJ #### Confidence and self-defense Every class provides the opportunity to practice techniques against a real partner who is actively resisting and fighting back. As kids begin to successfully use the techniques they learned during live rolls, they become more confident in their abilities both on and off the mats. Self-confidence is a huge bully deterrent; bullies want to pick on easy targets. But should they need it, your kid will have the physical ability to defend themselves.

 #### Fitness and healthy lifestyle Jiu-jitsu combines high-intensity cardio and strength training in a format that keeps kids active, engaged, and positive—even when learning tough lessons. You will see your child get stronger, have more energy, and lose weight the more they train. Jiu-jitsu will also help them manage stress and work through life's challenges, exercise helps children manage depression, anxiety, and other behavioral disorders .

 #### Make friends, learn to work together Kids build strong friendships by training together and pushing each other to succeed. Your child will get to meet kids from other schools and neighborhoods and as they work together to learn new techniques or prepare for a competition, they will form lasting friendships.

 ## Pics from our team

 ## Sign Up for a Free Trial Week #### Tell us when you're interested in dropping in for a free class. No commitment and no mat fees. Name*

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Find Us in Haltom City 5405 Stanley Keller Road, Fort Worth, Texas 76117, United States
 (682) 561-4308

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
