---
source_url: http://www.fluxmma.com/adult-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://fluxmma.com/adult-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:32.151Z
---

# Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu What's Keeping You From Achieving Your Goals?

 Start Training

 ## Train at Flux MMA - See The Difference Attend our adult BJJ classes and get in the best shape of your life. Each class we review a series of techniques that build on each other. Throughout the month you will learn takedowns, defense, attacks, and transitions through various positions. Each class we spend 45-60 minutes drilling techniques and 45 minutes or more live rolling.

 Many on our team are training to compete in state or local competitions, so we keep the pace high and push each other to get better. You don’t need to compete to fit in though. As long as you’re eager to work hard and improve, you’ll fit right in.

 ## Why train BJJ? Hear from our team:

 "I started BJJ because I've always been a competitor and I was bored with regular workouts. I keep coming back because I love competition and the connections you make with people in bjj are like no other. Plus it's fun!"

 -Lante T.

 I started training bjj because I was at one of the lowest points of my life and was seeking anything that could help me feel a sense of control in my life and connect me to other people. I kept coming back to bjj because I found exactly what I needed and I won’t let myself forget why I started.

 -Alexis C.

 "I first went to Flux MMA as a way to get out of the house and get in shape.. Lifting weights became monotonous and boring. I wanted something that would challenge me and could have real world application. I keep training BJJ because of the challenge. It allows me to disconnect, be active, and focus on solving a problem with my friends. Flux MMA specifically is a great community of people that truly care about each other's success."

 -Brandon C.

 "I train jiujitsu because I always loved wrestling and rolling around when I was little, I keep training because I love the way you can lose yourself while rolling, and I train under Kyle because he's a good person, a good teacher, and a good friend."

 -Seayn O.

 Get A Free Trial Week

 ## No Excuses #### Don’t wait to get “in-shape” before starting Jiu-jitsu combines high-intensity cardio, resistance training, and stretching in one activity. Don’t put off starting until you reach your goal weight, feel strong enough, or can run far enough. Jiu-jitsu will get you in shape fast. It might suck, we won’t lie to you. It’s a tough workout no matter how in shape you are. But if you stick with it past a couple of weeks you will feel better, and if you stick with it for a couple of months you will see big physical changes.

 #### You don’t need prior experience to join Flux MMA You won’t get experience without getting on the mat. Every class at Flux is open to everyone regardless of experience level. If you’re just starting out, our coaches will make sure the techniques you’re learning are appropriate for you. We spend at least half the class doing live rolls, and you can roll with anyone and everyone.

 #### Classes every day of the week We're all busy, but Flux MMA has classes 7-days a week and multiple times a day. You can come to as many as you can fit into your schedule. One price for unlimited training.

 Get A Free Trial Week

 ## Women in BJJ Join our team of badass women at Flux MMA. Many women train BJJ to learn self-defense, get fit, manage stress, and join a supportive community.

 BJJ uses leverage and body mechanics to control and manipulate your opponents. This levels the playing field so size and strength don't always determine who will win in a fight. It's a great sport for female martial artists.

 At Flux, we strive to create an environment built on respect and trust. Our men and women train together because everyone can learn from everyone. Training with men will help you practice what you learn against bigger or stronger opponents.

 ## Train To Compete Push yourself and go for gold. We train hard to master techniques, build cardio, and develop the mindset you need to succeed as a BJJ competitor. Our coaches are experienced competitors, and they have title belts to prove it.

 Competing requires commitment, practice, and consistency. If you’re ready to put in the work, we’re ready to help you. There are state and local competitions monthly with competitors of all ages, sizes, and skill levels. If you're serious about becoming a professional athlete, we recommend having a formal meeting with all the coaches about your goals so we can set an action plan in place to help you become successful.

 ## Sign Up for a Free Trial Week #### Tell us when you're interested in dropping in for a free class. No commitment and no mat fees. Name*

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Find Us in Haltom City 5405 Stanley Keller Road, Fort Worth, Texas 76117, United States
 (682) 561-4308

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
