---
source_url: http://www.fluxmma.com
final_url: https://fluxmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:32.317Z
---

Haltom City I Jiu-Jitsu

 # Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More

 Training the Next Generation of Grapplers

 Start Training

 Haltom City I Jiu-Jitsu

 # Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, and More

 Training the Next Generation of Grapplers

 Start Training

 ## Training for Anyone and All Experience Levels #### BJJ and MMA for Adults, Teens and Kids in Haltom City and DFW If you want to be a champion grappler, take home gold medals from jiu-jitsu tournaments, or just get in the best shape of your life, come train at Flux MMA. We train hard to master techniques, build cardio, and develop the mindset you need to succeed as a jiu-jitsu competitor.

 Our classes are open to all experience levels and we work together to help each other learn and improve. We have students with no previous experience and we have students competing for titles at Fight2Win, IBJJF Worlds and other national tournaments. You will fit right in no matter your skill level, fitness level, or training goals.

 Get A Free Trial Week

 ## Hear From Our Team
 "Professor Kyle has created an environment of learning beyond compare, a family-friendly environment, and top-level competitors. He has amazing leadership with kids and adults. From day one I felt like family. "

 -Isaac L.

 "We brought Anthony to Flux was to give him control and confidence. Before jiu-jitsu, Anthony didn't talk or interact with anybody else, Kyle and the Flux team brought him out of that. He's not the same kid he was 2 years ago. We started Lukas training to protect himself. Because he's a little kid he was picked on a lot, but that doesn't happen now and his mother and I owe all that to Kyle.”

 -Anthony and Lukas M.

 "I started with Kyle because of how he sets the pace with training. He pushes the team both physically, mentally and competitively. At the same time he truly cares about each team member and is a great friend and an amazing coach."

 -Ryan B.

 "I started training MMA and then BJJ after college to lose weight and learn self-defense. I didn't realize the community I was getting involved with and fell in love with the passion everyone had and the challenge it provided me. I've been with Flux since we were in the garage with a flame thrower, and it's really awesome to see how much it's grown. Highly competitive team, non-traditional environment, and feels like a family."

 -Tyler B.

 "What made me start training with Kyle was being told about the way he changed the mindset of my friend who took me for my first roll. He taught him about growth and community and it was cool seeing that change in a usually pessimistic guy. What keeps me coming back is the cool community he carries with him that share the same values of integrity and a solid work ethic that pushes everyone to be their very best at what we do."
 -Mohamed S.

 "I joined jiu-jitsu after taking self-defense classes. I really enjoy knowing how to fight and protect myself…not only for me, but for my daughter. I love the community and people at the gym. We are all family and Kyle makes everyone feel at home. He wants the best for his team. You can tell as soon as you walk in the doors that he has so much passion and love for the people and the sport."

 -Malina R.

 ## Meet Our Coaches #### Kyle Short, Head Coach #### Ryan Hightower, Assistant Coach #### Ryan Hightower, Assistant Coach
 Black Belt
 Kids/Adults Head Coach
 13+ Years of training & competing
 Sponsored Competitor
 Professional Jiu-Jitsu Competitor
 Multiple Time IBJJF Open Champion
 2019 IBJJF Pan Am Champion

 #### Ryan Hightower, Assistant Coach #### Ryan Hightower, Assistant Coach #### Ryan Hightower, Assistant Coach
 Black Belt
 Kids/Adults Head Coach
 8+ Years of training & competing
 Multiple Time IBJJF Open Champion
 Leads Beginner/Advanced Jiu-Jitsu

 #### David Evers, Assistant Coach #### Ryan Hightower, Assistant Coach #### David Evers, Assistant Coach
 Black Belt
 Leads NoGi Noon Classes
 9+ Years of training and competing
 PGF Season Winner
 Leads Advanced Jiu-Jitsu
 Leg Lock Master

 #### Vo, Kid's Coach #### Isaac Lopez, Assistant Coach #### David Evers, Assistant Coach
 Black Belt
 Leads 'Littles' Kids Classes
 10+ years of training and competing
 2nd degree Black Belt

 #### Ryan Bunch, Kid's Coach #### Isaac Lopez, Assistant Coach #### Isaac Lopez, Assistant Coach
 Brown Belt
 Leads Kid's Classes
 Leads Saturday Classes
 Active Competitor
 Multiple Time IBJJF Open Champion
 6+ Years of training and competing

 #### Isaac Lopez, Assistant Coach #### Isaac Lopez, Assistant Coach #### Isaac Lopez, Assistant Coach
 Brown Belt
 6+ Years of training and competing
 Leads Beginner Jiu-Jitsu Classes
 IBJJF World Silver Medalist (2025)

 #### Cameron Byerly, Assistant Coach #### Cameron Byerly, Assistant Coach #### Cameron Byerly, Assistant Coach
 Brown Belt
 12 Years of training and competing
 Leads Gi Noon Classes

 #### Mark Ellis, Kid's Coach #### Cameron Byerly, Assistant Coach #### Cameron Byerly, Assistant Coach
 Purple Belt
 Leads Kid's Classes
 Active Competitor
 6 Years of training and competing

 View Class Schedule

 ## Kyle Short Jiu-Jitsu Flux MMA is a registered association under the IBJJF.

 Find out more

 ## Reviews

 ## Sign Up for a Free Trial Week #### Tell us when you're interested in dropping in for a free class. No commitment and no mat fees. Name*

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Find Us in Haltom City 4105 Denton Hwy, Haltom City, Texas 76117, United States
 (682) 561-4308

 Get directions

 ## Connect With Us

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
