---
source_url: https://eliteedgegym.com/locations/ankeny
final_url: https://eliteedgegym.com/locations/ankeny/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:20.505Z
---

# Elite Edge Transformation Center

 # Ankeny

 ## Lose the Weight & Start a Healthy Lifestyle at Elite Edge

 Life can start to feel hopeless after trying multiple boot camp program , fitness trends, gym memberships, and self-help videos only to continue to struggle with your weight and overall health.
 Find real results at Elite Edge! After beginning their free week, thousands of other people just like you have gotten a glimpse of the transformation that is actually possible for them. These people have gone on to lose 20 – 180 pounds, get their lives back, and feel better with personalized nutrition counseling and ongoing training.
 You can be the next person to join the movement that will change your life. Reach out today, and finally get a hold of the person you want to become.

 Try Us for Free

 ### Ankeny Training Schedule In order to accommodate the busy and constantly changing schedules of our members, Elite Edge Transformation coaches offer training sessions that begin on the hour each day. As listed in the chart schedule, stop in at any time that works for you!

 ## News & Promotions

 ### Free 6-Week Weight Loss Challenge

 We are the only facility that believes so much in our process that we pay for your transformation. You heard that right. If you make the change, it’s free. Here is how you succeed: You lose 20lbs in 6 weeks and your transformation is free. That is a guarantee. We plan on using your success to market Elite Edge transformation center. You can see before/after photos all over this website of people just like you who took our 6 Week Challenge , lost 20 pounds, and did the whole program for free. We want you to succeed, because if you succeed, we both succeed—that’s what we call a WIN-WIN.

 ### Start Your Elite Fitness Membership Today - Name* First Last - Phone* - Email* - CAPTCHA

 ### Elite Edge Transformation Center Ankeny, Iowa

 ### Elite Edge Transformation Center 6717 NE 15th Street
 Des Moines, IA 50313
 Tel: (515) 943-9105
 Email: [email protected]

 ### Elite Edge Ankeny

 6717 NE 15th Street
 Des Moines, IA 50313
 Tel: (515) 943-9105
 Email: [email protected]

 ## Meet Our Transformation Team

 ### Eddie Mack Manager/Head Coach
 I began personal / group training about 6 years ago when I wanted to help people and make a difference in the world by helping people. When I was able to make the connection between fitness and nutrition and the ability to bring that lifestyle information and passion to people, I put my head down and haven’t stopped changing lives since. My primary focus is weight loss , behavior change when it comes to nutrition.
 “Helping people one step, one rep, one spoonful at a time.” I love to coach small groups and give people a 1:1 feel to training while having the group for motivation and environment. In my free time you can catch me on the baseball diamond, or relaxing with my fiancée on a beach somewhere. “Discipline is the driver to daily execution. Discipline defeats the infinite excuses that hold you back. There are no hacks. There are no shortcuts.”
 - ACE Group Fitness Instructor - ACE Sports Performance Specialist - ACE Fitness Nutrition Specialist - USA Weightlifting Coach

 ### Bree Lynn ISSA Certified Trainer

 ### Fran Donnelly Chief Energy Officer
 I received my Bachelor’s in Women’s Studies from the University of Hawai’i and my Master’s in Criminal Justice from South University in Florida. I did social work in Florida, Iowa, and Hawai’i with a special focus on the Foster Care system for 8 years. I recently moved back to Iowa in January 2022 to begin a new career and lifestyle in fitness, health and wellness. My ultimate goal is to own and operate a yoga studio of my own one day. If you see me in the office or in class say hi!

 ### Chico Baccam Right Hand Man

 ### Lauren Springer ACE Certified Trainer
 Fitness has always played a major role in my life starting at a very young age. I played competitive sports throughout high school and college and also spent 10 years in the military which required an extremely high level of physical readiness. I love to train and be pushed and challenged, both physically and mentally, as well as learn new training methodologies and techniques. All of these things sparked my interest in the human body, training, nutrition and overall wellness and were the foundations for my life’s passion, coaching. I have multiple fitness certifications and coaching experience spanning over 20 years in various facets within the industry.
 I became part of the Elite Edge team in June 2019 as a coach. I absolutely love working here and helping our members on their fitness journey and meeting their individual goals. This is my passion and I hope to continue to inspire people to be the best version of themselves through fitness for years to come!

 ## These Members Transformed Their Lives with Elite Edge. You Can be Next.

 Elite Edge Gym Ankeny
 4.9

 Elite Edge Transformation Center Ankeny
 4.9

 Derek Grigsby 20:45 08 Feb 26

 Only was coming to this gym for the 2 day a week Jiu Jitsu. I was not at a point I wanted to begin yet and wanted to work on loosing weight on my own at a gym I could afford monthly. I gave two no’s to the $150/mo price. And stated I really cannot afford that. The sales person Michael pressured again and got me to just sign. Then after I signed told me this is a 12 month contract with a $300 cancellation fee. After checking my budget and sitting with the experience I realize it’s better I do what I intended to do and get a gym membership working at my own pace within my budget. Which is what I should have been doing after I gave two no’s at the front desk. No exploration questions as to why I didn’t want their gym boot camp. Just talked at like I wasn’t capable of losing the weight on my own because, “no one holds me accountable.” Didn’t sit well with me after the fact either. Left voicemail to cancel before classes start Monday. Hopefully I don’t have to pay that $300 fee. If I do I’ll never be back. High pressure to sign up once you come in. Would suggest you speak about any training over the phone vs. going in for a face to face or signing anything.

 TJ Cannon 05:35 04 Dec 25

 Absolutely the nicest training facility in the area. Whether you are doing MMA, Jiu-Jitsu, or the 6 Week Challenge Elite Edge is by far the best gym in Central Iowa

 EllenKate Kaplan-Dalin 15:49 16 Jul 25

 I partook in their 6 Week 20 point weight loss challenge and it did not disappoint. I originally found them through Facebook and I am beyond glad that I did. The owner, Joe and all of the other coaches I’ve met and worked with (Aaron, Michael, Lauren) who lead each workout class were incredible. Their support, encouragement, and absolute dedication to helping me be successful was not only inspiring to me but it created an atmosphere that felt extremely welcoming which in turn, motivated me to finish continue participating. I actually ended up finishing the 6 week challenge early and reaching more than my required goal weight! This gym is also such a warm and welcoming space and it really is its own kind of community. Since my first day, they all have been so supportive and friendly that they feel like a gym family to me! I am so appreciative for this opportunity and I can’t wait to see where it takes me from here! I’m truly very grateful.

 Douglas Karlinsey 19:57 06 Apr 25

 My wife and I took a No Gi class while we were visiting from out of town. The instructor Levi was very nice and knows his stuff! Joe helped us at the front desk getting all set up and he was very welcoming and kind. It’s a very nice facility and the staff is outstanding! The other students were helpful and kind. We’ll definitely come back whenever we’re in town!

 Desire Paye 23:27 24 Mar 25

 I definitely RECOMMEND THIS GYM !!!! The trainers are AMAZING, they push you to your full potential NO ONE LEFT BEHIND!! I love the sense of family feel that it gives stuck to them like white on rice❤️

 Mood TM 15:39 21 Dec 24

 Just finished my 6 week challenge! I lost a total of 28.5lbs within those 6 weeks. It was probably one of the toughest things I've had to deal with. The people I worked with were the best support system next to my family who stood behind me all the way to the end. I had endured loss and sickness through this journey but I pushed through and never gave up even when I wanted to throw in the towel. The trainers are the best folks I've ever met. They encourage you to go harder, to do one more. They help and redirect you when you slip up but always kept it with a positive attitude that made the workout great. Can't beat a place like this.

 Matrix Mann 21:54 03 Dec 24

 Joe, Chico, Mitch, Josh, Keegan, Gavin, Wes, and Brendon. Awesome staff and coaches. Professional setting and top of the line curriculum. My son has thrived in the environment they've worked together to provide. Thank you.

 Stephanie Brandt 14:18 26 Nov 24

 I lost 20lbs in the 6 week challenge!!Thanks to everyone I met during this experience!- Chico, Eddie, Lauren and Bryce!!Each one of you brought a different type of energy that I greatly appreciated.- I enjoyed and even benefited from not feeling stuck to one specific time for 5 days straight..It has been a very inviting and inclusive gem of a gym.Thanks Elite for helping me build up the confidence to maintain a daily workout routine!- It just fit right into my day and now I can’t see myself without it.- I feel like I thrive in group settings! It’s important to acknowledge this.>> My parameter of expectations highly improve when I can observe other people’s forms and make adjustments.- Great environment.

 Mark Hendrickson 16:02 22 Nov 24

 I just successfully completed my 6 week challenge at Elite Edge in Ankeny! I dropped from 206 lbs. to 186 lbs. I couldn’t be happier with the program. The diet is very simple and straightforward with no room for cheating. The workouts are rigorous and challenging but achievable either way hard work. I plan to stay and continue losing weight (at a slower pace), getting stronger and maintaining my results. I strongly recommend Elite Edge to help you meet your fitness goals!

 ### Don’t Wait to Lose the Weight. Start Today!

 Try Us for Free
