---
source_url: https://www.middlegroundmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.edgeeffectfitness.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:35.767Z
---

## Middle Ground Martial Arts
 ## Judo, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Fitness

 Highlights
 ### HIGHLIGHTS IN THE GYM
 ## Kickboxing & Muay thai
 Comprehensive Striking
 Technical Work
 Partner Drills
 Bag/Mitt Work

 Contact Us
 ### CONTACT US
 Middle Ground Martial Arts
 785 Acorn Drive #102
 Harrisonburg, Virginia 22802
 MiddleGroundMartialArts@gmail.com
 ​

 ## SEND US A MESSAGE
 First name
 Last name
 Email
 Phone
 Message
 Submit

 ### OUR TEAM OF EXPERTS & COACHES
 About Us
 RANDY SIMPSON- Judo and Kickboxing Coach, Owner
 Owner and coach Randy Simpson comes from a background of martial arts and sports science. He been training for more than 23 years in Judo, Kickboxing, and Okinawan Goju Ryu Karate. He encourages students to explore all aspects of martial arts training, but focuses his classes on the combative and self defense aspects. Simpson's interest in martial arts led him to earn a Master’s Degree in Kinesiology and related training:
 ​
 - Shodan/black belt, Judo - Sandan/3rd degree black belt, Karate - RKC Certified Kettlebell Instructor - NASM Certified Personal Trainer since 2010 - NASM MMA Conditioning Specialist - Functional Movement Screen Level 1 - Rock Steady Boxing Coach
 ​
 JASON DUNAWAY- Head Kickboxing Coach
 Jason Dunaway's martial arts background began with a black belt in Tae Kwon Do, and at age 1 4 he began competing in kickboxing. He competed internationally, winning the IKF World Classic in both 2011 and 2012. Coach Dunaway focuses on the fundamentals and practical application of kickboxing as a martial art, and also coaches our fight team. Dunaway served in the United States Marine Corps.
 ​ ​
 Alan Souryvong- Muay Thai Coach
 Alan's Muay Thai journey began as a teenager. He contributes his extensive knowledge of traditional Thai boxing to our classes as well as our fight team.
 ​
 ​
 STEPHANIE HIGGS- Kid's Judo, Women's SD, Personal Training
 Stephanie began training in Judo in 2020. She coordinates our women's self defense program and c0-teaches our kid's Judo class. She is an NASM Certified Personal Trainer and Group Fitness Instructor, as well as a Rock Steady Boxing coach and holds a yonkyu/Green belt in Judo. She has competed in Jiujitsu, triathlons, 5/10k races and trail running.
 ​
 ​
