---
source_url: http://www.cachevalleymartialarts.com
final_url: https://cachevalleymartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.812Z
---

## What we teach #### Boxing One of the most recognized forms of self-defense, boxing is ingrained in American culture.

 #### BJJ Brazilian Jiu-Jutsu is a form of self-defense using grappling, locks, and holds to force your opponent to submission.

 #### MMA Mixed Martial Arts is a competitive and very popular combat sport mixing all the fighting disciplines we teach and many more.

 #### Muay Thai While similar to boxing, Muay Thai adds another element to the sport by adding clinches, knees, elbows, and kicks.

 #### Judo Judo is a Japanese martial art and Olympic sport involving using holds and leverage to submit an opponent.

 #### Wrestling A combat sport using clinches and holds to pin or take superior striking position in a fight.

 #### Youth Striking(Ages 5-12) In this program we teach boxing, Muay Thai, kickboxing, wrestling, and MMA to equip youth for self-confidence, self-defense, and fitness.

 ## Our instructors ##### Koffi Adzitso Head coach Koffi is a highly experienced coach and fighter. With a 20 Win - 11 loss record in the MMA, Koffi is a first-degree black belt under Brandon Ruiz.

 ##### Cody Udy No Gi BJJ coach Cody Udy has been training since 2004. With an MMA record of 13 wins - 12 losses. Having a black belt under Walt Bayless.

 ##### Ryan Goldsberry Judo coach Ryan started his martial journey in 2007 doing Kyukido, Taekwondo, USA Judo and Brazilian jiu-jitsu and has an amazing success in all four arts.

 ##### Crystal Zimmerman Womens coach Crystal started training judo, jujitsu, and boxing in the fall of 2020. She came over to Cache Valley Martial Arts as a WeDefy athlete in August 2021. She stayed and consistently trains in judo, jujitsu, muay thai and MMA at CVMA. She has also been a long time assistant coach, helping Koffi coach the cubs, homeschool, and kids jiujitsu classes. She has also been an assistant coach to Ryan for the kids judo program since the program started at CVMA in 2022. She loves coaching all the kids classes, but is also dedicated to bringing more women into martial arts and loves training at CVMA. So in 2025 she started coaching a women's only jiujitsu class there and in 2026 Koffi asked her to start a women's only self defense program that now runs every month at CVMA.

 Try Your First Class Free or Become a member

 ## Our Gym ‹ › - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Our schedule ##### Monday 6 a.m. – 7 a.m. Adult (NO-GI) Jiu-Jitsu 10 a.m. – 11 a.m. Homeschool Cubs (Gi) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 3-5) 11 a.m. – noon Homeschool Youth (Gi) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 6-14) 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Teen Judo Club (9-14) 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Youth (GI) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 5-8) 6 p.m. – 7 p.m. Teen (GI) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 9-15) 6 p.m. – 7 p.m. Youth Judo Club (Ages 5-8) 7 p.m. – 8:30 p.m. Adult (Gi) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals (ESSENTIAL)
 ##### Tuesday 9 a.m. – 10 a.m. 50+ kickboxing & Muay Thai 10 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. Muay Thai/Kickboxing 4 p.m. – 5 p.m. Youth Muay Thai/Boxing/MMA (Ages 5-14) 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Women's (No-Gi) jiu-jitsu and self-defense 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Boxing 6 p.m. – 7:30 p.m. Muay Thai/Kickboxing 6 p.m. – 7:30 p.m. Adult Judo Club 7:30 p.m. – 8:30 p.m. MMA All Levels 7:30 p.m. – 9 p.m. Adult (No-Gi) Jiu-Jitsu
 ##### Wednesday 6 a.m. – 7 a.m. Adult (NO-GI) Jiu-Jitsu 10 a.m. – 11 a.m. Homeschool Cubs (No-Gi) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 3-5) 11 a.m. – noon Homeschool Youth (NO-GI) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 6-14) 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Youth (No-Gi) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 5-8) 5 p.m. – 6 a.m. Teen Judo Club (9-14) 6 p.m. – 7 p.m. Teens (No-Gi) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu(Ages 9-15) 6 p.m. – 7 p.m. Youth Judo Club (Ages 5-8) 7 p.m. – 8:30 p.m. Adult (No-Gi) Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals(ESSENTIAL)
 ##### Thursday 9 a.m. – 10 a.m. 50+ Kickboxing & Muay Thai 10 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. Muay Thai/Kickboxing 4 p.m. – 5 p.m. Youth Muay Thai/Boxing/MMA (Ages 5-14) 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Boxing 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Women's (Gi) Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense 6 p.m. – 7:30 p.m. Adult Judo Club 6 p.m. – 7 p.m. Muay Thai/Kickboxing 7 p.m. – 8:30 p.m. Adult (Gi) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 ##### Friday 5 p.m. – 6 p.m. Adult Wrestling Club 5:30 p.m. – 6:30 p.m. Jiu-Jitsu (GI) Drill Class 6 p.m. – 7:30 p.m. Muay Thai, Boxing, Kickboxing & MMA Sparring 6:30 p.m. – 7:30 p.m. MMA All levels
 ##### Saturday 10 a.m. – noon Open Mat

 Try Your First Class Free or Become a member
