---
source_url: http://lincolnbjj.com/page/jiu-jitsu-journey-program
final_url: https://lincolnbjj.com/page/jiu-jitsu-journey-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.589Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Jiu-Jitsu Journey Program We understand that some families cannot afford to pay for their child to train in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. For this reason, Lincoln Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Center is proud to offer our Jiu-Jitsu Journey Program . We believe we have the leading Lincoln youth program for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Kick Boxing. We provide Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Kick Boxing training to youth students 4-17 years old. Our classes provide students with self-defense, discipline and confidence, in a safe and fun environment.

 Through our Jiu-Jitsu Journey Program, we will provide qualified youth in need, age 4 through age 17, with a no-cost membership. Youth who are accepted into the Jiu-Jitsu Journey Program may remain in the program until they turn 18 years old. They will never be asked for membership dues, though families that can afford to help out with $5, $25, $50, or $75 a month, are welcome to do so. The Jiu-Jitsu Journey Program is made possible by our adult members who have chosen to participate with a Gold Level membership. We also accept sponsorships to the program.

 Greg, Jerad and Conan are humble people with humble beginnings. We started Lincoln Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Center because of our love of Jiu-Jitsu and we wanted to share it with others. We promised ourselves that we wouldn’t let our passion become a burden. Quite assuredly it hasn’t, and our passion has grown. The school has gone from a handful of students training out of retail store space at 40th & O, to well over 200 members, training in a new facility that was designed specifically for what we do. We don’t want the cost of training to be a barrier to entry into martial arts. We want interested youth to have an opportunity to fall in love with these great sports, just as we have, and have their lives changed both on and off the mats.

 As we are just starting this project, we are looking for members who are interested in participating in the Jiu-Jitsu Journey Program and beginning this journey with us. Please visit our website for more information or to become a Gold Level member.

 Adult members who want to participate may do so by clicking on the GOLD LEVEL MEMBERSHIP button below.

 If you want to provide a sponsorship to the program, you may do so by clicking on the YOUTH SPONSORSHIP button below.

 Parents who would like their child to participate in the program may submit a request by clicking on the YOUTH JIU-JITSU JOURNEY REQUEST button below.

 We are always looking for folks who are interested in participating in our Jiu-Jitsu Journey Program and embarking on this journey with us!

 - Phone (402) 483-1258 - Address 4707 Prescott Ave Lincoln, NE 68506 - Email info@lincolnbjj.com Contact Us
 - © Lincoln Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Center - College View - - Powered by Gymdesk
