---
source_url: https://mbdmartialarts.com/adult-mma-in-person-classes-in-des-plaines/
final_url: https://mbdmartialarts.com/adult-mma-in-person-classes-in-des-plaines/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:17.339Z
---

- (847) 297-2788 - 1508 Miner St., Des Plaines, IL 60016

 # Des Plaines , MMA Now Offering In-Person Classes

 ## Get 2 Weeks of The Best Mixed Martial Arts Classes in Des Plaines... Plus a FREE T-Shirt!... For Just $29.99! ($100 Value!)

 “Well-rounded and intense!” Our amazing Adult MMA program is the best in Des Plaines! Learn the basics of boxing, kickboxing, wrestling and BJJ, all in one class!

 Everything included:

 2 Weeks of MMA Classes

 (Spots Limited! Hurry!)

 Free T-Shirt

 - 1508 Miner St., Des Plaines, IL 60016

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your Class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from MBD Mixed Martial Arts Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## Powerful Self-Defense Keeps You Safe.

 It’s not just a workout — it’s a life-saving skill. Learn how to protect yourself and your loved ones, no matter the situation.
 People all over Des Plaines turn to us for their MMA training.

 ## No Experience Required!

 Never done martial arts before? No problem. Most of our members in Des Plaines started out just like you. And like them, before you know it, you’ll look & feel like a pro.

 ## Burn Fat. Build Lean Muscle. Fast.

 MMA will work your body in totally new ways. You’ll build muscles you never even knew you had. That’s what people all over Des Plaines are discovering.

 ### Get 2 Weeks of The Best Mixed Martial Arts Classes in Des Plaines... Plus a FREE T-Shirt!... For Just $29.99! ($100 Value!)

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY CLASS PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 " Great family environment. Wonderful people who make you feel at home."

 "Love this place. Great classes and wonderful coaches. "

 " They treat everyone like family. Every student is able to excel at their own pace. They bring out the best I every student. "

 "I love this place!!! There is always great energy :D. Teachers are great and everyone there is always friendly and helpful. Awesome classes! THANK YOU MBD!"

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Adult Program

 I hate doing gym workouts, I find them boring. Will this be similar?
 Definitely not! You will get fit, you will burn off unwanted calories, you will find it an awesome stress relief. But BORING, it is NOT!
 The variety, challenge and the feeling of accomplishment when you master a self defense skill or technique is why students love our Des Plaines muay thai class at MBD Mixed Martial Arts Academy.
 But we find it’s the friendships and fun that keep students coming back. It’s like their second family. Why not find out for yourself. Book in for our limited time offer on this page!

 I’m not very sporty or co-ordinated. Will that be a problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our Jiu-Jitsu class would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from MBD Mixed Martial Arts Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
