---
source_url: http://tampajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.tampajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:51.445Z
---

Tampa Jiu Jitsu specializes in teaching the best, purest form of Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our Gracie BJJ Basics Program is the most effective way of learning Gracie Jiu-Jitsu self-defense. What makes Tampa Jiu-Jitsu different is the way that we teach. Our certified instructors are trained in serving and coaching students in an organized, patient, and supportive manner.
 Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone! Ryan, the owner, has a 3rd degree Black Belt under Phil Migliarese and has taught thousands of students over the last 20 years. Whether you’re a beginner to advanced, Ryan uses method and techniques that are effective and safe as taught to him by Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Grandmaster Helio Gracie and his son, Relson Gracie.
 Grandmaster Helio Gracie and Ryan Deichert

 Our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Basics is easy to learn and perfect for anyone of any size, no matter if s/he is “in shape” or “out of shape.” Gracie Basics is the best presentation of fundamental Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, whether your goal is to be a hobbyist or a Gracie Black Belt. Gracie Basics will get you in shape through consistent training, and practicing the technique with step by step instruction at your own pace.
 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu focuses on the following:
 - Basic and Advanced Submissions: Armbars Triangles Chokes Kimuras Arm, wrist, & leg locks - Stand up self-defense, striking, and takedowns - Ground defense and ground submissions - Kid’s self-defense (stop bullying) - Simple techniques that do not require strength - Learn how to overcome panic with breath control - Advance Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Gi techniques - No Gi Submission grappling - Judo - Wrestling Throws - Competition Class - Open Mat Sparring
 ## Testimonial Tampa Jiu Jitsu has been a great experience for my family. My sons started training with Ryan then I decided to give it a try and it’s been a blast, it’s also one of the better workouts I’ve ever done. I think the best thing about Tampa Jiu Jitsu is the atmosphere, everyone is willing to take a take a few minutes to explain or teach a new technique, you feel very welcomed from the moment you step on the mat. I’ve taken other martial arts and in my opinion Jiu Jitsu is the most effective self-defense. It doesn’t matter if the other person is bigger or stronger, because solid Jiu Jitsu will win out all the time. I can’t say enough positive things about Ryan and his staff. Give Tampa Jiu Jitsu a call and see for yourself.
 -David Cardenas
 Read more testimonials >>
 ### Share this with your friends
