---
source_url: http://10pcostamesa.com/classes/kids-nogi-jiu-jitsu-classes
final_url: https://www.10pcostamesa.com/classes/kids-nogi-jiu-jitsu-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:41.570Z
---

## Kids NOGI Jiu Jitsu #### Instructors: Coach Jerrid
 Joshua Loren Branstetter
 Mark Jorgensen
 Ryan Crocker

 Return Home ## Intro ## what to expect
 ## CLass Details #### Instructors: Coach Jerrid
 Joshua Loren Branstetter
 Mark Jorgensen
 Ryan Crocker

 Jiu jitsu is a grappling-based martial art that emphasizes ground fighting and submission techniques. It is designed to neutralize an attacker and is often used in real-life self-defense situations. The training focuses on leverage and technique rather than brute force, making it a great option for children of all sizes and abilities. Jiu jitsu also teaches children the importance of discipline, respect, and humility, which can be valuable life skills.
 On the other hand, many other martial arts are striking-based which emphasize kicking and punching techniques. They can be a highly athletic and physically demanding martial art that requires a high level of fitness and flexibility. However, while they can be a great way for children to stay active and improve their fitness, it may not be as well-suited for real-life self-defense situations as jiu jitsu.
 In terms of benefits, jiu jitsu offers a more holistic approach to training, where the kids can learn the importance of discipline, respect, humility, patience, and self-control which can be valuable life skills. It's important to note that not all jiu jitsu academies are the same. We pride ourselves in being one of the few reputable academies that has experienced and qualified instructors who are able to tailor the training to the specific needs and abilities of your children.

 View Class Schedule

 ### CLASSES FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITIES CLAIM YOUR FREE PASS

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Do you allow drop-ins?

 Do I have to wear a rashguard?

 Do you offer private lessons?

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. CLAIM MY FREE PASS

 MMA Muay ThaI Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BOXING Kids CLASSES PERSONAL TRAINING
 MEET THE TEAM RON TURNER wes levine MICHAEL DAVIDEK RYAN CROCKER
 SCHEDULE NO GI JIU JITSU KIDS NO GI JIU JITSU GYM ETIQUETTE facility HISTORY
 FREE PASS PRICING LOGIN CONTACT FAQ Privacy Policy
 STORE SHIPPING RETURNS PRIVACY POLICY TERMS CONTACT

 Copyright © 2023 | Website Design by Black Stag Digital, Inc
 Copyright © 2023 | Designed by Black Stag Digital, Inc
