---
source_url: http://10pcostamesa.com/classes/nogi-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.10pcostamesa.com/classes/nogi-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:41.781Z
---

## NOGI Jiu Jitsu #### Instructors: Chris Martinez
 Michael Davidek
 Wes Levine
 Ron Turner

 Return Home ## Intro ## what to expect
 ## CLass Details #### Instructors: Chris Martinez
 Michael Davidek
 Wes Levine
 Ron Turner

 Jiu jitsu is a highly effective martial art that offers many benefits. One of the main benefits is that it is a great way to stay active and maintain a healthy lifestyle. The constant movement and physical activity required during training helps you improve your cardiovascular health, increase strength and flexibility, and maintain a healthy weight. Additionally, jiu jitsu training requires a high level of focus and concentration, which can help you improve your cognitive abilities and overall mental well-being.
 The discipline and hard work required to master the techniques of jiu jitsu can help adults develop a sense of accomplishment and pride in themselves, leading to improved social skills, stronger relationships, and a greater sense of self-worth.
 Learning jiu jitsu can also help teach you how to set and achieve goals, work hard towards a common objective, and persevere in the face of adversity. These skills can be beneficial in many areas of life, from work and personal relationships to financial management and personal growth.
 And of course, jiu jitsu is a great way to develop important self-defense skills. The techniques taught in jiu jitsu are designed to neutralize an attacker, rather than cause harm, giving you the confidence and ability to protect yourself in potentially dangerous situations.
 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Costa Mesa is offers classes for both kids and adults. Our academy is known for its focus on the 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu system formed by Eddie Bravo, which is a no-gi form of jiu jitsu that emphasizes the use of leverage and technique. The academy's experienced instructors are dedicated to helping students of all levels to improve their jiu jitsu skills and reach their full potential.
 One of the key benefits of training at 10th Planet Costa Mesa is the sense of community. The academy encourages a supportive and friendly environment where students can interact with each other, share their experiences and learn from one another. This can be a great way for our students to make friends and develop a sense of belonging.
 ‍

 View Class Schedule

 ### CLASSES FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITIES CLAIM YOUR FREE PASS

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Do you allow drop-ins?

 Do I have to wear a rashguard?

 Do you offer private lessons?

 ## Try a Free Class!Sign up to claim your free pass. CLAIM MY FREE PASS

 MMA Muay ThaI Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BOXING Kids CLASSES PERSONAL TRAINING
 MEET THE TEAM RON TURNER wes levine MICHAEL DAVIDEK RYAN CROCKER
 SCHEDULE NO GI JIU JITSU KIDS NO GI JIU JITSU GYM ETIQUETTE facility HISTORY
 FREE PASS PRICING LOGIN CONTACT FAQ Privacy Policy
 STORE SHIPPING RETURNS PRIVACY POLICY TERMS CONTACT

 Copyright © 2023 | Website Design by Black Stag Digital, Inc
 Copyright © 2023 | Designed by Black Stag Digital, Inc
