---
source_url: http://www.sjbjjmma.com
final_url: http://www.sjbjjmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:04.858Z
---

St. Joseph Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Mixed Martial Arts - We are a family oriented martial arts school dedicated to teaching discipline, self confidence, respect, loyalty and fitness through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts training. Come and try out one of our martial arts classes for FREE!
 Brazilian jiu-jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that teaches a smaller person how to defend himself against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper technique. The Gracie family, the founders of BJJ, modified judo and traditional Japanese jujutsu to create the art. It contains stand-up maneuvers, but it is most famous for its devastating ground-fighting techniques. Gaining superior positioning—so one can apply the style’s numerous chokes, holds, locks and joint manipulations on an opponent—is the key in BJJ.
 ## Head Coach - BJJ Black Belt - Deryck Ripley Head Coach and co-owner Deryck Ripley began his training at the young age of 6 where he began wrestling. Derycks wrestling career carried him to Missouri Valley college on a wrestling scholarship where he was a NAIA National Qualifier in 2002. Deryck began his Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) career at this time as an amatuer. In 2004 Deryck made the jump to the Professional level of MMA competing around the country in various promotions such as Titan Fighting Championships, Victory Fighting Championships, Alliance Fighting and Kansas City Fighting Alliance. Deryck finished his MMA career in 2014 after having nearly 50 bouts.
 In 2011, Deryck moved to Denver, Colorado where he became the head MMA and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu coach at American Top Team Altitude for owner Bobby Lashley. Deryck also became a Bronze certified USA wrestling coach during this time and coached at the 2012 Olympic Trials. After nearly 2 years away from Kansas City and actively competing in MMA he returned to KC to finish out his MMA career. It was at this time he became the Head MMA and BJJ coach at Glory MMA & Fitness formerly known as Grindhouse MMA. There he was fortunate enough to work with some the top fighters in the area such as James Krause, Zak Cummings, Tim Eliott, Gaston Reyno, Razak Al-Hassan among many others. Deryck is one of the most experienced coaches around having first hand experience coaching in the WEC, UFC, Bellator, Titan Fighting Championships, Victory FC and Strikeforce.
 Deryck is a Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Professor Ethan Day and an active competitor for the Renato Tavares Association. Deryck continues to compete on the international level in BJJ and had competed numerous times at the International Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation (IBJJF) Pan American and World Championships. Deryck has also competed on the Fuji World Pro and the Respect Professional Jiu Jitsu show earning a submission victory over a world silver medalist.
 ###
