---
source_url: http://www.ralphgracierichmond.com/kids
final_url: https://ralphgracierichmond.com/kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:36.740Z
---

# Kid's Jiu Jitsu

 About this class

 ## Discover the World of Jiu-Jitsu for Children: More than just moves and techniques — Jiu- Jitsu is a way of life!

 Learn More

 At Ralph Gracie Richmond, our team of instructors takes Kids Jiu-Jitsu very seriously. We believe that every child, regardless of their abilities or limitations, can benefit greatly from this martial art. Jiu-Jitsu is not just a sport — it’s a powerful tool for personal and social development. Here are some of the key benefits we offer that can transform your child’s life:
 1. Self-Confidence:
 Practicing Jiu-Jitsu helps children overcome challenges and teaches them to believe in themselves. Every technique learned and every achievement on the mat builds a positive self-image.
 2. Discipline and Focus:
 Training in Jiu-Jitsu requires concentration and commitment. Our classes teach kids to stay focused on their goals, promoting discipline that carries over into other areas of life, like school.
 3. Respect and Empathy:
 Jiu-Jitsu is built on values like respect for others and empathy. Our students learn to value their peers regardless of differences, creating a welcoming and inclusive environment.
 4. Self-Defense and Safety:
 Through Jiu-Jitsu, children learn self-defense techniques that help them feel safer in different situations. This not only offers physical protection but also empowers them emotionally.
 5. Health and Well-Being:
 Regular practice of Jiu-Jitsu supports both physical and mental health. Kids have fun while exercising, improving their coordination, strength, and endurance.
 6. Teamwork:
 Jiu-Jitsu teaches the importance of working together. Children learn to support and trust one another, developing essential social skills for life.

 ## Little Lions
 Know More

 ## Kids #1
 Know More

 ## Kids #2
 Know More

 ## Pre-requisite

 4+ years old

 The program will teach:
 Improves self esteem 🏆
 Recognize and face obstacles🏆
 Develops self confidence and discipline🏆
 Develop understanding of Team🏆

 What am I investing in?
 🏆 Highly graduated teachers passionate about teaching Jiu-Jitsu
 🏆 Differentiated quality structure
 🏆 GRACIE JIU-JITSU champion methodology
 🏆 Pleasant and family-friendly educational environment

 ## Little Lions

 Awaken the Little Lion Within Your Child!
 Are you ready to give your child a unique and transformative experience? Introducing “Little Lions” —our special Jiu-Jitsu program for children aged 4 and 5.
 Jiu-Jitsu is much more than a martial art; it’s an amazing opportunity for your child’s overall development. Our classes are specially designed for young children and promote:
 Self-Confidence: Through learning techniques and movements, children gain a strong sense of confidence in themselves.
 Discipline and Respect: Kids learn the importance of mutual respect and discipline—fundamental values for life.
 Socialization: Classes offer a safe and welcoming space where children can make new friends and interact in a group setting.
 Physical Development: Jiu-Jitsu is an excellent form of exercise that boosts coordination, strength, and agility—all while having fun!
 Conflict Resolution: Little ones learn to face challenges and resolve conflicts in a peaceful and respectful way.
 Our classes are led by qualified instructors with experience working with children. They are ready to guide our Little Lions through their exciting Jiu-Jitsu journey.
 Don’t miss the chance to enroll your child in this enriching experience! Come meet our Little Lions class and see how Jiu-Jitsu can make a real difference in your child’s life.
 Contact us for more information and become part of our Little Lions family! ✨

 ## Kid's #1

 Ready to give your child a rich and meaningful experience?
 Introducing RG KID’S 1 —our Jiu-Jitsu program specially designed for children aged 6 to 8.
 Jiu-Jitsu is much more than just a martial art; it’s an incredible opportunity for children’s physical, emotional, and social development. Our classes are carefully structured to meet the needs of this age group, focusing on:
 🥋 Self-Confidence: Through learning techniques and movements, children build confidence in themselves and their abilities.
 🥋 Discipline and Respect: Kids are taught the importance of discipline and respect—core values that will benefit them throughout their lives.
 🥋 Social Skills: Our classes provide a friendly and cooperative environment where children can make new friends and learn how to work as a team.
 🥋 Physical Development: Jiu-Jitsu is a fun and engaging way to improve coordination, strength, and agility through movement and play.
 🥋 Conflict Resolution: Children are guided in how to face challenges and resolve conflicts in a peaceful and respectful manner.
 Our classes are led by experienced and dedicated instructors who know how to engage and motivate young students. With RG KID’S 1 , your child will have the chance to grow and develop like a true little warrior!
 Don’t miss the opportunity to enroll your child in this exciting journey! Come discover RG KID’S 1 and see how Jiu-Jitsu can make a lasting, positive impact on your child’s life.
 Contact us for more information and join our RG KID’S family

 ## Kid's #2

 Jiu Jitsu Training for Pre-Teens – RG Kid’s 2
 Unleash Your Child’s Potential with RG Kid’s 2!
 Are you looking for an activity that offers your child not just physical exercise but also personal growth?
 Introducing RG Kid’s 2 —our Jiu-Jitsu program designed for children ages 9 to 13.
 Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that goes far beyond physical combat; it’s a powerful tool for personal development and growth. Our classes are specially designed for this age group, focusing on:
 🥋 Self-Confidence and Self-Esteem: By learning and mastering challenging techniques, pre-teens build trust in themselves and their abilities.
 🥋 Discipline and Respect: Jiu-Jitsu instills the importance of discipline and respect—core values that help shape character and personality.
 🥋 Teamwork: Students learn to collaborate and support each other, developing key social skills that will benefit them for life.
 🥋 Physical Development: Classes help improve strength, endurance, flexibility, and coordination in an engaging and dynamic way.
 🥋 Conflict Resolution: Pre-teens are guided in how to face challenges and resolve conflicts constructively, preparing them for real-life situations.
 Led by qualified and passionate instructors, RG Kids 2 provides a safe and inspiring environment where young students can explore their abilities and strengthen their mindset.
 Don’t miss the opportunity to enroll your child in RG Kid’s 2! Come discover how Jiu-Jitsu can be a transformative and enriching experience in your pre-teen’s life.
 Contact us for more information and become part of our RG Kid’s community!

 # Your first class is completely free.

 SCHEDULE A FREE CLASS

 Photos

 # KIDS' GALLERY

 ## What our customers say about us

 What we offer

 # OUR PROGRAMS

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ### Kid's Jiu Jitsu

 Learn More

 ### Jiu-Jitsu for Beginners

 Learn More

 ### Intermediate Jiu-Jitsu

 Learn More

 ### Advanced Jiu-Jitsu

 Learn More

 ### Jiu-Jitsu for Competition

 Learn More

 ### Women’s Jiu-Jitsu

 Learn More

 ### Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi

 Learn More

 ### Private Jiu-Jitsu Class

 Learn More
