---
source_url: http://www.rodriguezata.com
final_url: https://rodriguezata.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:02.724Z
---

### Welcome To ## Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy Welcome to Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy in Highland Village, Texas, where there’s something for everyone. We teach Taekwondo and Jiu-Jitsu for all individuals at hobbyist, sport, and competitive levels. You’ll find yourself amongst passionate martial artists including top-quality instructors. Our team will equip you with techniques that translate into valuable traits off the mat, such as self-defense skills and increased confidence. Join the Rodriguez ATA Academy family to experience a healthier lifestyle.

 ## Features At Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy, we stand apart from the crowd. Here are a few of the advantages of our martial arts training that you won’t find elsewhere:

 - - Inclusive We welcome all individuals who are interested in self-improvement. Regardless of your limitations, skill level, or prior martial arts experience. - Positive The team uplifts you to be the best you can be. The family environment ensures a fun class and training environment. - Resilience Our family displays true passion and commitment towards growth. We push past adversities to be the best version of ourselves. - Diverse We offer both Taekwondo and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for kids and adults. You can choose what best fits your strengths and goals! - Character Martial arts is more than flexibility and strength. After training you’ll discover improved confidence, discipline, and respect.

 ### Learn More About Us:
 #### About Us: The Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy team empowers our students to become their best selves. We build up confidence and self-esteem through martial arts training, transforming them into confident fighters and leaders. We exist to better the community through martial arts and self-improvement. Martial arts isn’t just about becoming stronger but also about growing as individuals and learning valuable life skills. After training you’ll be improved physically, mentally, and emotionally. Classes at Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy transcend martial arts and expand into becoming a better human.
 #### Our History: Owners Richard and David Rodriguez have been involved in martial arts for nearly 25 years. The pair was instantly passionate about Taekwondo training and the martial arts lifestyle. After eight years of training their passion led them to teach martial arts. After teaching Taekwondo for five years they expanded their horizons into Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. The next step on their journey was opening Rodriguez Martial Arts Academy in 2013. Today, Richard and David Rodriguez are passionate about bettering the lives of their students.

 #### Learn More About Us! Learn More!

 #### Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy ### Taekwondo Our Taekwondo classes are guaranteed to not only increase your strength and fitness levels, but decrease your stress and anxiety, push you to perform better in work or school, and help you sleep better at night.
 Learn More

 #### Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu BJJ is known to improve fitness levels, prepare its practitioners for situations requiring self-defense, and relieve stress.
 Learn More

 #### Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy ### Birthday Parties Looking for a great way to celebrate your child this year? Look no further! At Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy, we host exciting Martial Arts Birthday Parties for kids of all ages – and the best part is, we take care of everything! Gone are the days when you had to worry about party planning and
 Learn More

 #### Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy ### After School Welcome to our after-school program at RMAA (Rodriguez Martial Arts Academy), where we’re dedicated to shaping not just skilled martial artists but well-rounded individuals primed for success in all aspects of life.
 Learn More

 ## What Our Students Are Saying
 - - Watching the Rodriguez brothers practice their skills is exciting and quite jaw dropping. I think this school is the best for all ages! Especially if you have youngsters starting. Alycia G.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google - LOVE Rodriguez ATA. They truly care about our children. They've become part of my family. The instructors are patient & kind towards the kids. Paige H.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google - This school has a diverse group of kids and adults. Great mix of fun and discipline. I highly recommend Rodriguez ATA! Colin S.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google

 #### Current Class ### Schedule Check out our current schedule to stay up to date on class time!
 Check out our current schedule to stay up to date on class time!
 Schedule

 #### Current ### Offers Ready to start training? Our current offers will help you get started with a FREE TRIAL class!
 Ready to start training? Our current offers will help you get started with a FREE TRIAL class!
 View Offers

 #### Rodriguez ATA Martial Arts Academy ### Programs Do you still have questions about our programs? We have answers!
 Do you still have questions about our programs? We have answers!
 Learn More
