---
source_url: http://prescottvalleymartialarts.com/adults/womens-self-defense
final_url: https://www.pvma.com.prescottvalleymartialarts.com/adults/womens-self-defense
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:44.582Z
---

Skip to main content
 Skip to navigation

 # Women's Self Defense

 RSVP FOR FREE

 Take Charge with "Keep It Simple Self Defense"
 Life can throw anything your way—are you ready to respond? Join us for a practical, beginner-friendly women’s self-defense seminar. Together, we’ll cover strategies to sharpen your awareness, handle confrontations with confidence, and use powerful, straightforward techniques to escape and defend yourself if necessary. You’ll leave with tools to stay calm and the confidence to navigate uncertain situations. Be prepared, be empowered—take charge of your safety!

 "For my Prescott area friends: we have another Women’s Self Defense seminar coming up in January. I highly recommend you attend with me no matter how confident or insecure you feel like you currently are—we have some excellent senseis at my dōjō with a wealth of experience in martial arts and TEACHING, the latter which is not always what you’ll receive on just any mat and worth its weight in gold. Every woman of any age can benefit and you’ll be spoken to in a way that helps you understand and execute, I can guarantee you that. You won’t feel lost and you won’t feel like an idiot; the mat at Shinpu-Ren Family Karate is the most embracing space, even for a beginner, and you’ll feel empowered even if you only master one technique. If you have a daughter, bring her too! All of our daughters should know how to defend their bodies immediately and with precision . " -Megan

 # practical and effective!

 # passive and aggressive!

 We aim to create an environment where women feel mentally empowered, capable of making informed decisions, and confident in their ability to protect themselves. Through this approach, we hope to contribute to a community where women can navigate the world with a heightened sense of security and resilience.

 By emphasizing the importance of situational awareness, offering practical self-defense techniques, and addressing the psychological aspects of empowerment, our goal is to inspire women to take an active role in their own safety.

 RSVP for Our Next FR EE Women’s Self-Defense Seminar !
 Saturday October 25th
 9am-11am
 Let's Pack the Mat!

 RSVP!

 Our mission is to empower women through self-defense training by fostering confidence, awareness, and preparedness. We are committed to providing the knowledge and skills necessary for personal safety, enabling women to navigate and overcome potentially threatening situations with strength and assurance.

 Google Sites

 Report abuse

 Page details

 Page updated

 Google Sites

 Report abuse
