---
source_url: http://bjjlifestyleacademy.com
final_url: https://bjjlifestyleacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:06.031Z
---

# St. Louis, MO & O’Fallon, IL Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ## Adult & Kids Classes + Gi & No Gi Instruction ### BJJ Lifestyle Academy Welcome to BJJ Lifestyle Academy, a premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu dojo led by Mike Rethmeyer, a 4th Degree Black Belt under Leo Peçanha. With two convenient locations in O’Fallon, Illinois , and St. Louis, MO , our academy provides instruction in both Gi and No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu/BJJ for adults and children . Whether you are an aspiring world-class competitor or looking to pick up BJJ as a hobby to learn self-defense and stay in shape, BJJ Lifestyle Academy is perfect for you.
 Our training programs are designed to help students develop and instill self-defense skills, discipline, confidence, physical conditioning, and integrity – along with a sense of community. We invite you to check out our schedule and stop by to watch or try out a free trial to see if our school is the right fit for you. Join us at BJJ Lifestyle Academy and experience the benefits of world-class training.
 We are honored to be sponsored by the U.S. Air Force Special Warfare . This partnership reflects our shared values of dedication, discipline, and commitment to excellence. As one of the most elite and highly trained units in the U.S. military, the Air Force Special Warfare is a perfect fit for our academy, which is dedicated to providing top-notch training to our students.
 Self-Defense | Dicipline | Confidence | Conditioning | Integrity | Community
 #### Enjoy a FREE BJJ TRIAL »

 ##
