---
source_url: https://vabjj.com/adult-programs
final_url: https://www.vabjj.com/adult-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:42.061Z
---

## ADULT PROGRAMS

 ### FundamentalS Our Fundamentals class is designed for beginners with little or no experience. Here, you will learn the basic moves, positions, and the fundamentals of BJJ. This class will help you learn step by step techniques that are essential to build a strong foundation in your BJJ practice. We believe that this class is very important and we encourage beginner students to review and drill these moves as often as they can.

 ### aDVANCED This class consists of drilling moves and rolling (live training) and will help you improve your competition game with advanced techniques. Students will start class with a warm up, working techniques and rolling towards the end of class. This class is at least an hour long and students are obligated to stay the whole class.

 ### NO-GI No-Gi class is designed for beginners and advanced students and consists of basic traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu technics adapted to make up for the lack of a uniform to grab. Class consists of warm-ups, technics, drilling and rolling. This class is an excellent way to transition your Brazilian Jiu- Jitsu technics into self-defense. Students must wear shorts and a rash guard to attend this class.

 ### ALL LEVELS Want to train BJJ, but work and life commitments keep you from training during the evenings? This class was designed for you! Just like our regular Adult Gi class, 6AM class consist of an hour class with warm-up, drilling/technique, and live rolling, allowing you to get a jump start on your day or a break during lunch time and get back to those life commitments.

 ### open mat Our open mat training is designed to allow students to work on specific trouble areas and practice learned techniques in a non-instructed format. The class is open to all members of any belt rank or age.
 This class allows members the opportunity to spar, drill, or analyze techniques and improve their Jiu-Jitsu Game. Visitors are very welcome anytime at our open mat. No Open Mat fees are charged.
