---
source_url: https://vabjj.com/kids-programs
final_url: https://www.vabjj.com/kids-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:42.286Z
---

## Kids Programs

 WHY KIDS SHOULD TRAIN BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU
 As parents, we all know that kids need to stay active and learn how to be a part of a team. Martial arts are a great way for kids to do both these things, but the added benefit is that it’s a year-round program. Instead of seasonal sports where progress is slower, kids who participate consistently in a martial arts program will see guaranteed changes in behavior at home and school. At VA Academy, we focus on building their life skills while they are making friends and learning martial arts. While we can think of a million reasons why kids should train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), here are some of the top reasons martial arts training is important for kids:
 - Physical benefits: Children who train BJJ are learning a healthy lifestyle by staying active, which, as most parents know, is difficult to do in this day in age with constant distractions, like video games and social media. Staying active burns calories, increases good cholesterol, decreases bad cholesterol, increases flexibility, increases balance and coordination, improves fitness, maintains healthy joints and keeps the heart rate up, all while learning how to defend yourself! Proper martial arts training should be fun and educational, all while increasing a child’s self-confidence, which can in turn manifest itself in many positive ways of a child’s life. - Self-Esteem: Self-esteem is developed in martial arts due to the ability to grow and set goals. At first, kids in BJJ class start off setting short-term goals, such as getting a feel for the movements and positions. These goals are realized after a few short months and are rewarded with a new belt or stripe where they can begin to see that hard work and consistency pays off! Once they realize that BJJ is not only a sport, but also a way of life they begin to reach for a higher goal, such as attaining the coveted black belt all while their self-esteem and self-confidence is growing. - Bully proof: Bullying is a well-documented and growing problem in schools these days. With no signs of slowing down, martial arts training can give much needed tools to the child on how to better deal with bullies and bullying situations. Martial arts teach children to stand up for themselves and for others if there is a bullying situation. Preventing bullying does not mean resorting to violence, it means having the confidence to stand up for what is right. However, what’s worse for parents other than learning their child is a victim of bullying is learning their child is being a bully his/herself. At VA Academy, we focus on building positive character traits and learning to help others, not hurt them. - Mental Health: Apart from self-esteem, BJJ is very mentally challenging which helps kids develop character and problem-solving skills. Compared to other martial arts, it can take up to an average of 10 years for adults to attain their black belt because of the complexity of the art. The ability of a BJJ student to learn how to deal with obstacles in a controlled environment gives the benefit of increased mental health because the student develops the ever-important “Never Give Up” attitude. That attitude is imperative in developing leaders and strong individuals who don’t see a limit to what they can accomplish and learn how to navigate their way through challenges. Along the way, your child will gain self-discipline, self-confidence, focus, and respect, just to name a few of the many mental benefits of training.
