---
source_url: https://manessjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.manessjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:15.521Z
---

# What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a grappling based martial art that is based on strategy and leverage to defend against a bigger and stronger aggressor.
 ​
 BJJ was developed by the Gracie family. Their primary goal was to prove that Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was the best and most effective martial art. T heir first competition to prove this was the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) where Royce Gracie won three out of the first four tournaments. BJJ has time and time again proven to be the best martial art for self defense.

 SIGN UP TODAY

 ## About Buster Maness
 I was born and raised on the West Side of Cincinnati. My first experience with martial arts/grappling was at the age of four when I started wrestling at Elder. Wrestling inspired me to pursue martial arts at the age of 23. I am a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and a brown belt in Judo. I received my Black Belt in 2018, under my coach & friend Jeff Robison. I’ve always enjoyed learning and training but I found my real passion when I started teaching BJJ in 2012. My mission is to share Jiu Jitsu and self-defense with my students & the community that I grew up in. Aside from teaching Jiu Jitsu I am also a husband, a father of two boys, and have been an electrician for twenty years.

 # class information
 ## ADULTS
 - Anyone can do it. Men, women, and children. - Do not need any prior martial arts training or experience - Learn how to protect yourself and your family - Do not have to be an athlete, strong, or flexible (you will get into shape) - Big emphasis on self defense - There are competitions for BJJ, these are not pushed or required, but are encouraged if wanting to pursue them - Relieves stress and helps with anxiety - Make new friends and be a part of a community - Safe Environment

 ## YOUTH ages 6-11
 Research shows that BJJ can be beneficial for the physical and mental wellbeing of children. Kids who participate in BJJ can develop their balance, coordination, strength, and endurance. Moreover, they can learn valuable skills such as problem solving, communication, discipline, and confidence. BJJ also teaches children self defense skills, which can increase their safety and self awareness
 ​
 - Builds confidence - Kids learn to stand up to themselves and not be bullied - Will participate in all aspects of class, no one will be left out like in many youth sports - There are competitions for BJJ, these are not pushed or required, but are encouraged if wanting to pursue them

 ## SELF DEFENSE
 Most of what you see with BJJ is on the ground, we emphasize the self defense aspect by learning what to do against an aggressor who is behind us, in front of us, or striking.
 During our normal class schedule we implement using BJJ against a striking and standing opponent while wearing gloves. This can simulate a real situation against an aggressor.
 We are available to teach private self defense lessons as well as group lessons. Contact us for pricing and availability.

 # sCHEDULE
 ## MONDAY
 ## TUESDAY
 ## THURSDAY
 ## SATURDAY
 ## Friday
 PRIVATE TRAINING:
 APPOINTMENT ONLY

 7-8 PM
 ADULT
 BJJ

 6-6:45 PM
 YOUTH
 BJJ
 ​
 7-8 PM
 ADULT
 BJJ

 11 AM - NOON
 OPEN MAT

 5 AM - 6 AM
 "BREAKFAST CLUB"
 OPEN MAT

 ## Shop Maness JIu Jitsu & Self Defense
 Merchandise Available in Our Online Store

 Fightwear, Hoodies, and More!

 Shop Now
