---
source_url: http://www.coronabjj.net
final_url: https://www.coronabjj.net/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:51.910Z
---

# JIU-JITSU TRAINING IN CORONA, CALIFORNIA Founded and Run by World-Class Instructor & UFC Coach Jimmy Tat.

 Join Our Gym
 Join Our Gym

 ### WELCOME TO CORONA BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art, combat sport, and self-defense system that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. Brazilian jiu-jitsu was formed from Kodokan Judo ground fighting fundamentals. Brazilian jiu-jitsu eventually came to be its own art through the experiments, practices, and adaptation of judo through Carlos and Hélio Gracie (who passed their knowledge on to their extended family) as well as other instructors who were students of Maeda.
 BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint-locks and chokeholds to defeat the opponent. BJJ training can be used for sport grappling tournaments (gi and no-gi) and mixed martial arts (MMA) competitions or self-defense.
 Sparring (commonly referred to as “rolling”) and live drilling play a major role in training, and a premium is placed on performance, especially in competition, in relation to progress and ascension through its ranking system.

 ### MEET JIMMY

 Corona Jiu-Jitsu was founded by black belt champion Jimmy Tat in 2014.

 Learn More

 #### Learn about our current classes and sign up for a 30-day trial today.

 Learn More
 Learn More

 ### "Jiu-jitsu and martial arts do not build character, they reveal it. We are all born with unmeasurable courage and determination, but it is as we go through the trials of rigorous training that we rediscover those gifts." - Ricardo Almeida
