---
source_url: https://www.sajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.sajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:37.724Z
---

Try a Free Class

 ## ABOUT OUR JIU-JITSU ACADEMY
 San Antonio Jiu-Jitsu Academy is a family owned and operated jiu-jitsu gym based in the Alamo Ranch area of San Antonio. We warmly welcome enthusiasts of all ages and skill levels to experience the versatile and practical martial art of Jiu-Jitsu. Jiu-Jitsu is grappling-based and emphasizes technique and leverage over strength and size. Developed in Brazil in the early 20th century, it has become one of the most popular martial arts in the world, known for its effectiveness in self-defense and as a competitive sport.
 ​
 We offer comprehensive training, providing high-level instruction in a positive and challenging environment. Our experienced instructors are dedicated to helping students develop their skills and reach their full potential.
 ​
 We believe that Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art - it's a way of life. Through training, our students develop discipline, confidence, and resilience that extends beyond the mat. Community, family, and developing relationships are what we love, Jiu-Jitsu is how we do it.

 About

 Free Mango Reviews Widget

 Previous Review
 Next review
 Jeri Romesha

 2026-03-28

 Our son has been coming to training here for the past 1 1/2 years, it’s been a great experience, he has learned a lot, and is progressing in his skills. The instructors provide a great structured environment for teaching Jiu-Jitsu, respect and discipline. It’s been really helpful for our son who had a hard time losing (in any setting), but in this environment he has learned that losing isn’t bad, losing is about learning, which has also been globalized for him into other settings. Plus, where else can you get training from World Champions?

 Brandon Gonzalez

 2026-03-13

 We just signed our daughter up at this gym, could not be happier so far. The Coaches are very attentive to the children, they also have very strong discipline for the children as well. We are happy and excited to watch her grow at this gym.

 H. C.

 2025-11-28

 Today, I visited the facility for an after-Thanksgiving open mat. The team was exceptionally welcoming, and the rolls were of high quality. The instructors demonstrated advanced techniques, and the overall atmosphere was friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend this establishment to any Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioners traveling through the area. Grabbed me some mech on the way out.

 James C

 2025-09-18

 “I can’t say enough good things about this BJJ gym. The atmosphere is welcoming and has a relaxed, family feel that makes you look forward to every class. The professors and coaches are not only highly skilled but also incredibly supportive. Training partners are respectful, encouraging, and push you to get better without any pressure. You’re encouraged to learn and grow at your own pace, which makes the experience both motivating and enjoyable. I highly recommend this gym to anyone interested in training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.”

 Nicollette Singleton

 2025-05-16

 Everyone is so nice and I love the family atmosphere.

 4.5/5

 Rating

 Based on

 500 reviews

 Google

 4.5/5

 based on

 500 reviews
 Rating

 6

 ## PRINCIPLES OF OUR JIU-JITSU SCHOOL

 Respect
 Self-Discipline

 Focus
 Confidence

 Safety
 Leadership

 # CLASSES

 Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 (Gi & No-Gi)

 Ages 4-12
 Our kids Jiu-Jitsu classes are designed to provide your child with all of the skills needed to successfully handle altercations that may put them in danger or feel uncomfortable. We understand the importance of teaching our kids not only how to defend themselves but also how to conduct themselves in any situation. Jiu-Jitsu for our children is much more than a self defense program. It is a general life and growth program teaching our youth the importance of discipline, respect, and confidence.

 Adults Jiu-Jitsu
 (Gi & No-Gi)

 Ages 13+
 Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting with the goal of gaining a dominant position and using joint-locks and choke holds to force an opponent to submit. It promotes the principle that a smaller, weaker person using leverage and proper technique can successfully defend themselves against a bigger, stronger assailant. It can be trained for self defense, sport tournaments and mixed martial arts.

 Classes

 Class Schedule
 #### Class Schedule
 ###### Monday
 - 4:30 p.m. - Kids Gi - 5:30 p.m. - Kids Gi - 6:30 p.m. - Adults Gi

 ###### Tuesday
 - 4:30 p.m. - Kids No-Gi - 5:30 p.m. - Kids No-Gi - 6:30 p.m. - Adults No-Gi (this class is FREE to military, veterans and first responders)

 ###### Wednesday
 - ​4:30 p.m. - Kids Gi - 5:30 p.m. - Kids Competition Gi (3 stripe white belt or higher AND age 7+) - 6:30 p.m. - Adults Gi

 ###### Thursday
 - 4:30 p.m. - Kids No-Gi - 5:30 p.m. - Kids No-Gi - 6:30 p.m. - Adults No-Gi

 ###### Friday
 - 5:30 p.m. - Kids Gi - 6:30 p.m. - Adults Competition Gi

 ###### Saturday
 - 10:00 a.m. - Kids Gi

 ###### Sunday
 - CLOSED

 ## CONTACT US
 6846 Alamo Pkwy, #108 San Antonio, TX 78253
 contact@sajiujitsu.com
 210-693-9979

 - - -

 Contact
 Get In Touch
 Thanks for submitting!
