---
source_url: https://www.carlsongracieoc.com/programs/kids-martial-arts-orange-county-ca/
final_url: https://www.carlsongracieoc.com/programs/kids-martial-arts-orange-county-ca/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:27.301Z
---

Kid’s classes for ages 5-7 are held on Tuesday and Thursday from 4:00-4:45. Kids ages 7-10 have classes Monday-Thursday at 5:00-5:45. Uniforms worn are called “kimonos or gis” and consists of a jacket, pants and a belt. For kids this age, our belt system goes as follows: white, white w/black line, grey w/white line, grey, grey w/black line, yellow w/white line, yellow, yellow w/black line, orange w/white line, orange, orange w/black line, green w/white line, green, green w/black line. We use 1 piece of red tape at the end of the belt in between belt promotions. For example: With proper attendance it takes approximately 1 year to progress from grey w/white stripe to an all grey belt. 6 months into this stage, they will receive a red tape or “stripe” signifying that they are half way to the next belt. This is done for encouragement and visual progression. If a child is not progressing or needs more time invested, a white piece of tape is given signifying they are half way to the red stripe.
 The main focus in this class is to get kids to listen, follow directions, and respect fellow teammates, while learning to do basic warm-up exercises that strengthen their body and mind in a fun environment. We have a “Junior Creed” that is recited before each class:
 - I promise to keep my room clean. - I promise to obey my parents and teachers. - I promise to always be polite and respectful. - I promise to tell the truth and honor my word. - I promise not to fight with my brothers and sisters. - I promise to always do my best and never give up.
 Every class ends with a game and smiles, with the hopes of a positive feeling and a good attitude. Attendance points are calculated (1 per class) and can be redeemed for toys and goodies after class. We offer a free class, no reservations necessary.
