---
source_url: https://groundcontroljiu-jitsu.com/page/programs
final_url: https://groundcontroljiu-jitsu.com/page/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:55.657Z
---

# Programs
 ### Adult/Teen Gi Jiu-Jitsu An amazing workout and iron-clad self-defense skills are at your fingertips with Ground Control Jiu-Jitsu. Our authentic Jiu-Jitsu training will teach you the most effective self-defense in the world while building your muscles and improving your day-to-day life with increased health and happiness.

 ### Adult/Teen No Gi Jiu-Jitsu Come see what No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has to offer. Learn real-world, proven grappling techniques without the Gi. No Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is high intensity, fast-paced, and perfect for self-defense! Learn more today!

 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu Treat your child to the best Kids Martial Arts Classes in Glenpool with our exciting Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program. We work with students of all ages and abilities, helping them build confidence, strength, and more!

 ### One-On-One Get the most out of every session by enrolling in our Private Training. We offer one-on-one training sessions by appointment, which will allow you to create a personalized training routine with one of our awesome instructors. Improve your Jiu-Jitsu skills, build your fitness, lose weight... whatever your goals are, we'll help you achieve them.

 ### MMA Whether you are looking to learn valuable self-defense skills, train for competition, or just try out an efficient total body workout, our MMA classes at Ground Control Jiu-Jitsu are perfect for you. Build the most functional strength possible with this discipline, which teaches you to use every inch of your body in an attempt to take down your opponent.

 Request More Info # Request More Info No pressure, no commitment. Just tell us how to reach you, and we’ll help answer any questions you have or book a free trial class.
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch
 Thanks! We’ll be in touch shortly to answer your questions.

 - Phone 9186716604 - Address 14010 S Peoria Ave Suite #104 Glenpool, OK 74008 - Email ginngraphics@gmail.com Contact Us
 - © Ground Control Jiu-Jitsu - - Powered by Gymdesk
