---
source_url: http://claudiofrancabjj.com/
final_url: https://claudiofrancabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:51.852Z
---

#### #### Welcome to # Claudio França BJJ

 ## Claudio Franca BJJ NEW LOCATION
 ### New Scotts Valley location coming soon on our front landing page as soon as possible. 6006 La Madrone, Suite B, Scotts Valley, CA 95066

 #### The Benefits of ## Martial Arts in Santa Cruz, San Jose, Watsonville, & Scotts Valley
 At Claudio França BJJ in Santa Cruz, San Jose, Watsonville and Scotts Valley, we believe that martial arts training can help every child and adult develop the mental and physical skills they need to succeed in life. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just about self-defense like many believe, although it is the most complete self-defense system in which you can be trained. At Claudio França, it’s all about self-confidence, self-esteem, improved focus, physical strength, and positive social interaction. Claudio França teaches our members to set goals, work hard, and follow-through, all the while having fun and making friends. Our teachers and staff bring you the highest quality Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in a friendly, respectful, family environment.
 ###

 ## Special Offers Ready to start for FREE? Check out our Latest Offers!!

 ## Programs Our teachers and staff bring you the highest quality Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in a friendly, respectful, family environment. Whether you’re looking for discipline, fitness, sport or self-defense training, we will meet your needs.

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Improved Focus

 ##### Boosts Self Confidence

 ##### Weight Loss

 ##### Positive Social Interaction

 ##### You'll Have Fun

 ##### Anti-Bullying Education

 #####

 #### ## Gallery

 ## Testimonials

 Great school! Positive atmosphere, knowledgable instructors. With the new gym that they moved to, there is a ton of space for rolling.

 Timur Valiulin , Google Review

 A fatastic place to learn, to train. Tolerant, helpful, kind peers, mentors. Clean, safe environment. Best place to train BJJ.

 Danhui Nai , Google Review

 awesome place to train! My son has been training here at Claudio Franca Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy for roughly 6 years. My daughters and wife have all taking classes here as well. very friendly and professional environment. Great instructors with experience and knowledge.

 Louie Sandoval , Google Review

 Good old school training at this gym. If your looking for a tough place to learn how to roll this is your place

 Mark Bedoya , Google Review

 There are no egos here and constructive yet friendly criticism is given everyday

 Justin F. , Yelp Reivew

 The instructors, Claudio, Erik, and Tyson are top notch and the members are very helpful and friendly.

 Lawson T. , Yelp Review

 “I've been to other BJJ schools and there is a HUGE difference between the purple belts here and purple belts elsewhere.”

 Rain F. , Yelp Review

 ## Contact Us Today!

 ##### Santa Cruz
 831-476-7650
 1658 Soquel Dr Ste C, Santa Cruz, CA 95065
 ##### San Jose
 408-377-8577
 14800 Camden Ave, San Jose, CA 95124
 ##### Watsonville
 831-288-0722
 523 Main St, Watsonville, CA 95076
 ##### Scotts Valley
 (831) 621-2085
 scottsvalley@claudiofrancabjj.com
 6006 La Madrona Drive Ste B, Scotts Valley, CA 95066
 Our community-based method of instruction integrates beginners into ongoing classes with advanced students. Newcomers learn not only from the class instructor, but also from more experienced students, providing a wider pool of knowledge, wisdom and technique.
 ### Stop in to visit and get your FIRST CLASS FREE.
 Don’t hesitate to call. We want to meet you and hear your goals.

 Please select a location: Santa Cruz San Jose Watsonville Scotts Valley

 ## Let Us Know You Were Here!
 ### Santa Cruz 1658 Soquel Dr., Suite C, Santa Cruz, California 95065
 831-476-7650
 santacruz@claudiofrancabjj.com
 ### San Jose 14800 Camden Ave. San Jose, CA 95124
 408-377-8577
 sanjose@claudiofrancabjj.com
 ### Watsonville 523 Main St., Watsonville, CA 95076
 831-288-0722
 watsonville@claudiofrancabjj.com
 ### Scotts Valley 6006 La Madrona Drive, Suite B, Scotts Valley, CA 95066
 (831) 476-7650
 scottsvalley@claudiofrancabjj.com

 ## Special Offers Whether you’re looking to try out a single class or start your journey down the road to black belt, the offers here can help you get to where you want to be.

 Special Offers
