---
source_url: http://www.firsttaekwondoaz.com/
final_url: https://firsttaekwondoaz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:18.605Z
---

###### Life Champions Made Here “Thanks for visiting. We’d love to have you as a student at our martial arts
 school. But first, you should learn more about us by reviewing the info on this
 site. I hope you find your visit valuable and I look forward to hearing from you.”
 – Grand Master Rubben Lolly
 # Exciting Martial Arts Classes in Chandler

 Learn More

 Get Your Free Trial Class!
 No Strings Attached

 First & Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Select a Program Select a Program Adult Martial Arts Children's Martial Arts Competition Team Family Martial Arts
 Get My Free Trial!

 WE OFFER A FREE TRIAL CLASS
 ## Empower Your Journey with First Taekwondo Step into a world where tradition meets family-friendly fun and personal growth. First Taekwondo in Chandler offers a rich tapestry of classes designed for all ages and stages. From the dynamic kicks of our Children’s Martial Arts Classes to the empowering techniques of our Adult Martial Arts, and the unique bonding experience of our Family Martial Arts, each class is a step towards mastery and confidence. Embark on your martial arts journey with us and become part of a community that celebrates strength in unity.

 ### Children’s Martial Arts Classes Unlock your child’s potential with our engaging martial arts classes designed to build confidence, discipline, and respect. Our expert instructors create a fun, supportive environment for kids to learn and grow.

 Learn More

 ### Adult Martial Arts Classes Step onto the mat for our Adult Martial Arts Classes and find your balance of mind, body, and spirit. These sessions provide a great workout and self-defense skills in a community-focused setting.

 Learn More

 ### Family Martial Arts Classes Bring the family together with our Family Martial Arts Classes, where you can bond and build lifelong skills through shared learning and laughter. Experience the joy of growing stronger together, both physically and as a unit.

 Learn More

 TRADITION MEETS EXCELLENCE
 ## About Us – First Taekwondo: Your Premier Martial Arts School Dive into the rich heritage of Taekwondo at First Taekwondo, a martial arts studio where tradition and transformation go hand in hand. Taekwondo is more than just a martial art; it’s a pathway to enhancing your physical abilities, sharpening your mental focus, and nurturing your spiritual growth.
 As a cornerstone of our community, we pride ourselves on creating a supportive environment where every member can set and achieve their personal goals, striving to become the best version of themselves. Our commitment to a high standard of excellence is evident in all aspects of life, encouraging continuous improvement both in and out of the dojo.
 Join us to kickstart your journey of self-discovery and community connection, where every punch and kick takes you closer to personal greatness.

 EMPOWERMENT THROUGH PRACTICE
 ## The Benefits of Taekwondo Discover the multifaceted benefits of Taekwondo at First Taekwondo, where physical prowess, mental resilience, and community spirit thrive. Our focused training fosters discipline, bolsters confidence, and teaches valuable self-defense, all while you progress towards personal goals in a supportive environment. Join us and experience the transformative power of Taekwondo, shaping excellence in every aspect of life.

 ### Physical Fitness Taekwondo is an excellent way to improve one’s physical conditioning. It builds strength, improves flexibility, and enhances cardiovascular health through rigorous training and exercises.

 ### Self-Confidence As individuals progress in Taekwondo, they achieve new belts and learn more complex techniques, which can significantly boost self-esteem and confidence. They also can take on leadership roles.

 ### Self-Defense Learning Taekwondo equips individuals with self-defense techniques, fostering a sense of security and confidence in their ability to protect themselves if necessary.

 ### Discipline and Respect Taekwondo teaches discipline, respect for authority figures and peers, and the importance of hard work and dedication. These values can positively impact personal and professional life.

 ### Goal-Setting and Achievement The belt ranking system in Taekwondo motivates practitioners to set and achieve goals, instilling a sense of accomplishment as they progress from one level to the next.

 ### Social Interaction Joining a Taekwondo class provides an opportunity to meet new people and become part of a community with shared interests, which can be particularly beneficial for children and adults alike.

 CONNECT & ENGAGE
 ## Beyond the Screen Foster lasting friendships on the mat at First Taekwondo, where connections are built with every block and kick, away from the digital world. Replace screen time with real-time interaction, cultivating healthy habits and camaraderie in a dynamic and engaging setting.

 “Such an amazing place! Our daughter has learned great skills, her attitude has improved, and she has developed great relationships. All the Masters are loving and invest so much into our kids. Best decision we’ve made!!”

 Annamari Hogan

 “ We joined First Taekwondo almost a year ago. Our kids did karate at another school and when we made the switch the masters allowed the kids to keep their belt status so they wouldn’t feel like they’ve worked for nothing. Ever since we’ve joined we’ve really seen the difference in the way the masters here teach and the attitude our little ones bring to class. Master Aaron is usually the one that teaches the little dragons and his patience is truly comforting. “

 Lisa Logan

 ## Check Us Out On Social Media!

 1,755

 First Taekwondo Arizona First Taekwondo Arizona

 First Taekwondo Arizona
 1 day ago

 FIGHTING!!! BLACK BELT PHYSICAL TESTING PART 1 OF OUR BLACK BELT TEST! . WE ARE READY! LET US WISH OUR CANDIDATES THE BEST OF LUCK! ... See MoreSee Less
 View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linked In Share by Email

 View Comments

 likes

 love

 15

 Shares:

 1

 Comments:

 2

 First Taekwondo Arizona
 2 days ago

 Lifelong friendships are just one of the many benefits our students experience. We invite you to bring your child for a complimentary trial and watch as they improve their social skills, make new friends, and have fun in a supportive environment. Www.firsttaekwondoaz.com 480-632-1894 ... See MoreSee Less
 Learn More
 fb.me
 www.facebook.com

 View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linked In Share by Email

 View Comments

 likes

 love

 3

 Shares:

 1

 Comments:

 0

 First Taekwondo Arizona
 4 days ago

 We specialize in transforming young lives by fostering success, confidence, and respect. Our programs are designed for children starting at 3 1/2 years old. Take the first step towards a brighter future; visit Www.firsttaekwondoaz.com or call 480-632-1894 to arrange a free trial. ... See MoreSee Less
 View on Facebook · Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Linked In Share by Email

 View Comments

 likes

 love

 haha

 234

 Shares:

 7

 Comments:

 1

 Load more

 ## Visit Our YouTube Channel

 Go To YouTube

 “Our two kids joined First Taekwondo as black belts more than a year ago and I can honestly say that all of our highest expectations have been met and more. Our kids are not only enjoying the world class training they are receiving here, but they are also seeing the results of their hard work by testing their skills and making their marks in the USA Taekwondo competitions. The energy and the expert knowledge our masters bring into this dojang are second to none and it is hard not to be inspired by their enthusiasm and dedication. We feel truly blessed to have become part of the First Taekwondo family and we look forward to the bright future made possible by First Taekwondo. Thank you!”

 Danielle Tao

 TAKE THE FIRST STEP
 ## Join Our Community Embark on an exciting journey of self-improvement and community spirit at First Taekwondo. Fill out the form below to claim your free trial class and discover the life-changing benefits of martial arts. Start your path to empowerment today!

 Get Your Free Trial Class!
 No Strings Attached

 First & Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Select a Program Select a Program Adult Martial Arts Children's Martial Arts Competition Team Family Martial Arts
 Get My Free Trial!
