---
source_url: https://alliancejjwilmington.com/programs/
final_url: https://alliancejjwilmington.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:34.845Z
---

Menu

 # PROGRAMS

 ## KIDS

 Jiu Jitsu is a fun and demanding workout for your child, plus will gain physical and mental health benefits while meeting other kids:
 - Get in great shape - Build self-confidence - Improve respect, discipline, and self-control - Enhance focus and attention span - Prevent bullying - Meet other great kids.
 We have kid’s classes for kids 3-16 years old that provide character development and personal growth that affect every area of life.
 Memberships: $85 for mini turtles ( 3-5) and $105 for first child ages 6 and up a month , no contract.

 ## ADULTS

 ###### Fundamental class In this class you will learn the Foundation of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Learning to leverage the body and focus on situational training. Developing the foundations of the sport, learning to defend yourself, and building self confidence.

 ###### Advance GI Focus on advanced techniques of Jiu Jitsu, more competitive, and very specific situational training for athletes and jiujiteiro alike to hone in on their abilities. It is focused on strategy, designed to help the athlete develop proficiency and heightened awareness.

 ###### No GI Wrestling and Jiu Jitsu combined in one class. Grappling with the use of traditional Jiu Jitsu with the combination of wrestling without the use of the conventional uniform or gi. The main advantage of no GI training is that it helps to achieve better control positions and hold downs and provides a fast paced game.
 Membership: $120 a month, no contracts.

 - 910 249 4505 - [email protected] - 141 s navassa rd Leland, NC 28451

 Follow us:

 Facebook-f Instagram

 © 2022 | Shield Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
