---
source_url: http://triplethreatbjj.com
final_url: https://www.triplethreatbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:39.896Z
---

## Sign up now to claim your free trial! Follow the link to sign up
 Register Here
 # JIU JITSU FOR EVERYONE.
 Whether you've trained before, heard about jiu jitsu from podcasts or social media, want to get in shape, learn to defend yourself, a former athlete looking to pick up a new sport, or have never played a sport before Jiu Jitsu is for you. Nurse, doctor, accountant, stay at home mom, student, teacher, or armed forces veteran, we are here for YOU!
 We meet you where you are and start building .
 ​

 # Class Schedule

 ## SAFE. FAMILY FRIENDLY. INCLUSIVE. PERSONALIZED.
 We understand that the physicality and close proximity of jiu jitsu can be incredibly intimidating for beginners. Sadly, this prevents many people from starting the life transforming art of Jiu jitsu. We'll make sure you're comfortable while building a solid foundation of jiu jitsu.

 Get in Touch

 ## TRIPLE THREAT JIU JITSU SERVICES
 Jiu jitsu for everyone.

 ### ADULT JIU JITSU - ALL LEVELS
 Classes focus on strong fundamentals, proper technique execution, and the conceptual aspects of jiu jitsu.

 Click for Free Trial

 ### YOUTH JIU JITSU
 Putting the FUN in fundamentals. Students learn jiu jitsu while gaining self-discipline, self-confidence, and getting physically fit.

 Click for free trial

 ### PRIVATE LESSONS (Small Group/Individual)
 Take your training to the next level with one on one or small group instruction. Can't make it to the gym? We can bring the mats to you.

 Contact us

 ## GET IN TOUCH
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 ## You can purchase a gi here
 ## Schedule
 Monday
 - Adult/Teen Fundamentals: 7:00 PM – 8:00 PM
 Tuesday & Thursday
 - Children & Youth Class: 6:30 PM – 7:15 PM - Adult/Teen Class: 7:15 PM – 8:45 PM
 Saturday
 - Adult/Teen Class: 7:30 AM – 8:45 AM - Children & Youth Class: 9:15 AM – 10:00 AM

 2018-03-27 20.31.55

 20201110_183433

 DSC04931

 2018-03-27 20.31.55

 1/4
