---
source_url: http://www.aegisjj.com
final_url: https://www.aegisjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:49.290Z
---

Congrats
 to our competitors!
 SEE RESULTS >>

 # Monday, July 22
 Aegis
 [ EE-jis ]

 A form of protection or support.
 ​
 The bronze shield of Athena used by Perseus to slay Medusa.
 ​
 Mindful jiu jitsu embodied.

 Confidence • Sportsmanship • Self-Awareness • Self-Respect

 #### WHY JIU JITSU?
 Improved strength
 Enhanced coordination
 S timulated mind
 ​
 The mechanics of jiu jitsu range widely in complexity; there are moves (and speeds) for every level participant.
 ​
 Excelling in this "human chess" demands high-level strategy and problem solving.

 A social but individually-driven sport
 Jiu jitsu is not a team sport; you are the driving force behind your own advancement.
 But you can't roll alone...and you'll meet other talented, like-minded people at our classes.

 A workout with real-world applications
 It's said that most fights end up on the ground; that's exactly the position our sport is structured around.
 ​
 Jiu jitsu helps level the playing field between opponents of different sizes, so it's especially relevant for women and kids.

 About Us
 #### THE AEGIS DIFFERENCE
 Aegis was designed to fill the void for a west-end, family-oriented self defense school that offers customized instruction within a work-friendly schedule and at an exceptional value. Our commitment to accommodating all student types and the welcoming atmosphere of our modern facility combine to form the cornerstone of our positive culture.

 FAQs
 #### FOCUS
 We focus on quality content taught by dedicated instructors in a clean, safe learning environment.

 #### PLEDGE
 All of our classes are taught by attentive, experienced instructors who have passed thorough background checks .
 ​

 #### MODEL
 Our facility, syllabi, and classes mirror some of the top academies in the country, and we continue to learn from them.

 #### TECH
 We embrace technology in the forms of in-class visual aids, personal video breakdowns, online members-only content, and more.

 #### TEAM
 Our staff members are unique, talented, and professional with a sincere passion for teaching martial arts.

 #### EDGE
 We consistently review the latest jiu jitsu techniques, theories, and advancements in order to offer you modern, ever-evolving instruction.

 2025 FUJI VAB Fall Championship 02

 2025 FUJI VAB Fall Championship 01

 Aegis Open Mat

 2025 FUJI VAB Fall Championship 02

 1/145

 Team
 #### THE AEGIS TEAM
 ## DAVE ## KENWORTHY
 FOUNDER & HEAD INSTRUCTOR
 ​
 ​
 - 3rd-degree black belt in jiu jitsu - Student of jiu jitsu since 2003 - Teaching since 2010 - Gold medals: Grappler's Quest, Copa Atlantica, and NAGA (2x) - Bronze medals: Pan IBJJF Championship (2x) - Certified USA Wrestling Coach - Wears Christmas socks year-round

 ## CHRISTINE ## KENWORTHY
 MANAGING
 PARTNER
 ​
 ​
 - Manages Aegis operations, memberships, finance, and marketing - Obsessively organized - Artistically gifted - Thankful her three cats don't know jiu jitsu

 ## BRETT ## SCOTT
 PRINCIPAL
 ​
 ​
 - Student of jiu jitsu since 2017 - Proof that you're never too old to start training - Proud father of four jiu jitsu-capable kids - Successful restaurateur - Keeps Dave and Christine in check

 ## AUSTIN HIGHFILL
 SENIOR
 INSTRUCTOR
 ​ ​
 ​ ​
 - Purple belt in jiu jitsu - Student of jiu jitsu since 2019 - Seven years of wrestling - Certified USA Wrestling Coach - 2nd-degree black belt in Taekwondo - Coaching kids since 2007 - Silver medals: AGF - CPR / First Aid Certified

 ## SABRINA WILLIAMS
 ​
 INSTRUCTOR
 ​ ​
 ​ ​
 - Purple belt in jiu jitsu - Gracie Women's Empowered Pink Belt - Student of jiu jitsu since 2016 - Proud boy mom of three jiu-jitsu-wrestlers - Gummy bear connoisseur

 ## NICHOLAS ## SCHWEITZER
 INSTRUCTOR
 ​ ​
 ​ ​
 - Purple belt in jiu jitsu - Student of jiu jitsu since 2020 - Gold/silver/bronze medals in IBJJF, AGF, PBJJF, Fight2Win & Bushido Superfight tournaments - Coaching since 2021 - Inspired by jiu jitsu to finish his degree

 ## APPLICANTS WELCOME
 INSTRUCTOR(S)
 WANTED
 ​ ​
 ​ ​
 - We're seeking an Assistant Instructor for Kids' Classes - BJJ experience required - blue belt or higher - Must be consistently available for one weekly class (min) - Must pass employer's background check

 Contact Us to Apply

 Contact
 ## CONTACT ## US
 ## We text!
 ## 804-214-6044
 ## contact@aegisjj.com
 - -

 Subscribe to Our Site
 SUBMIT
 Thanks for joining!

 Subscribe
