---
source_url: http://www.renzograciereno.com
final_url: https://www.renzograciereno.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:42.651Z
---

###### Lay the Foundation with Our
 ### Black Belt Instructors

 ### "Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world."

 Benefit from greatly increased
 physical fitness.

 Increase your
 problem-solving ability.

 Have the support of a close group of
 like-minded fellow students.

 Safety is top priority and
 proper control is emphasized.

 Work
 ### About
 Max McGarr is Head Professor of Renzo Gracie Academy's Reno location and a third degree black belt directly under Renzo Gracie and John Danaher.
 A two-time cancer survivor, two-time gold medal PanAm champion, and one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet, Max has spent half his life training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, submission grappling, and Muay Thai. He spent over 16 years training directly with Renzo Gracie and John Danaher in New York City.
 Max taught fundamentals, advanced gi, no-gi submission grappling, and MMA at the flagship Renzo Gracie Academy in NYC for over a decade. He was a student favorite and held packed classes daily. Max holds a Bachelors in human movement and sports science, where he held an assistant teaching position in physics. He attended graduate school for biomechanics and physical therapy.

 This academy has put out a huge amount of champions over the years. One of the most important figures in the development of those athletes was Max McGarr.

 ## John Danaher, Renzo Gracie black belt

 ### Contact Renzo Gracie Reno
 Interested in becoming part of the Renzo Gracie family? Contact us and we'll see you on the mats!
 ​

 ##### Location
 6370 Mae Anne Ave.
 Suite 6
 Reno, NV 89523

 ##### Call Us
 775-378-6370

 ##### Email Us
 Send >
 Success! Message received. We will respond with 1 business day.

 Contact
