---
source_url: https://bcbjj.org/classes
final_url: https://www.bcbjj.org/kids-bjj-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:56.000Z
---

Piggy Pie, the BCBJJ team mascot

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 Jiu-jitsu offers several benefits for kids, making it a great choice for their development. Here’s why it’s particularly good for children:
 - Self-Discipline and Focus: Jiu-jitsu teaches kids to follow instructions, practice regularly, and set goals. The structured environment of a jiu-jitsu class helps them develop discipline and the ability to focus on tasks. - Confidence Building: As kids learn new techniques and successfully apply them, they gain a sense of achievement and self-confidence. This confidence often extends beyond the mat and positively impacts other areas of their lives. - Physical Fitness: Jiu-jitsu provides a comprehensive workout that improves strength, coordination, flexibility, and overall fitness. It helps kids stay active and healthy while having fun. - Problem-Solving Skills: Jiu-jitsu is a highly strategic martial art that requires critical thinking and problem-solving. Kids learn to adapt their techniques and think on their feet, which enhances their cognitive abilities. - Self-Defense Skills: Learning jiu-jitsu gives kids practical self-defense skills. They learn how to handle themselves in potentially threatening situations, which can contribute to their safety and security. - Respect and Etiquette: Jiu-jitsu classes often emphasize respect for instructors, training partners, and the art itself. Kids learn the importance of etiquette, humility, and good sportsmanship, which are valuable life skills. - Social Interaction: Participating in jiu-jitsu classes allows kids to interact with peers and build friendships. The camaraderie and teamwork involved in training foster positive social interactions and teamwork. - Emotional Regulation: Jiu-jitsu helps kids manage their emotions and handle stress. The physical activity and structured environment provide an outlet for energy and frustration, and learning to stay calm under pressure is an important life skill. - Goal Setting and Achievement: The progression system in jiu-jitsu, with its belt rankings and techniques, teaches kids about setting goals and working towards them. This process can be motivating and rewarding for young learners. - Encourages Persistence: Jiu-jitsu involves facing and overcoming challenges. Kids learn that progress takes time and effort, helping them develop perseverance and resilience.
 Overall, jiu-jitsu provides a well-rounded experience that supports physical, mental, and emotional development in children, making it a valuable activity for their growth.
 BCBJJ offers two kids’ programs: both gi and no-gi classes during the evening, and a Thursday daytime no-gi class for homeschoolers.
