---
source_url: https://bcbjj.org
final_url: https://www.bcbjj.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:56.192Z
---

# Come TRAIN with Berks!

 Get fit and fight ready! Jiu-jitsu, MMA, Kickboxing, Strength and conditioning! ALL ABOARD!!
 4700 N 5th Street hwy, Temple PA 19560

 Try a Free Class
 Try a Free Class

 # DESTINATION: CONFIDENCE, MENTAL HEALTH, PHYSICAL HEALTH, GREATNESS! # /
 # DESTINATION: CONFIDENCE, MENTAL HEALTH, PHYSICAL HEALTH, GREATNESS! /

 ## Legacy of Excellence

 For over 20 years , Berks County BJJ has been shaping lives and building champions since 2003. Discover our rich history and commitment to excellence.

 ## Meet Our Instructors

 Learn from the best. Our experienced instructors are passionate about sharing their knowledge and dedicated to helping you achieve your martial arts goals.

 # Explore our Classes Transform your life through martial arts. Whether you're an adult looking to master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, a parent wanting to empower your child, or an athlete seeking to enhance your performance, we have the perfect program for you. Our expert instructors and comprehensive curriculum will help you achieve your goals and unlock your full potential.

 ### Adult Jiu Jitsu

 Master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Learn effective self-defense, increase fitness, and build confidence with our expert instruction. All levels welcome.

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu

 Empower your child. Develop discipline, respect, and anti-bullying skills while having fun. Our age-appropriate program builds confidence and character.

 ### Striking

 Unleash your inner fighter. Improve your boxing and kickboxing skills with our dynamic striking classes. Build power, speed, and coordination.

 ### Strength & Fitness

 Get stronger, faster, and fitter. Enhance your overall athletic performance with our functional fitness workouts. Build explosive power and endurance.

 # Follow The Action
