---
source_url: http://www.legacyglendale.com
final_url: https://www.legacybjj.com/glendale
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:56.332Z
---

## LEGACY GLENDALE

 ## WELCOME TO LEGACY GLENDALE
 # We're honored to have you join our academy and be part of your Jiu-Jitsu journey. Here you will learn Jiu-Jitsu techniques, be introduced to the Jiu -Jitsu lifestyle and more importantly, learn what it means to be a Martial Artist. As you practice this gentle art, you will develop your physical, emotional, and social skills increasing your every day confidence. By understanding how to apply this Martial Art, students will also develop their self-defense capability. Our mission is to provide unwavering support and inspiration to everyone who walks through our doors. We want to see you thrive not only on the mat but also in every aspect of your life. We're here to guide you, push you, and help you become the best version of yourself through Jiu-Jitsu. We offer a variety of classes tailored to different age groups and skill levels. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are perfect for beginners, intermediates, and advanced students of all ages. We believe in providing a safe and nurturing environment for children to learn and grow, while also offering programs specifically designed for women, empowering them to develop self-defense skills and boost their overall fitness and self confidence. For adults, our Jiu Jitsu classes cater to individuals of all levels, allowing you to learn and progress at your own pace. Our experienced instructors are here to guide you every step of the way, helping you unlock your full potential. Join us at LEGACY Glendale, where in this academy, you'll find more than just a training facility – you'll discover a second home. We're a close-knit community that supports, uplifts, and encourages one another. Together, we'll embark on a journey of self-improvement, camaraderie, and personal growth. We can't wait to have you be part of our LEGACY family. Anthony Cruz and Alberto Crane
 REQUEST CONTACT

 ## CHECK OUT OUR CLASS SCHEDULE AND COME TRAIN WITH US TODAY.

 ## BENEFIT OF JOINING OUR PROGRAMS
 ## • Learn the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. • Increase focus, energy and concentration. • Enjoy gains in your overall fitness level. • Become part of the Legacy BJJ Family. • Increased self-confidence. • Free access to the school’s events and special classes.
 ## Start your journey to success in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu! At Fundamentals BJJ Program, you’ll learn the core principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from experienced and highly skilled instructors. You’ll be taught the basic techniques and strategies in a safe, supportive environment, so that you can become more comfortable on the mat. Our classes are tailored for all levels - from beginner to advanced - allowing everyone to progress at their own pace. Our program will equip you with essential self-defense skills, build your strength & flexibility, sharpen your reflexes, and develop your overall fitness level. With us by your side, transform yourself into an unstoppable force on the ground! Take the plunge today and join our Fundamentals BJJ Program!
 REQUEST CONTACT
