---
source_url: http://www.cephasbjj.com
final_url: https://cephasbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:30.549Z
---

### Cephas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ## Get in shape, build confidence, change your life Karate-Jiu Jitsu is a unique system that allows individuals to learn a variety of techniques from striking, joint manipulation, throws, and grappling. Karate-Jiu Jitsu is most often practiced with the Kimono (gi). The gi allows for a wider range of techniques due to the manipulation of the sleeves, pants, and jacket. The gi also promotes a slower, more methodical game which forces the user to think more strategically about their attacks and defenses.

 ## Features Here at Cephas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, our school environment is the cornerstone of our instruction. We believe that growth happens when students feel supported, safe, and happy

 - - Growth Martial arts isn’t just about reaching your black belt – it’s the perfect place for self-growth. - Determination In order to be a great martial artist, students must learn to persevere. Giving up isn’t an option! - Balance Life shouldn’t be all work and no play. Practicing martial arts will improve your fitness, relieve stress, and empower you. - Strength If the treadmill is getting old, martial arts is the perfect way to spice up your workout routine.

 #### Cephas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### Youth Martial Arts It’s never too early to develop a passion for Martial Arts. Here at Cephas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, the development of our youngest students is our top priority.
 Youth Martial Arts

 #### Cephas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### Karate-Jiujitsu Our adult Karate-Jiu Jitsu classes focus on self-defense, fitness, and a wide variety of various skills and techniques. Whether you’ve never stepped foot on a mat or you've been training for years, we have the perfect class for you.
 Karate-Jiu Jitsu

 #### Cephas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### BJJ Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) has gained a lot of attention in recent years, and it’s pretty obvious why. Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self-defense that every person should master.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
