---
source_url: https://www.summitfightbjj.com/classes
final_url: https://www.summitfightbjj.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:49.142Z
---

# Jiu-Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or BJJ is a grappling-based martial art that focuses on ground fighting and submissions. Its techniques allow a smaller person to defend against a larger, stronger opponent by using leverage and proper technique.

 Schedulle a Trial Free Class

 ## What is BJJ or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Something You Will Love!!!

 01

 ### Definition
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, often referred to as BJJ, is a dynamic martial art that originated in Brazil. It focuses on ground fighting and grappling techniques, emphasizing leverage and technique over size and strength.

 03

 ### Real-World Application and Self-Defense
 While BJJ is widely practiced as a competitive sport, its practical applications extend far beyond the mat. BJJ teaches individuals how to defend themselves effectively in real-world scenarios, emphasizing leverage, control, and technique to neutralize threats.

 02

 ### Core Principles and Techniques
 BJJ is built on a foundation of core principles such as control, positional dominance, and submission holds. Practitioners learn techniques for gaining advantageous positions, escaping unfavorable situations, and ultimately submitting opponents.

 04

 ### Transformative Benefits Beyond the Mat
 Engaging in regular BJJ training offers a multitude of benefits beyond physical fitness. It fosters mental resilience, discipline, and problem-solving skills. Additionally, BJJ promotes camaraderie and community, providing a supportive environment for personal growth and development.

 ## Get in Touch
 1173 W International Speedway Blv
 Daytona Beach, FL, 32114

 (386) 261-7322

 summitbjjfl@hotmail.com

 - -

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Message
 Send
 Thanks for submitting!
