---
source_url: https://www.summitfightbjj.com
final_url: https://www.summitfightbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:52.562Z
---

##### Free Trial Class

 First name
 Last name
 Email
 Phone
 Submit
 I agree to be contacted
 Thanks for submitting! We'll get in contact soon!

 Here's your chance for change

 ## Daitona Beach

 ## All the best in one place!
 Learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Judo and Grappling (NoGI BJJ) at our Daytona Premier School!
 Discover the unparalleled difference of our state-of-the-art Dojo, where your experience, comfort, and safety take precedence. With precise control of temperature and humidity, we create the ideal training atmosphere. Our facility undergoes meticulous cleaning and regular disinfection to ensure your health and safety.
 ​

 Located in the Heart of Daytona Beach @Speedway BLV
 Across the street from Daytona State College, Halifax Health Medical Center and Mainland High School
 ​
 Free Wifi & Complimentary Water available during training sessions.
 ​
 Easy access and Free private parking.

 About
 8

 ## OUR VALUES "The Way of the Warrior”

 RECTITUDE
 COURAGE
 COMPASSION

 RESPECT
 INTEGRITY
 HONOR

 LOYALTY
 SELF-CONTROL

 Schedulle
 ## SCHEDULE

 Business Hours
 Monday Thru Friday - 4pm to 8pm
 Saturday - 11am to 1pm

 #### Monday
 6 pm - 7:30 pm - Jiu-Jitsu
 All Levels
 ​

 #### Thursday
 6 pm - 7 pm - Jiu-Jitsu
 Beginners
 7 pm - 8 pm - NoGI
 All Levels​

 #### Tuesday
 6 pm - 7 pm Jiu-Jitsu
 Beginners
 7 pm - 8 pm NoGI
 All Levels

 #### Friday
 6 pm - 7:30 pm - Jiu-Jitsu
 All Levels
 7:30 pm - 8:00 pm - Takedown BJJ ​

 #### Wednesday
 6 pm - 7:30 pm - Jiu-Jitsu
 All Levels
 ​

 #### Saturday
 11 am - 1 pm - Jiu-Jitsu
 Members Only
 All Levels
 ​

 Contact
 ## CONTACT US
 (386) 777-9012 | summitbjjfl@hotmail.com
 1173 W International Speedway Blv
 Daytona Beach, FL, 32114

 Submit and Get in Touch
 Thanks for submitting!
