---
source_url: http://www.fishersmartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://fishersmartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:19.582Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu in Fishers ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Select nearest location Fishers Elite Martial Arts Fishers BJJ & Boxing
 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Fishers Elite Martial Arts and Fishers BJJ & Boxing. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Fishers's Best Kids BJJ Classes! Here at Fishers Elite Martial Arts and Fishers BJJ & Boxing, we're proud to offer kids from Fishers the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids BJJ program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids BJJ classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Fishers Elite Martial Arts and Fishers BJJ & Boxing isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Fishers for Kids BJJ classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Jiu Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Fishers's Favorite Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Fishers, Noblesville, and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Fishers Elite Martial Arts and Fishers BJJ & Boxing and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about kids martial arts!
 Get more information now!

 ### Our Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In - Fishers Elite Martial Arts - Fishers BJJ & Boxing

 ## Join Us Here In Fishers For The Best Martial Arts Training In Town! Request information

 This place is amazing! Everyone there is very welcoming and they want to help you improve and be the best not only Martial Artist but the best person you can be!! Family friendly classes and also skill level based classes so you can advance at your own pace!! The instructors here have helped mold me into the person I am today! very successful program!!

 Every great gym starts first with the people. And let me just say that the people here are phenomenal. I have just recently started, but let me say this is the one stop shop if you want to train and learn ju-jitsu, muay thai, and boxing. I love it. This is the spot to be.

 We have taken our boys to Fishers Martial Arts for more than 10 years and have been very pleased with the experience. It has helped them develop martial arts skills, but more importantly, helped instill self-confidence and discipline. Our youngest son has special needs, and Kasi Young and the other instructors have done a phenomenal job working with him and helping him develop physically and cognitively.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
