---
source_url: https://www.gbstuart.com
final_url: https://www.gbstuart.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:33.726Z
---

## GB KIDS AND TEENS Kids & Teens Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Our Children’s Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program at GB stuart was created to provide an environment that allows your child to experience and understand core values around focus, discipline, persistence, cooperation and respect – all through the principles of BJJ teachings.

 More about this program

 To excel in any endeavor, individuals need to have a strong set of values and a solid character that allows for perseverance and goal attainment. As a contact sport, Gracie Barra Long Island provides a very challenging yet safe and caring environment for a child to mature into a real life champion. The outcome of continued childhood practice of GB BJJ goes far beyond the accomplishments on the mats. The discipline and excellence demanded by our instructors often carries over to the child’s behavior at home and at school. Our Children’s Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program which is referred to as our “GB Kids Program” is divided in three different groups to accommodate students of different ages and skill levels: • Little Champions I (3-6 years old), • Little Champions II (7-9 Years Old), • Juniors & Teens (10-14 years old).

 How will my child benefit from attending Kid's Martial Arts in stuart, and what will they learn through our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu curriculum?

 • Learn Anti-Bully Techniques • Build self-esteem, assertiveness, and awareness • Maintain discipline within themselves and with others • Coordinate their bodies, memorizations, and thoughts • Achieve better focus on their priorities • Use their creativity and applied thinking with Jiu-Jitsu moves on the mats • Set goals for short and long-term achievements • Show respect for themselves, parents, teachers, and friends • Defend themselves with moves that ensure their safety and control

 What to expect for your child’s first BJJ class

 When you first arrive to the school our staff will welcome you. We ask if you can please arrive 15 minutes before class your children and you have enough time to prepare for practice. The will start on time and your child will be asked to walk to the training area where the instructor will be waiting for him or her. One of the senior student or assistant instructor will be assigned as a helper to assist your child in performing the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu drills and techniques. Parents are encouraged to stay and watch the entire practice.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## GB ADULTS GB1 PROGRAM
 Try our Martial Arts Program in stuart and see for yourself. What are the principal qualities of a great fighter? What does it take for an ordinary person to realize his or her own potential through martial arts?

 More about this program

 Gracie Barra’s GB1 Fundamentals Program is tailored for the beginner Jiu-Jitsu practitioner. Our martial arts program in stuart uses self-defense and jiujitsu to build a solid foundation for our Brazilian jiujitsu program which will focus on the essential jiujitsu techniques and concepts. The GB 1 Fundamental Class is built for both old and new practitioners, weather you are a white belt learning the core techniques for the first time, or a higher rank looking to understand the basics from a different point of view. The fundamentals program will take you to the next level in a systematic and proven martial arts curriculum. Its structure condenses an immense diversity of Brazilian jiu-jitsu into core fundamental moves combined intelligently and safely to optimize your learning. We will outline exactly what is needed to progress from white to blue belt in our academy. Looking for more advanced programs?

 GB2 PROGRAM

 What comes after mastering the fundamentals? What is next on the Jiu-Jitsu journey? While the Fundamentals Program focuses on the building blocks and basic principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, the Advanced Program is built on high-level techniques and drills that start shaping the students game flow through the development of reflexes, speed and reaction time as well as transitions between one technique and another. After a few months in the GB Advanced Program students typically experience a deeper involvement in GB’s philosophy, a stronger bond with training partners as well as more discipline and commitment to healthy habits that keep them in good shape. Advanced Program classes are based on a defined class structure and curriculum that take a broad and open-minded approach, incorporating techniques from different grappling styles like Wrestling, Judo, Sambo, and, of course, Gracie Barra Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. This is where you will begin No-gi training as well. “It’s the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.” – John Wooden

 GB3 PROGRAM

 Can someone master Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Is there an end to the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey? The Gracie Barra Black Belt Program is the last stage in GB’s adult program structure. While it does represent the student’s arrival at the ultimate level of training in our school, it also represents a new beginning. The goal of this program is to further develop the student’s BJJ game flow by exposing him or her to cutting edge Jiu-Jitsu techniques and their variations. The program’s dynamic curriculum and classes, followed by hour-long live training sessions, build a challenging yet safe environment for students to progress from their blue to black belts. It is in the Black Belt Program that most students truly grasp what they’ve been told since being white belts: Jiu-Jitsu is an endless journey of daily accomplishments that always leads to a new challenge. The same old arm-bars, triangle chokes, fireman carries, Kimuras, sweeps, guard passes and single leg takedowns gain new meaning as their BJJ game flow is defined. Gracie Barra students enrolled in the Black Belt Program are role models at our schools. The responsibility of sharing GB techniques and training philosophy with newer students is taken seriously. They play a key role in maintaining a safe, friendly and progress-oriented environment at our school. “There is no losing in Jiu-Jitsu. You either win or you learn.” – Carlos Gracie Jr.

 Benefit of Joining our GB Adults Program

 • Learn the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu • Increase focus, energy and concentration • Enjoy significant gains in your overall fitness level • Learn the GB Self-Defense System • Become part of the GB Family • Increase self-confidence • Train at over 100 different locations in United States and 300 worldwide • Free access to the school’s events and special classes Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone, including you!

 What to expect on my first martial arts class at Gracie Barra stuart?

 We ask you arrive 15 minutes before class schedule, as the class will start on time. The class consists of a light warm-up to allow your body to properly acclimate to the training. After, the instructor has a precise plan for the class structure and the techniques being taught. This part of class is routine so you will know what to expect during each training session. You will be partnered with a senior rank so you will not be confused on how to apply the techniques, or if you have any questions your peers can guide you through the process. You will learn over 100 technique combinations over the next few months so be ready for the challenge! During your journey you will be tested physically, mentally, emotionally, and at times frustrated. And if you stick with it, you will become stronger then you ever imagined, enjoy the journey!

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## GB WOMEN Should a girl know how to fight? Why should a female be part of Gracie Barra?

 More about this program

 Aside from all classes offered in the Adults Gracie Barra Program Structure, our school offers a set of classes designed to introduce women to the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu by introducing Women’s Self Defense in stuart, Florida. As a martial art designed to allow the weaker to defeat the stronger, BJJ is a perfect fit for women who are interested in learning how to protect themselves ? and who wouldn’t be, right? The Gracie Barra Women’s Self Defense Program in stuart combines a comprehensive self-defense curriculum with emphasis on drills that simulate realistic attack and escape situations. The techniques are complemented by a strong fitness component that is second to none compared to classes offered in regular gyms. Classes specially designed for women like Rape Prevention, BJJ Conditioning and social “get togethers” are added benefits to the ordinary GB activities and create a strong bond between the members of the “Gracie Barra Pink Team.”

 Benefit of Joining our Women's Program

 • Learn how to protect yourself from most common attacks • Develop awareness and self-confidence to deal with typical assaults against women • Increase focus, energy and concentration • Increase self-confidence • Enjoy significant gains in overall fitness level • Become part of the “GB Family” • Train in over 100 different locations in United States and 300 worldwide • Free access to the school’s events and special classes You’ll notice a very positive and friendly environment when you enter our school. Although martial arts can be intimidating for women, this class is definitely not intimidating. You will find a group of girls, some of them wearing a pink GB uniform, who are excited to be there and excited to have you there. The instructor will run several basic drills and after a few classes you will catch up with the rest of the group. Once you master the basics you will really enjoy the intensity of a class based on effective self-defense techniques and real-life scenarios.

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## BARRA FIT Barra Fit is a new, specialized Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Fitness class offered through Gracie Barra Long Island that draws on the training methods of GB with the exception of the belt system, to build a martial arts inspired fitness program.

 More about this program

 Barra Fit incorporates the philosophy, teaching and training methods of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu into classes that are specifically designed to help individuals meet their fitness goals. However, Barra Fit is more than just a workout. It is a fitness program built with the same components that make the Gracie Barra Long Island training experience so unique, inspiring, welcoming, challenging and safe. The Barra Fit program goes beyond the typical “get into shape” aspiration. The program aims at building a strong mind as the foundation for a strong and fit body by teaching the same values we teach to regular Jiu-Jitsu practitioners to help them succeed on their journeys from white to black belt. Barra Fit is fitness with a purpose. The purpose of achieving one’s personal best.

 Why Choose Barra Fit?

 Unlike any program out there, Barra Fit will meet your fitness and safety needs by getting you in the best shape of your life while learning effective self-defense • Free Class Pass • Get Fit Fast • Learn Effective Self Defense • Join a Team Committed to a Healthy Lifestyle

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS
