---
source_url: https://www.manojiujitsu.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.manojiujitsu.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:12.911Z
---

# KIDS JIU JITSU

 ### KIDS JIU JITSU...
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the best non-violent self-defense for children and teens. It is not only fun and physical, but it will also provide a form of mental exercise for your child. Hidden within all that fun is a skillset that will allow your child to feel comfortable in their ability to nonviolently defend themselves should the unfortunate scenario ever arise. Kids of every age enjoy this grappling art and learn how to implement their newly acquired techniques amongst their peers.

 Benefits of KIDS JIU JITSU...
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a very special martial art and can help kids in many ways. Strength, self-awareness, respect, discipline, and responsibility are common core values taught within our kid’s program. While many children may feel nervous or shy on their first day, we at MANO are confident that after a few minutes of instruction, your child will begin to feel encouraged and relaxed by our supportive environment.
 As your child grows, they are very impressionable and absorb everything around them. Through our kid’s program, our goal is to instill discipline, confidence, mental toughness, and positive exercise habits that will stick with your child for the rest of their life. These are the very same skillsets that will foster future success, both on and off the mats. It all starts the moment your child begins their first class!
 It's fun and will only get better!

 MANO Kids Jiu Jitsu Programs:

 MONDAY & WEDNESDAY by coach Jose
 3:45~ Kids1
 4:45~ Kids2
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 TUESDAY & THURSDAY by coach Sebe
 4:45~ Kids1
 5:45~ Kids2

 Self Defense

 Build Confidence

 Build Healthy Habits

 Focus

 Goal Setting

 Commitment

 Respect and Discipline

 Friendship
