---
source_url: https://www.manojiujitsu.com/schedule-tuition
final_url: https://www.manojiujitsu.com/schedule-tuition
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:13.393Z
---

## Schedule

 Free Trial: Due to our membership reaching full capacity, we are not accepting new members at this time. As a result, we are also unable to offer trial classes for the moment. We appreciate your understanding.
 If you would like to be added to our waiting list, please feel free to contact us .

 Holiday Schedule >>>

 -KIDS CLASS SCHEDULE-

 Mon & Wed : Kids I (ages of 6 to 8 ): 3:45pm to 4:30pm We are not accepting new members at the moment .
 Mon & Wed : Kids II (ages of 9 and up): 4:40pm to 5:40pm We are not accepting new members at the moment .
 ————
 Tue & Thu : Kids I (ages of 6 to 8 ): 4:45pm to 5:30pm We are not accepting new members at the moment .
 Tue & Thu : Kids II (ages of 9 and up): 5:40pm to 6:40pm We are not accepting new members at the moment .

 ## Tuition One time registration fee $100
 -KIDS JIU JITSU TUITION- ( age 6 to 12 )
 $120 —- 4 classes per month
 $160 —- 8 classes per month
 -ADULTS, TEEN JIU JITSU TUITION- ( age 13 and up )
 $120 —- 4 classes per month
 $160 —- unlimited classes per month
 *Please be advised tax will be added to the tuition and registration fee

 Drop In ( visitors ) Class, Openmat : $30 —- Cash or Venmo
 1 week pass ( visitors ): $80 —- Cash or Venmo
 1 month pass ( visitors ): $220 —- Cash or Venmo
 Please sign the waiver and pay drop-in fee before step in the mat space.
 * 1 week pass for Kids Drop-in must choose either MON/WED or TUE/THU

 ## Classes

 Jiu Jitsu

 This class is a mix of fundamental and advanced Jiu Jitsu. All levels are welcome.

 Fundamental
 Jiu Jitsu

 This class is for those just beginning their Jiu Jitsu journey. We teach the fundamental movements in Jiu Jitsu and basic self-defense.

 No Gi Development

 Positional Sparring and Skill Development
 Class is open to all skill levels and will be beneficial for anyone who is looking to compete or to enhance their jiujitsu game. You do not need to compete in order to participate.
 Class will consist of positional sparring and specific scenarios to provide opportunities for skill development and strategic planning.

 OPEN MAT :
 BJJ training session where there is no instruction or structured lesson.
 *Please be advised Non member will be charged Drop-in fees.

 Kids Jiu Jitsu

 Children will learn the foundation of Jiu Jitsu including self-defense. Children will also learn and practice functional movements by increasing strength, endurance and flexibility, leading to increased productivity and decreased injury. Ages 6 to 12 years old.
