---
source_url: https://titanbjj302.com/programs
final_url: https://titanbjj302.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:02.703Z
---

# Programs
 Gi or Kimono Class – The heritage of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu may be traced back to Japan. Around the 1920’s as martial ways were being systematized in Japan for broader instruction to the public, the improvised practice uniforms of the time became formalized. Today, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is done in a “Gi,” short for the Japanese word Keikogi .

 Gi’s come in a variety of cloth weights, sizes, and colors by companies today. During Gi class a student is expected to wear the full length pants that tie with a draw string, the top jacket that has full sleeves with cuffs down to about the wrist and secured together by a cloth belt. Jiu-Jitsu Gi’s have a noticeably thicker collar when compared to those worn, for instance, in karate.
 The Gi provides protection, gripping material for points of attachment, and leverage for players. The Gi may be used for defensive and offensive techniques as well.
 No-Gi or Submission Wrestling – No-Gi has gain mainstream attention in the recent years in part due to professional fighting competitions. No-Gi uniforms consist of short or long sleeved rash guard tops. For bottoms, athletes wear shorts with no pockets or zippers and with the personal choice of wearing spats underneath.
 No-Gi provides a unique experience when compared to sparring with the Gi: there are no clothes to grab for control, and changes the submissions options available.
 Fundamental Jiu-Jitsu – Fundamentals class is focused on the core curriculum of Jiu-Jitsu. This class covers the fundamental techniques that make Jiu-Jitsu the most effective Marital Art in the world in an easy to learn format. This class is great for people looking to get into Jiu-jitsu for the first time or just sharpen existing skills.
 Advanced Jiu-Jitsu – The Advanced classes dive into the more detailed and difficult areas of Jiu-Jitsu. These classes require instructor approval prior to attending.
 Women’s Jiu Jitsu – The Women’s class is a great way to learn the fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu in a slightly different setting. This class is great for self defense and very helpful for women interested in how Jiu-Jitsu can be effective for them if they take the right approach.
 Kids Jiu-Jitsu – Titan Kids Jiu-Jitsu is focused on providing a fun and safe environment for kids learn about martial arts. These classes are great for teaching kids how to deal with bullies and building self confidence in all situations.
 Kickboxing – Students learn striking, kicking, and perform pad work.
 Wrestling Program – Middle School & High School students train during the off season to hone their technique.
 Private Lessons – Students work on aspects of their game that need attention.
 ## Membership Prices ## 10 Pack of Single Classes Great for those on the go and dropping in.

 - Valid for one year from date of purchase - Good for any class
 $200 / 10 Sessions

 ## Children’s Jiu-Jitsu Classes Training the next generation.

 - Unlimited Sessions - Ages 5-15 - Separate Little Kids and Children - Kickboxing Included
 $140 / monthly

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsu Classes Learn a new skill, get in shape, and learn a life skill.
 - Unlimited Sessions - Ages 16+ - Kickboxing Included
 $175 / monthly

 ## Kickboxing Learn a new skill, get in shape, and learn a life skill.
 - Unlimited Kickboxing during the month
 $75 / monthly

 ## Children’s Kickboxing Training the next generation.

 - Unlimited Kickboxing during the month
 $75/ monthly

 ## Private Lessons Take support to the next level.

 - 1 on 1 attention - Fix holes in your game - Troubleshoot issues
 Speak with Coach

 ## Schedule
