---
source_url: http://www.thepitslc.com
final_url: https://www.thepitslc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:20.101Z
---

# THE PIT
 # SLC
 #### Muay Thai, No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu, MMA for all levels
 Class Schedule
 Memberships

 #### YOUTH
 #### ADULTS
 Classes for all skill levels, beginner to competition. Get your child started today.(starting at age 6)

 Classes for all skill levels, beginners to professionals, in No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and MMA.

 ## Youth Martial Arts
 Our martial arts program is all about making young men and women safe, confident, and healthy. Our system incorporates striking, grappling, strength and fitness training to make the most well-rounded martial artist possible. We train our students to never be bullies and never be bullied.

 Learn More

 About
 ## THE BLACK BELT
 Ramsey Nijem
 OWNER

 I’m a lifetime martial artist a Jiu Jitsu Black Belt, 3rd Degree Kempo Black Belt, Division 1 wrestler, UFC and PFL veteran. Training is a part of me, and my favorite part to share. I’ve traveled the world to learn what I believe are
 the best techniques in the world.

 - - - - -

 ## WINNINGS
 ## 25
 25 total fights in his MMA career

 ## 10
 Fought in the UFC for 5 years

 ## 4
 4 years in the Professional Fighters League(PFL)

 ## 15
 15 years of coaching experience

 # The Coach And The Casual Podcast
 Have you listened to our "The Coach and the Casual" podcast? This hilarious and enlightening MMA podcast is about to take the fight world by storm! Join your hosts, former UFC fighter Ramsey Nijem and Utah's own entrepreneur extraordinaire, Kyle Deever, as they dive headfirst into the thrilling universe of mixed martial arts.

 Listen Now

 The Studio
 ## OUR MISSION
 Empowering our community to their full potential through traditional martial arts and high level fitness in a modern fun setting. Providing real fighting techniques that work in self defense and in-competition.

 ## Address
 1171 S Richards St
 Salt Lake City, UT 84101

 ## Phone
 (801) 403-3010
 Call/Text

 ## Email
 ​​thepitslc@gmail.com

 ## HOURS
 MONDAY - SATURDAY
 7AM - 8:30PM

 ## Connect
 - -
