---
source_url: http://www.lamorindajiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://lamorindajiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.198Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Lafayette ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training in Lafayette! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art. It's also a self-defense system, a sport, and an excellent way to create better fitness! At Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing, we offer authentic Jiu-Jitsu classes that focus on technique, real-world self-defense, on getting a great workout, and on building a sense of community -- a place where people from across Lafayette can come together and train with confidence.
 To learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? From establishing a new sense of self-confidence to experiencing reduced stress and heightened focus in your everyday life, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has real-world benefits.
 Students will learn the foundations of BJJ working on basic techniques and advance in technique and focus. Fundamentals include Takedowns, self-defense techniques, Position Controls, Position Escapes, and Submissions.
 Our team at Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing is committed to helping ordinary men and women from Lafayette take advantage of high-quality martial arts training. No matter your age, experience, or fitness level, we'll help you learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, supportive environment. Through our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you'll have fun, get in shape, and meet new friends and mentors from all over our community!
 ##### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes offer: - A fun, healthy way to get fit - Real-world self-defense skills - Improved focus and reduced stress - A great sense of community
 When you train with us at Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing, you'll get the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in the Lafayette area, and the results will speak for themselves. Weight loss , muscle gain , greater productivity at work ... these are just a few of the incredible benefits of Jiu-Jitsu training!
 #### Enroll at Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing Today! Experience the grace, power, and life-changing potential of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu system by signing up for our martial arts classes. You'll be welcomed by the awesome community we've worked so hard to cultivate here at Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing, and it's easier than ever to get started. Join us in Lafayette and get ready to roll!
 Just fill out the short form below to get started with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes!
 Get more information now!

 ## Takedowns Submissions Confidence Request information

 Top tier instructors🙌🏻 Everyone is welcome and the women’s program is super important in my opinion. From kickboxing to Jiu Jitsu it’s always a good time😁

 Awesome instruction, great workout and a very welcoming environment. They made me feel at home right away- highly recommend for getting in shape and self defense!

 Best Jiu Jitsu coaches around! Great comradery between teammates. Come train Oss

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
