---
source_url: http://www.lamorindajiujitsu.com/classes/No-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://lamorindajiujitsu.com/classes/No-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.570Z
---

# No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Lafayette ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Take On The World's Best No-Gi Training Today With Our Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing Classes! Whether you're training for self-improvement, fitness, weight loss, sport competition, or self-defense, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Lafayette have you covered. We offer kids and adults a cutting-edge No-Gi program that focuses on every element of this modern martial art, helping you build strength and total body fitness as you master the techniques of throws, ground grappling, and submissions.
 At Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing, we are proud to work with all experience levels, helping you build your skills from the ground up in our foundation's program or take your training to the next level with our advanced program. We also make it very easy for beginners to start, with our adult beginners having class options 6 days a week and also a day dedicated for kids No-Gi training.
 Get more information now!

 #### Master Every Element Of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Regardless Of Your Experience Level Our BJJ program includes both Beginner and Advanced classes to meet the needs of everyone in Lafayette. These No-Gi workouts surround you with fighters of similar skills and abilities so that you can push one another and get better every single day.
 At Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing, we help you perfect every element of this system, focusing on the ultimate goal of submitting your opponent in no time.
 Unlike a lot of fighting systems, BJJ helps fighters overcome the size and strength of their opponent with superior leverage and technique. Our team in Lafayette is here to help you master:
 - Throws and takedowns - Ground grappling strategies - Submission techniques like joint locks and chokes
 #### PLUS Our No-Gi BJJ Classes In Lafayette Offer You A Great Total-Body Workout That's right, the benefits don't end with just cutting-edge competition techniques. We also help you get in great shape fast with total-body workouts that build functional strength and explosive speed on the path to better fighting skills.
 No more wasting your time on the treadmill or stuck in a static training program. Our BJJ Classes in Lafayette will push you with heart-racing workouts that produce real results in no time. You'll leave each class knowing you got the very most out of your body.
 Regardless of your experience level, our BJJ classes can help you:
 - Burn fat and build lean muscle - Build total-body speed and power - Enjoy healthy, sustainable weight loss - Improve your flexibility and agility - Walk away more confident than ever before
 #### Join Us Today At Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing For The Best BJJ Classes In Town Don't miss out on our proven system here at Lamorinda Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing. Our No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are perfect for adults of all skills and abilities and our dedicated team is here to help you get better every single day.
 To learn more today or to get started now, just fill out the short form on your screen!
 Get more information now!

 ## Takedowns Submissions Confidence Request information

 Top tier instructors🙌🏻 Everyone is welcome and the women’s program is super important in my opinion. From kickboxing to Jiu Jitsu it’s always a good time😁

 Awesome instruction, great workout and a very welcoming environment. They made me feel at home right away- highly recommend for getting in shape and self defense!

 Best Jiu Jitsu coaches around! Great comradery between teammates. Come train Oss

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
