---
source_url: http://kisalemma.com
final_url: https://kisalemma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:16.773Z
---

- (978) 219 - 1190

 -

 - Login

 # Martial Arts for the whole family!

 ### Karate Okinawa Goju Ryu We offer traditional Okinawa Goju-Ryu karate-DO, for both children and adults. Gain confidence!

 ### Kickboxing / Combat Fitness Kickboxing not only helps to increase the muscular stature but also help you to gain mental strength and gain confidence.. Get in shape!

 ### After School Program Enrolling NOW! Enrolling NOW! Welcome to KI Salem’s after school program! We are glad that you have selected our program to support your child’s educational and fitness goals. An opportunity of a life time!

 ### Summer Program 2026 Enrolling NOW! Let your child have a fun and active Summer they’ll remember. Enroll your child in our FUN and ENRICHING Martial Arts Summer Program.

 ### Ki Little Owls Preschool Enrolling NOW! Enrolling NOW preschool, toddlers, and infants. A great facility!

 ### Infants and Toddlers !Enrolling NOW! We inspire children to be lifelong learners through play and hands on activities.

 # Read what our customers are saying About Us!

 What a great decision me and my husband made! Sensei Polanco and his family are wonderful. Our son has been attending the after school program for a few months now and I’ve seen such a difference in him. He now makes eye contact, sleeps better, more confidence, less tantrums and has better eating habits (due to their healthy snack environment ) even drinks water now! This family owned business has truly been a life saver to our family. The activities they are involved in at this program are great ! Our son now knows martial arts, boxing, kick boxing, hip hop dance and even learning how to play chess!! I recommend this to every parent that needs a structured after school program. The benefits are endless. I can reassure anyone interested in sending their child here won’t be disappointed. Jennifer, Salem, Ma.
 #### Jennifer Salem, Ma. ####

 I've been studying Goju Ryu Karate and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu here for about two years now. Sensei John Polanco keeps the Goju Ryu "pure" by teaching it the way the masters of old did. You won't find fancy tornado kicks or backflips here, but you will find an ancient combat system that's still relevant today. Goju Ryu has helped get me in shape and has helped alleviate a lot of pain in my body by strengthening my muscles. The Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is also a great program. Professor Marcelo Kobayashi brings a lot of experience to the table. He's a former MMA fighter from Japan and he's also proficient in Judo. BJJ has helped develop flexibility I always said I'd never have. If you're looking for a real-deal martial arts school then look no further.
 #### Asa Leausa ####

 My daughter has been coming here since the start of the school year and she absolutely loves it. She's shown improvements at home and in school!
 #### Stephanie Rodriguez ####

 My son loves to be in the after school this is a great place for the kids to learn discipline and at the same time have fun learning karate, kick boxing, Ju jitsu do homework, art and crafts, the staff are really nice, is hard to find a good after school and i really recommend this one.
 #### Vanety Ocampo ####

 My son attended this Karate school for almost 3 years and he enjoyed the experience very much. He became more self confident and disciplined in other aspects of his life, school etc. I highly recommend this school for any kid.
 #### Sergey Grigoryan ####

 My daughter loves it here. She started in February and I believe it was a great decision we made. She has learned a lot in this small amount of time. Everyone that works there is super nice and welcoming. :)
 #### Alyssa Todd ####

 I absolutely love KI Salem MA. My daughter takes kickboxing and she went from a shy timid girl to an outgoing child. there Karate, and Jiu Jitsu teams are amazing. They treat you like you are a part of there family from the moment you walk in. I would highly recommend them to anyone who is thinking about training.
 #### kim moody ####

 I have been taking kickboxing here for over a year now, and I would recommend K I Salem MA. To anyone who is looking for a challenging, and effective workout. It is a family run business, and The classes are both dynamic and engaging. K I Salem MA. Has helped me become a stronger, more coordinated, and confident individual.
 #### Erica L. ####

 - - - - - - - -

 # Stay in touch with us

 ###### Have a question? Call us now #### (978) 219 - 1190

 ###### ####

 ###### Drop us a mail #### info@kisalemma.com

 Top
