---
source_url: http://infernotpc.com
final_url: https://www.infernotpc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:57.405Z
---

CLICK HERE TO JOIN TODAY!
 CLICK HERE TO BOOK A FREE TRIAL!
 # Discover a New, Stronger You
 Founded in 2011, we are a unique Martial Arts School in Monmouth County that strives to improve all aspects of your life through the benefits of training Martial Arts. We offer group classes for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai Kickboxing, conveniently located in Marlboro, NJ. Browse our site to learn more about us, and to book a FREE class or FREE 1 on 1 Introductory Private Lesson today!

 ## We Are The Inferno Training and Performance Center
 Building Character

 At The Inferno Training and Performance Center we believe that in order to excel at anything in life, you should possess solid values and a strong character that develop the dedication needed to achieve your goals. Our exceptional team of instructors are here to inspire you to be your very best. Joining us will give you the all-important inner strength to navigate our complex world with confidence and drive.
 ​
 We offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai Kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts in Marlboro, NJ. We are conveniently located near surrounding areas Manalapan, Freehold, Colts Neck, Englishtown, Old Bridge and all of Monmouth County.

 Click Here To Call Us
 Click Here to Email Us

 ## ​
 ​

 ## Follow us on Instagram
 @infernotpc

 Load More

 ## Contact Us
 52 N. Main Street Marlboro, NJ 07746

 infernotpc.help@gmail.com

 732-414-1771
