---
source_url: http://www.breakingpointbjj.com
final_url: https://breakingpointbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:51.685Z
---

# Breaking PointJiu-Jitsu ### Discipline, Confidence, Community
 Get Started Today

 ##### Start today with a FREE class trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu – the premier Jiu-Jitsu academy in the Quad Cities. With locations in Bettendorf and Davenport, we are a family-oriented academy committed to creating a supportive and welcoming environment for everyone—regardless of age or experience level. Whether you’re stepping onto the mats for the first time, have prior training, or are enrolling your child in our Gi or No-Gi programs, we’re here to support your goals. At Breaking Point, you’ll develop practical self-defense skills, enhance your physical fitness, and challenge yourself mentally and emotionally. Beyond the techniques, you’ll find a strong sense of community—a team of like-minded individuals who value growth, respect, and camaraderie. If you’re seeking a comprehensive Jiu-Jitsu experience that balances technical training with personal development in a supportive atmosphere, Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu is the place for you.

 ### Sign up for a FREE class! Get started with a free trial class and see what we are all about!

 Join Now ##### Start today with a FREE class trial! ×

 #### Now Open: Our Bettendorf Location! Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu is here! We’re proud to bring world-class Jiu-Jitsu training even closer to home for many in the Quad Cities.
 Just like our West River Drive academy, the Bettendorf location offers the same welcoming environment, expert instruction, and sense of community that defines who we are.

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 #### Learn More About ### Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu

 #### About Us At our academy, we are committed to delivering the highest quality Jiu-Jitsu experience to students throughout the Quad Cities. That commitment starts with our instructors—dedicated practitioners who bring genuine passion for both the art and the teaching of Jiu-Jitsu every single day. We emphasize the value of consistent effort and personal growth, encouraging our students to embrace the benefits of training both on and off the mat. This mindset has fostered a culture rooted in camaraderie, discipline, and continuous improvement. Our community reflects that commitment: we are proud to have more black belts, more women training regularly, and the largest youth program in the region. We’re not just participating in the local Jiu-Jitsu scene—we’re helping define its standard. Whether you’re training in class, attending a seminar, or joining us at a team potluck, we welcome you to be part of our growing Jiu-Jitsu family.

 #### History Since 2017, Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu has proudly served the Quad Cities, offering high-level Jiu-Jitsu instruction in a welcoming and community-driven environment. Founded by Nate Fenton and Josh Hamilton, our academy was born from their passion for the sport and the encouragement of those around them. After years of traveling over an hour to find high-level training, they created a space to call their own. What began as a small academy with just 12 students and secondhand mats has grown into a thriving community of over 300 members, housed in a modern and well-equipped facility. As the academy has expanded, so have the accomplishments of our founders. Josh Hamilton is a World Masters Champion and a multi-time medalist at both the World Masters and IBJJF Open competitions. Nate Fenton is also a decorated competitor, with multiple IBJJF Black Belt championships and medals to his name. Their journey and experience have shaped Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu into what it is today—the leading environment for Jiu-Jitsu in the Quad Cities.

 ### Find a Class That Fits Your Life! With classes offered six days a week, it’s easy to find a time that works for you. Check out our full schedule and take the next step in your Jiu-Jitsu journey today!

 View Schedule

 #### More Than Coaches ### Meet Your Jiu-Jitsu Family All of our instructors share a deep passion for both Jiu-Jitsu and guiding students in their growth. Each brings a unique style and perspective to our academy, backed by a long list of accomplishments and competitive achievements.
 Explore our team and discover the instructor who will help you reach your full potential on and off the mat.

 ##### Nate Fenton ###### Co-Lead Instructor
 I am a Black Belt under John Gutta and a seasoned competitor with numerous tournament victories, including multiple IBJJF gold medals and wins at submission-only events across all belt levels—most notably, multiple IBJJF black belt golds.
 As a detail-oriented and dedicated instructor, I’m committed to helping my students grow while sharing my passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu within our academy. My approach reflects the Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle, and I’m known for my deep technical knowledge and strategic understanding of the art. I fell in love with Jiu-Jitsu in 2011 by way of MMA and the UFC. I quickly favored the complex intricacies of grappling over striking. Since then, I’ve devoted myself entirely to mastering BJJ.

 ##### Josh Hamilton ###### Co-Lead Instructor
 I started Jiu-Jitsu because I was fascinated that one person could control another so effectively. It seemed magical. I wanted to understand.
 When I first began, I remember men much smaller than me flying around, keeping me on my back unable to mount any counter to their efforts. I trained a couple times a week until I realized that my progression rate was not getting me off my back. I began training 5-7 days a week and never looked back.
 Jiu-Jitsu is fantastic precisely because it is hard. It forces you to subjugate your pride and vanity and endure the process of learning that inevitably includes losing and frustration. But on the other side awaits satisfaction and community.
 “It is far easier to whisper advice from cover than to risk its merit at the point of attack.” In our gym you’ll find that all of our instructors risk the merit of their teaching the mats.
 2023 World Master 4 Brown Belt Silver Medal
 2022 World Master 4 Brown Belt Silver Medal
 2019 World Master 3 Blue Belt Gold Medal
 2018 World Master 3 Blue Belt Silver Medal
 2017 World Master 3 Blue Belt Bronze Medal
 IBJJF Gold Medals: 21
 IBJJF Silver Medals: 7
 IBJJF Bronze Medals: 9

 ##### Nate Rodriguez ###### Black Belt Instructor
 I’m a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt who began training in 2008, shortly after graduating high school. Like many others, I was drawn in by my love of MMA—specifically, the technical side of grappling. Submissions just looked cooler than throwing punches. I had no idea what I was doing at first, but after my very first class, I was hooked. Getting choked out by people half my size was humbling—and oddly motivating.
 From there, things moved fast. I started competing in Jiu Jitsu tournaments across organizations like IBJJF, NAGA, and Grappling Games. Eventually, I transitioned into MMA, where I went 7-1 as a professional. All seven of my wins came by submission—which either says a lot about my Jiu Jitsu or how much I dislike getting punched in the face. Probably both.
 Jiu Jitsu has given me more than I ever expected: it’s challenged me as an athlete, instilled discipline, and introduced me to a community that feels like family. Now, as an instructor, I aim to pass that experience on. Whether someone’s goal is to compete, get in shape, or just find something they enjoy, I’m passionate about helping them grow—both on and off the mats.

 ##### Ryan Chaney ###### Black Belt Instructor
 I began training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in November 2014, shortly after finishing a record-breaking and successful varsity swimming career at Augustana College.
 At first, I took up Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and kickboxing with the intention of transitioning into MMA and staying in shape. But as I progressed, I realized that dividing my focus between multiple disciplines was limiting my development. I decided to fully commit to mastering both gi and no-gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 In 2023, I earned my black belt under 1st-degree black belt Nate Fenton. Since then, I’ve continued to grow as both a practitioner and coach, always striving to find the most effective ways to teach and apply Jiu-Jitsu in real-world scenarios—whether in sport or self-defense.
 To me, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most powerful forms of mental and physical therapy. It’s helped me grow in countless ways, and the friendships I’ve formed through this martial art are relationships I know will last a lifetime.
 * Multiple-time IBJJF gold medalist in the lightweight and middleweight divisions
 * Competed across the country in numerous tournaments from white to black belt

 ##### Victor Borja ###### Black Belt Instructor
 My journey in Jiu-Jitsu began around 2011 on the island of Guam. However, it wasn’t until I relocated to Iowa that I truly committed to the sport and began dedicating real effort to developing my skills. I competed in my first IBJJF Chicago Open as a white belt, alongside coaches Nate, Josh, and Ryan—and from that moment, I was hooked.
 Over the years, I’ve earned numerous gold medals at Jiu-Jitsu events across the state and country, thanks in large part to the guidance of Nate and the support of my teammates at Breaking Point. Among my proudest accomplishments are medaling at the IBJJF Pan Championships in New York and World Masters in Las Vegas.
 While I’ve always enjoyed the thrill of competition, I’ve come to appreciate the opportunity to share the knowledge I’ve gained throughout my journey just as much. Teaching and giving back to thid community has become an equally rewarding part of my path in Jiu-Jitsu.

 ##### Ken Ehlers ###### Black Belt Instructor
 I am a Quad Cities native who fell in love with Martial arts watching early MMA (UFC and Pride FC). With some encouragement from my good friend Franco I took my first MMA class with him in 2005. I trained Jiu Jitsu and Kickboxing off and on for many years before ultimately falling in love with Jiu Jitsu. The gym I started training at closed so I began training under Nate Fenton in February of 2017 and knew right away Breaking Point was my new home for Jiu Jitsu.
 Over the years, I have found success in competitive Jiu Jitsu, placing in many competitions. I have been teaching BJJ for 8 years now and one of my main goals moving forward is passing on gained knowledge. I love the complexity and effectiveness of Jiu Jitsu and the community that comes with it. My favorite submission is the arm triangle choke.

 ##### George Percak-Dennet ###### Black Belt Instructor
 After my football playing days ended, I was searching for something to keep me in shape and, just as importantly, recapture the camaraderie of being part of a team. I found that in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. My journey began in 2011 at an MMA gym in Minnesota. When I moved to Illinois, I was drawn to training in the gi. After two years at another gym, I was thrilled to find my home at Breaking Point when it opened. One of my favorite memories is winning an absolute division in competition and using the $300 prize money to treat the whole traveling team to a fancy Italian dinner in Chicago – every penny was well spent!

 ##### Cameo ###### Instructor

 ##### Kryslynne ###### Instructor

 ##### Kyle ###### Instructor

 ##### Tommi ###### Instructor

 ##### Martin ###### Instructor

 ##### Chris ###### Instructor

 ##### David ###### Instructor

 ##### Timothy ###### Instructor

 ##### Jack ###### Instructor

 ### Sign up for a membership! Take a look at our options for Individual and Youth memberships and find what’s best for you!

 Adult Sign Up Select Location Adult Memberships – Davenport
 Adult Membership – Bettendorf

 ×
 #### Choose from one of our locations Memberships include unlimited classes at both locations—just select your primary training spot

 Youth Sign up Select Location Youth Memberships – Davenport
 Youth Membership – Bettendorf
 Littles BJJ Program

 ×
 #### Choose from one of our locations Memberships include unlimited classes at both locations—just select your primary training spot

 #### Find the Right ### Programs for You
 Whether you’re a complete beginner, a competitive athlete, or looking for a fun and structured activity for your child, we’ve got a program that fits. From Adult and Kids Jiu-Jitsu to high-intensity Strength & Conditioning with Wrestling technique, each class is designed to help you grow, challenge yourself, and reach your goals—both on and off the mat. Explore our programs and find the perfect fit for your journey.

 #### Adult Jiu-Jitsu Our Adult Jiu-Jitsu classes are thoughtfully designed to support everyone. No matter your skill level, there’s always something valuable to gain here. Our coaches are deeply committed to their own development, continuously refining their knowledge and techniques to provide the highest level of instruction and guidance for all students.

 #### Kids Jiu-Jitsu Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program is thoughtfully structured to support each child’s development at every stage. Classes are organized by age group to ensure appropriate pacing and instruction, allowing every student to progress confidently. We offer both Gi and No-Gi training to provide a well-rounded foundation in Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Strength and Conditioning/Wrestling Technique ##### If you’re looking for a high-intensity training experience, this class is designed for you. Our program integrates wrestling techniques into a dynamic strength and conditioning regimen, creating a hybrid format that enhances both athletic performance and overall fitness. It’s the perfect opportunity to improve your wrestling skills while building a stronger, healthier body.

 ### Why Our Community Keeps Coming Back Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu is proud to be the leading Jiu-Jitsu academy in the Quad Cities. We are honored to have the most black belts, youth practitioners, and women training with us in the area. But don’t just take our word for it—hear directly from our members about their experiences and why they choose to stay with us for the long term.

 Previous “The coaches are absolutely amazing, not just in their teaching but in how much they genuinely care about every person who trains here”

 Jadzia Rodriguez
 Google

 “My kids have been going for almost a year and absolutely love it. I can’t say enough about how well the instructors work with the students.”

 Andrew Whitcomb
 Google

 “My wife and I have found our jiujitsu home here. The mats are always clean and everyone there wants to make you feel comfortable. I love this place.”

 Tom Callahan
 Google

 Next

 ### Sign up for a FREE class! Get started with a free trial class and see what we are all about!

 Join Now ##### Start today with a FREE class trial! ×

 ## Contact Us Today! Breaking Point Jiu-Jitsu proudly welcomes members from throughout the Quad Cities. We have two convenient locations: one in Bettendorf near the TBK Sportsplex, and another on West River Drive, across from Courtesy Ford. We look forward to connecting with you and helping you on your Jiu-Jitsu journey.

 Please select a location: Davenport Bettendorf
 info@breakingpointbjj.com

 3840 W River Dr, Davenport, IA 52802

 info@breakingpointbjj.com

 6990 Competition Court, Bettendorf, IA 52722
