---
source_url: http://apexgrappling.com
final_url: https://apexgrappling.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:27.458Z
---

(773) 707-5191

 # GOOD VIBES AND EVEN BETTER TRAINING GOOD VIBES AND EVEN BETTER TRAINING GOOD VIBES AND EVEN BETTER TRAINING GOOD VIBES AND EVEN BETTER TRAINING GOOD VIBES AND EVEN BETTER TRAINING

 #### Coach Nick Spacek has over a decade of teaching and coaching experience at a high level

 Coach Nick has dedicated his entire life, (22 years of training) training, competing, and looking to gain knowledge from some of the best grapplers in the world.

 Coach Nick has spent the last several years training and expanding his knowledge in Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) with some of the best ranked UFC fighters in the world at Valle Flow Striking in Bensenville, Illinois.

 #### Our Facility At APEX House of Grappling, starting your Jiu Jitsu journey, or continuing your already established Jiu Jitsu life, is effortless. We are conveniently located in Countryside, Illinois (just outside of Chicago) and offer a number of class times throughout the week and weekend for your scheduling convenience. We also are only feet away from a fully-equipment fitness gym, called The Functional Athlete, with state of the art equipment and trainers. APEX House of Grappling is the ultimate 'one-stop' fitness facility.

 #### COME TRAIN WITH THE BEST Coach Nick has life-long training, decades of competition involvement, and many years of coaching experience in Wrestling, Judo, and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at the highest level. Coach Nick has some of the best grapplers in the world seek out to train with him to take advantage of his expertise. Over the years, Jiu-Jitsu has become far more popular in the wrestling community, here's multiple time Division 1 National Champion, Austin O'Connor attending APEX HOG.

 #### ATTAIN AND SURPASS YOUR GOALS Here at APEX House Of Grappling, our objective is for every student to reach his or her highest potential. Whether your goals are fitness related, gain self-confidence, anti-bullying, self-defense, competition, or any other personal goal in between—we have the knowledge and expertise to help you reach and surpass your goals.

 #### Our Mission At APEX House of Grappling, our mission is to provide the highest quality martial arts training in a safe and supportive environment. We are committed to helping our students achieve their goals, whether it's improving their physical fitness, learning self-defense skills, building skills in wrestling, BJJ or grappling for MMA. We strive to instill discipline, respect, and confidence in all of our students.

 ## WALL OF FAME

 Coach Nick coached at an early age USA Junior World Team Member Korina and 2024 Olympic Silver Medalist Kennedy Blades and is ecstatic to see how they are doing exceptional in the Women's Circuit of Wrestling.

 Division I wrestlers Tony + Alex Madrigal along with 2x DI National Champion and 4x IHSA State Champion Austin O'Connor have seeked out Jiu-Jitsu knowledge from Coach Nick while attending APEX HOG.

 IHSA State Champion and 4X Division 1 National Qualifier Ricky Robertson after a great workout @ APEX HOG with Coach Nick.

 NCAA DI National Runner up and IHSA State Champion, Matt Ramos has found a love for Jiu-Jitsu in his off-time from the wrestling mats.

 ## CHECK OUT OUR SCHEDULE YOU ASKED & WE DELIVERED!!!

 AT APEX, WE’RE ALWAYS TRYING TO KEEP OUR ATHLETES/CLIENTS EXPOSED TO NEW IDEAS.

 MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT THE ADDITION OF OUR NEW “INTRO TO MMA” PROGRAM THAT IS BEING RAN BY OUR VERY OWN COACHES WHO ARE TOP PROSPECTS IN MMA.

 APEX SCHEDULE 2025 FINAL (pdf)Download

 ## Social

 ## Contact Us

 #### Find & Like us on FaceBook at: APEX HOUSE of GRAPPLING
 #### APEX House of Grappling 51 E. Plainfield Road
 Countryside, IL 60525

 Get directions

 ## Social

 ## COME VISIT US TODAY

 ## see you on the mats!!!
 - - - - -
