---
source_url: http://bjjfl.com
final_url: https://bjjfl.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:04.616Z
---

Skip to content # Fort Lauderdale BJJ
 ## Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Strength & Conditioning
 Schedule a visit

 ## Fort Lauderdale BJJ
 ## free bjj trial class
 A&M Jiu-Jitsu invites you to experience the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with a complimentary introductory class.

 - No experience necessary! This class is perfect for complete Jiu-Jitsu beginners. - Limited spots available! Register now to secure your spot. - Don’t miss this opportunity to try something new and discover your inner warrior!

 Schedule a class

 ## Modern Jiu-Jitsu with an old school work ethic
 Welcome to A&M Jiu-Jitsu in Fort Lauderdale, Florida!
 Our gym provides you with the opportunity to train hard and have fun.
 We take care of each other like family as we strive to be the best all-around martial arts gym in South Florida.
 We help students build real-life skills and confidence as well as success on the mat.
 This comes by learning Jiu-Jitsu and other disciplines while training with like-minded people, who can become lifelong friends.
 The whole martial arts package is available to you at A&M Jiu-Jitsu!

 Schedule a class

 ## Best BJJ in Fort Lauderdale
 ## A&M Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone
 Our gym is all about pushing yourself, having a blast, and feeling like you belong to something special. We’re more than just a place to train – we’re a family that supports each other on and off the mat.
 At A&M, we’re passionate about helping you become the best version of yourself. Whether you’re looking to master Jiu-Jitsu, explore other martial arts, or just gain some confidence and real-life skills, we’ve got you covered. But it’s not just about the training. It’s about the friendships you’ll forge and the community you’ll become a part of.
 We’re all about building each other up and creating lifelong bonds. So come join us at A&M Jiu-Jitsu and experience the difference! We can’t wait to meet you.

 ## Expert Instruction

 ## Family Environment

 ## Jiu- jitsu for All Ages

 #### About Us We pride ourselves on our one-of-a-kind culture at A&M Jiu-Jitsu. We stay focused but laid-back, allowing for every type of fighter to enjoy training. We believe that an environment where having fun is encouraged is the best way to build strong fighters who enjoy the craft. This empowers students to work toward their personal goals of competition, self-defense, or fitness. We provide this with our diverse training schedule and support system. If a competitor fighter has a fight, they can expect coaches and members of the team to be right there with them. We’ll never leave someone by themselves, and hope for you to join us in our special martial arts community!
 #### History A&M Jiu-Jitsu started up after sad news from the pandemic. Founders Devin and Dru Phoenix’s previous gym they trained at closed with the pandemic, but they didn’t want to split up the community. They formed together and opened A&M’s doors in September 2017 also. They had envisioned a gym with a big mat space and plenty of room to work out. The pair has their own unique training background. Dru has trained since 2009 and coached since 2017, with Devin beginning his training in 2020 and continuing as a student. They hope to continue A&M Jiu-Jitsu’s growth and train world-class athletes in Jiu-Jitsu and MMA, especially in UFC.

 ## Special Military & First Responder Pricing
 20$ off Membership

 Sign Up

 ## Meet The Team

 Dru Phoenix

 Gerard Dudamell

 Garrett Fosdick

 Joshua Thanos

 Carlos "Rock" Acevedo
