---
source_url: http://www.bodyfitkcmo.com
final_url: https://www.bodyfitkcmo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:16.429Z
---

# YOU FIT HERE

 SCHEDULE YOUR VISIT
 SCHEDULE YOUR VISIT

 Our Programs

 - Strength and Conditioning - Combat Sports - Open Gym - Body Composition Testing - Strongman - Olympic Lifting

 Schedule Your Visit

 ## PERSONALIZED TRAINING IN A MOTIVATING GROUP ENVIRONMENT

 See Our Space
 See Our Space

 Voted Kansas City’s Best Gym, Bodyfit KC is your all in one destination for achieving real, lasting fitness results. Everything we do starts with people. Our expert coaches guide you through every workout with purpose and precision, while our community of members supports and motivates you every step of the way.
 Whether you are training in group fitness, kickboxing, or Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, you will find a results driven environment built to help you get stronger, healthier, and more confident.

 ### HEAR FROM OUR MEMBERS

 “I've been coming to this gym for over 3 years now, and it's been one of the best decisions of my life. I had never even been in a gym before and had no idea where to start. I didn't have enough money to get a trainer, so I figured I'd go to the group sessions for a couple of months to learn the technique then switch to a lower tier option and lift on my own. I never could have imagined how much I would have changed from what I've learned about consistency, hard work, and communication. Now, I'm on a path I look forward to every day. I'm starting my own business, and I've stopped veiwing myself so poorly. Although the work must be done by yourself and for yourself, I can't imagine where I'd be without the help and support I've found here.
 — Nicholas, Member Since 2021

 “Bodyfit is practically my second home. David, the owner, and the rest of the staff are not only a ton of fun to work with, but all incredibly knowledgeable! I had never really done much lifting prior to coming to Bodyfit, and now I love coming to bodyfit so much that I’m there almost every day. Their training programs range from kickboxing and Jiu Jitsu, to strength training and Olympic lifting - all of which you can show up to with zero knowledge, and someone will take the time to teach you. If you’re coming to try out Bodyfit, prepare yourself to have a gym family, because that’s what you’re going to get!”
 — Haley, Member Since 2017

 “Bodyfit is the best gym around! The coaches here have helped me gain 15lbs of muscle with their weightlifting program and diet planning since I've started earlier this year. I feel amazing and am in the best shape of my life!

 Not only are the trainers knowledgeable and supportive, but the community here is also super motivating. Everyone pushes each other to reach their goals, and it creates such a positive environment. The facility is always clean, and the variety of equipment is top-notch, so I never feel limited in my workouts.

 If you're serious about getting results and want to be surrounded by people who genuinely care about your progress, Bodyfit is the place to be. Highly recommend!”
 — Luke, Member Since 2024

 ### SCHEDULE YOUR VISIT See for yourself why Bodyfit is the best gym in Kansas City! Book your first session or schedule a tour with us and our friendly staff will make sure all your questions are answered.
