---
source_url: https://sandovalkarate.com/classes/jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://sandovalkarate.com/classes/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:18.820Z
---

Skip to content Get 1 Month Free**

 # Gilbert Gracie Jiu-Jitsu School. BJJ Training & Classes (Ages 12+)

 ###### Classes

 ###### Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Top-Notch GRACIE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU Classes in Gilbert, AZ

 Gracie Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) is a self-defense martial arts based on grappling, ground fighting, and submission holds. The benefits of jiu-jitsu are numerous and well-documented. Because jiu-jitsu combines dynamic and explosive movements with pressure-based isometric pushing, pulling, and maintaining, it aids in increased strength and cardio development, weight loss, and improved muscle tone. Our Gilbert jiu-jitsu training center will help you get in shape, gain confidence, and you will learn powerful self-defense skills. We are an Official Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy , schedule your visit online today – come grapple and roll with students and instructors today.

 ### Our jiu-jitsu classes teach students:

 - Grappling Techniques - Self-Esteem - Self-Defense - Social Interaction - Active Lifestyle - Problem Solving

 #### About our Jiu-jitsu Self-Defense Classes in Gilbert

 Gracie Arizona – Southeast Valley is a new affiliate taught by Gracie Arizona black belt Allen Sandoval. Mr. Sandoval is honored to represent Gracie Arizona and is privileged to share and teach Gracie Jiu-Jitsu techniques with his students. Mr. Sandoval is currently training under head instructor Nathan Zigler. Mr. Zigler has over 25 years of Jiu-Jitsu experience and is a 3rd Degree Black Belt under Grand Master Relson Gracie . If you want to learn jiu-jitsu in Gilbert and you’re searching for “jiu-jitsu near me,” “jiu-jitsu,” or “bjj training near me,” schedule your class online and come grapple with us. We’re located on the northeast corner of Higley and Ray in Gilbert & Sandoval Freestyle Karate; our BJJ training is for students 12 years and older, any skill-level.

 #### Class Info

 Duration :

 1 hour

 Ages :

 12+

 Days / Time :

 View Schedules

 Class Price :

 $16 - $21

 Get 1 Month Free

 ## Jiu-Jitsu class gallery

 First Month Free

 Get 1 Month Free**

 ###### Check Out Our Snack Bar in Tempe

 - S&S Snack Bar

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 - Home - About - Classes - Locations - Contact Us - Birthday Parties - Privacy Policy

 ###### LOCATIONS

 GILBERT

 - 1525 S Higley Rd #101 Gilbert, AZ 85296 - (480) 503-3788

 TEMPE/CHANDLER

 - 1701 E Warner Rd Tempe, AZ 85284 - (480) 664-8827

 ###### NEWSLETTER

 Sign up for our mailing list to get latest updates and offers from us.

 Email
 Subscribe

 Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube

 ###### Copyright © Sandoval Freestyle Karate | All Rights Reserved

 ### Get 1 Month Free**

 ###### **The free month promotion is good for 2 family members. Any additional family members will receive a free class
