---
source_url: https://sandovalkarate.com/classes/teens-adults/
final_url: https://sandovalkarate.com/classes/teens-adults/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:18.925Z
---

Skip to content Get 1 Month Free**

 # Life-Changing Teen & Adult Martial Arts Classes in Gilbert and Tempe (13 +)

 ###### Classes

 ###### Teens / Adults

 ## Can I Do Karate?

 Karate is a study of self-defense. It also helps students with self-awareness and enables them to remain in control of their environment. Teenagers are at an age where they are seeking an independent identity, and Karate enables them to do this. Martial arts incorporates adult responsibilities that help students throughout their lives. In addition, parents feel more comfortable knowing their teenagers have received self-defense training since they spend more time without their parent’s supervision. You are always young enough to learn Karate! There are a range of benefits if you are 40 or older! As you may know, Karate is a study of self-defense. Still, it also helps students with self-awareness and enables them to remain in control of their environment.
 Some people who are nervous to try new activities including karate should know that the benefits outweigh fear.
 Suppose you are nervous to try a Karate class. In that case, our Gilbert adult karate classes can fully overcome your fear because we have successfully taught Karate for over 25 years. All our instructors are black belts and can provide all students with the best martial arts training possible. We offer a wonderful and inviting atmosphere that everyone enjoys.

 ### Benefits of Karate for teenagers

 Karate benefits people of all ages, including young children and adults. However, karate training plays a multi-faceted and significant role with teenagers. There are many benefits of Karate for teenagers that you should know. Firstly, Karate helps build self-esteem, helping them learn to trust themselves. The role Karate has in maintaining mental health is extensive. It will create a good relationship between the body and mind of teenagers.
 In Teen Karate Classes, they see their instructors treat them with discipline, which instills discipline in them. We know very well that losing is an essential part of life. But many times, we cannot accept it. This training also facilitates them to develop the mentality of accepting defeat. And best of all, karate training will help you stay physically fit. It fulfills your exercise needs. After all, Karate plays a significant role in assisting teenagers to maintain physical and mental balance, self-reliance, and self-defense. You will have a lot of fun and receive an awesome workout from our Teen Karate Classes.

 ### Benefits of Karate for Adult

 Adults utilize incredible physical energy through Karate training, which gives adults a complete, full-body workout. This affects both their physical health and mental clarity. You will reap many benefits from attending adult karate classes. First, your confidence will increase. You will feel fit and confident. Self-defense is essential for adults. Through this training, you acquire life-saving techniques to save you in the face of danger.

 On the other hand, Your body and mind are intimately connected. Our karate classes will help keep your body and mind healthy and active. If you are overweight, you can lose weight through martial arts and develop a positive attitude and personality. When you undergo karate training, you have to perform different body movements. It increases your physical coordination and flexibility.

 ### What students will learn from our Teen and Adult Karate Classes:

 - Exercise - Self Defense Techniques - Stretching - Social Interaction - Strength - Self Confidence

 You are always young enough to learn Karate! Contact us if you are looking for both Teen and Adult Karate Classes in Gilbert . Our classes give you a complete and total body workout with a proper guide.

 #### Class Info

 Duration :

 45 minutes

 Ages :

 13+

 Days / Time :

 View Schedules

 Class Price :

 $16 - $21

 Get 1 Month Free

 ## class gallery

 First Month Free

 Get 1 Month Free**

 ###### Check Out Our Snack Bar in Tempe

 - S&S Snack Bar

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 - Home - About - Classes - Locations - Contact Us - Birthday Parties - Privacy Policy

 ###### LOCATIONS

 GILBERT

 - 1525 S Higley Rd #101 Gilbert, AZ 85296 - (480) 503-3788

 TEMPE/CHANDLER

 - 1701 E Warner Rd Tempe, AZ 85284 - (480) 664-8827

 ###### NEWSLETTER

 Sign up for our mailing list to get latest updates and offers from us.

 Email
 Subscribe

 Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube

 ###### Copyright © Sandoval Freestyle Karate | All Rights Reserved

 ### Get 1 Month Free**

 ###### **The free month promotion is good for 2 family members. Any additional family members will receive a free class
