---
source_url: https://sandovalkarate.com/locations/gilbert/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=SEMRush
final_url: https://sandovalkarate.com/locations/gilbert/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=SEMRush
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:19.231Z
---

Skip to content Get 1 Month Free**

 # Gilbert Karate & Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Classes

 Check out details about our Gilbert karate and mixed-martial arts classes. We have karate classes for kids, teenagers and adults. Call (480) 503-3788 today to schedule a visit and ask about our promotional details. We teach various martial arts disciplines, including Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Taekwondo, Muay Thai, Kick Boxing and Tang Soo Do. Use the button below to schedule your visit today and take advantage of our current promotion. Start your karate and martial arts classes with one of the best martial arts academies in Gilbert and learn from best-in-class instructors.

 Get 1 Month Free

 0

 ### +

 ##### Instructors

 0

 ##### Locations

 0

 ### +

 ##### 5 Star Reviews

 Little Dragons Karate Classes (4-6 Years) Karate classes in Gilbert for toddlers and young kids. View details about our mixed martial arts classes and see how martial arts can benefit children.

 Get 1 Month Free

 Kids Beginners Karate Classes (7-12 Years) Kids karate classes in Gilbert. See details about our mixed martial arts classes for kids older than 6, including how karate can improve their lives.

 Get 1 Month Free

 Teen & Adult Karate Classes (13+ Years) Teen & Adult karate classes in Gilbert. View details about our mixed martial arts classes for teenagers and adults.

 Get 1 Month Free

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes (12+ Years) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Gilbert. We are one of a handful of official Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu schools in the valley. Classes are taught by Mr. Sandoval; view details and class schedules.

 Get 1 Month Free

 ###### Sandoval Freestyle Karate

 ## Gilbert Karate & Mixed Martial Arts Classes, Over 25 Years

 Sandoval Freestyle Karate is a martial arts school with top-notch instructors and karate classes for kids, teenagers and adults. We are a family karate and mixed martial arts (MMA) academy operated by Mr. and Mrs. Sandoval. Our karate school in Gilbert is located on the northeast corner of Higley and Ray. Here we teach self-defense techniques from various karate and martial arts disciplines, including Brazilian Ju-Jitsu (BJJ), Kenpo, Kickboxing, Tang Soo Do, Muay Thai, and Taekwondo . If you would like to learn more about our Gilbert karate studio, or our martial arts academy , click on the About Us button below. To schedule your two free weeks of karate classes, click the red button at the top of the page that says ‘ GET 1 MONTH FREE .’ It only takes a minute to schedule your first karate class in Gilbert and begin your journey working towards a better you!

 about us

 ###### Start Learning Karate in Gilbert Today

 ## What Can You Learn from Mixed Martial Arts Training?

 - Learn Self Defense Skills - Various Kicks and Punches - Locks and Throws - Self-Discipline & Confidence - Excercise & Stretching Methods - Coordination & Balance - Flexibility & Martial Arts Techniques - Ways to Lower Your Heart Rate & Blood Pressure - Social Skills & Conflict Avoidance

 Get 1 Month Free

 ###### Wanna See What Our Gilbert Karate Academy Looks Like?

 ## Watch a virtual tour or our Gilbert karate School

 1525 S Higley Rd #101
 Gilbert, AZ 85296

 ###### what our clients have to say

 ## Testimonials

 view all Gilbert reviews

 ###### Gilbert Karate Classes, Online Schedule

 ## Sandoval Freestyle Karate Class Schedule

 Check out the days and times we have our karate, mixed martial arts and Brazilian Ju-Jitsu classes each week below.

 Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Little Dragons Beginner - White/Yellow Belt (Ages 4-6) | Monday 4:30-5:00pm | Tuesday 6:00-6:30pm | Wednesday 4:45-5:15pm | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 10:15-10:45AM Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Little Dragons Orange and up (ages 4-6) | Monday 4:00-4:30pm | Tuesday 5:30-6:00pm | Wednesday 5:15-5:45pm | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 9:45-10:15am Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Hi-White & White Belts Ages 7-12 | Monday 5:00-5:45pm | Tuesday 6:30-7:15pm | Wednesday 4:00-4:45pm | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 10:45-11:30am Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Yellow-Purple Belts (Ages 7-12) | Monday 6:30-7:15pm | Tuesday 4:45-5:30pm | Wednesday 5:45-6:30pm | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 11:30-12:15pm Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Weapons number 1 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 12:15-1:00pm Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Blue-Black Belts (Age 7-12) | Monday 5:45-6:30pm | Tuesday 4:00-4:45pm | Wednesday 6:30-7:15pm | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 1:00-1:45pm Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Weapons number 2 | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 1:45-2:30pm Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Teens/Adults Ages 13 and up | Monday 7:15-8:00pm | Tuesday 7:15-8:00pm | Wednesday 7:15-8:00pm | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 9:00-9:45am Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Kids (Ages 8-12) | Monday | Tuesday 4:00-4:45PM | Wednesday 5:45-6:30pm | Thursday 5:00-5:45PM | Friday | Saturday 9:00-9:45AM Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (Women Only) | Monday | Tuesday 7:00-8:00pm | Wednesday | Thursday 5:45-6:45PM | Friday | Saturday Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 13 and up) | Monday 8:00-9:00pm | Tuesday 8:00-9:00pm | Wednesday 8:00-9:00pm | Thursday 6:45-7:45pm | Friday | Saturday Class Schedules as of 1/29/2024 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Open Mat (Teens & Adults Only) | Monday 9:00pm | Tuesday 9:00pm | Wednesday 9:00PM | Thursday 7:30pm | Friday | Saturday 8:00am

 ###### Start Your Karate & Martial Arts Training

 ## Try 1 Month For Free Today

 Book your 1 month of free classes at Sandoval Freestyle Karate in Gilbert today! Train with the best and learn martial arts from world and national champion instructors. Claim your first free month of karate classes online, scheduling takes a few minutes and there’s no obligation. Ask how you can get a free karate gee!

 Get 1 Month Free

 First Month Free

 Get 1 Month Free**

 ###### Check Out Our Snack Bar in Tempe

 - S&S Snack Bar

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 - Home - About - Classes - Locations - Contact Us - Birthday Parties - Privacy Policy

 ###### LOCATIONS

 GILBERT

 - 1525 S Higley Rd #101 Gilbert, AZ 85296 - (480) 503-3788

 TEMPE/CHANDLER

 - 1701 E Warner Rd Tempe, AZ 85284 - (480) 664-8827

 ###### NEWSLETTER

 Sign up for our mailing list to get latest updates and offers from us.

 Email
 Subscribe

 Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube

 ###### Copyright © Sandoval Freestyle Karate | All Rights Reserved

 ### Get 1 Month Free**

 ###### **The free month promotion is good for 2 family members. Any additional family members will receive a free class
