---
source_url: http://ruffhousecolumbus.com
final_url: https://ruffhousecolumbus.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:02.462Z
---

# Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu Columbus ## A Columbus Jiu-Jitsu School – Ruffhouse Anytime, Anywhere
 Get Started Today

 ##### Start with a FREE Martial Arts Class! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu Columbus
 Welcome to Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu Columbus—a veteran-owned Gahanna and Columbus Jiu-Jitsu school! This is a family-oriented, laid-back atmosphere for anyone looking for martial arts training. Our tight-knit community provides a fun-loving environment for kids, teens, and adults to all enjoy and thrive in. While we focus on competition training, anyone and everyone can join us and fulfill their individual goals. You can develop self-defense skills while improving your coordination and health, and even lose weight. On top of that, mentally you’ll find yourself and your children gaining toughness, fortitude, and personal awareness. A transformative experience is awaiting you at Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu!

 ### Sign up for our two-week trial! Come get started with our extended trial. Sign up for two weeks of Columbus martial arts classes for $25 today!

 Join Now ##### Sign up for a two-week trial! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Memberships

 ### Schedule

 #### Learn more about ### Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu Columbus

 #### Our School Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu is a place for anyone to train martial arts in Columbus and Gahanna. Our team of instructors comes in every day with an eagerness to teach and help kids and adults through training. We make sure each student receives individualized training that isn’t just “checkmarking” new techniques. Classes are fluid, allowing our instructors to personalize training for whatever the group needs the most. Students aren’t just numbers but people with different needs and goals. This is a family where everyone is supported and thrives on and off the mat. This includes emphasizing respect, especially to our kids martial arts classes. They are taught to be outgoing, follow anti-bullying techniques, and to make friends. At Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu, as much as we strive to win, it is even more important to provide a space for everyone to be better and feel at home.

 #### History Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu has provided Gahanna and Columbus martial arts since 2011. Since then, under the leadership of owner and instructor Chris Larkin, we have expanded twice and moved into our new facility in June 2025. In the decade plus of teaching, we have continuously improved our kids program, placing a big effort into our local youth. Chris realizes the impact martial arts had on him and wants to pass that down to the younger generation.
 Chris began martial arts after his time in the Army in the 90s. He soon began to compete in MMA and eventually found himself in a Gi. From then on, Jiu-Jitsu became his passion. Chris continues to compete in Jiu-Jitsu tournaments—including winning a 2023 IBJJF tournament—to show kids it’s not about winning or losing, but about doing your best and working hard.

 #### Our Jiu-Jitsu ### Instructors The Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu team is here for everyone looking for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Columbus and Gahanna. Everyone is focused on helping students to improve in their own path, with all our coaches having unique skills and perspectives. Check out their bios to learn more about the passionate group of instructors at Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu Columbus!

 ##### Professor Chris Larkin

 ##### Coach Brandon Hughes

 ##### Coach Sarah Hughes

 ##### Coach Darnell Davis

 ##### Coach Laura Davis

 ##### Coach Nic Edgell

 ##### Coach Chris Blum

 ##### Coach Mitch Waxler

 ##### Coach Kevin Van Gorp

 ##### Coach Drew Griffey

 ### Our School Schedule! Go take a look at the Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu schedule. We have classes Monday-Friday with special weekend Open Mats and Competition Team work for everyone to train how they want. Take a look to find the best time for you and your family!

 View Schedule

 #### Explore Our Jiu-Jitsu ### Programs
 The Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu programs offer a variety of selections for students. We have Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for all age groups 4 and up as well as a women-only class. On top of BJJ, we also have adult Striking, youth Wrestling, and Private Classes. Check out the programs and begin your journey in martial arts in Columbus!

 #### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our kids Jiu-Jitsu class is a fun and structured environment where children learn the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu through age-appropriate drills, games, and techniques. Classes focus on building confidence, discipline, respect, and teamwork while improving coordination, balance, and self-defense skills. Instructors create a positive and encouraging atmosphere, making sure kids stay engaged and motivated as they practice takedowns, escapes, and basic submissions in a safe and controlled way. The goal is not only to teach martial arts but also to help children develop life skills that carry over beyond the mats.
 - Panda Cubs (ages 4-10) - Panda Jr. Cubs (ages 10-14)

 #### Teens and Adults Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our classes consist of rigorous warmups, drills, technique training, and sparring. Jiu-Jitsu teaches teens and adults how to defend and submit opponents or attackers of any size or shape. Each body type has its advantages and disadvantages in fighting, and through Jiu-Jitsu, students will learn how to use their body effectively. Jiu-Jitsu teaches students discipline, respect, humility, and to overcome fear and adversity.

 #### Women-Only Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our women’s-only Jiu-Jitsu class, led by Purple Belt Coach Sarah, offers a supportive and empowering environment for women of all experience levels to learn and grow in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. The class focuses on practical self-defense techniques, positional control, and submissions, while also building strength, confidence, and community. Coach Sarah provides patient, detailed instruction and creates a comfortable space where women can challenge themselves, improve fitness, and develop their skills alongside like-minded training partners.

 #### Adult Striking This program works with all the different areas of striking. Students learn skills in Muay Thai, MMA, and Boxing to provide a balanced approach. This allows students to combine everything they have learned for self-defense situations or in competitions. Their stand up and on-the-ground will provide them the skills to thrive in whichever striking situation they find themselves in.

 #### Youth Wrestling (6-14) The youth Wrestling program at Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu is focused on children getting started in martial arts. They are taught basic Wrestling skills as we go through drills that are all about the fundamentals. It is a great opportunity to build grappling skills before entering high school and competing for your school.

 #### Private Classes This is a one-hour private lesson for any of our martial arts classes. Whether it’s Jiu-Jitsu, Striking, or Wrestling, come work with one of our instructors for individualized training and specific technique work.

 ### Words from our Community Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu is not your typical mega gym. This is a close-knit community that treats each student’s situation with respect and extremely detailed attention. Our students are met by a team who cares about their on-the-mat success and off-the-mat growth. Want to hear more? Then check out what those who have trained with us have to say about why our competitive Columbus Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school is the best around!

 Previous “Everyone was friendly, respectful, and passionate about Jiu Jitsu — a great reflection of what the community is all about. I’ll definitely be stopping back in!”

 Parker & Lauri Harrison
 Google

 “If you’re looking for a place to learn Jiu-Jitsu while being part of an incredible community, this is the place to be. I highly recommend it to anyone”

 Jesse Haynes
 Google

 “I’ve been training at this gym coming up on a year now. I have felt welcome from the very start. All ages and skill levels are welcome.”

 Taylor Redecker
 Google

 Next

 ### Sign up for a FREE martial arts class! Make sure to take advantage of our special offer. Sign up for our trial and come in for a free martial arts class! Sign up now to see what makes Ruffhouse Jiu-Jitsu special!

 Join Now ##### Start with a FREE Martial Arts Class! ×

 ### Contact Us! We welcome everyone to join us for Jiu-Jitsu in Columbus and Gahanna as well as those in New Albany, Reynoldsburg, and Westerville. You can find us 5 minutes away from Columbus Airport right off the freeway leaving 270 or 670!

 (614) 769-1533

 chris@ruffhousecolumbus.com

 145 S. Stygler Rd, Gahanna, OH 43230
