---
source_url: http://www.sonomavalleyjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://sonomavalleyjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.886Z
---

707-343-1013

 555 5th St W, Sonoma, CA 95476

 - Home - ABOUT - CLASS SCHEDULE - CONTACT US - FAQ

 SONOMA VALLEY
 JIU JITSU

 Sonoma Valley Jiu Jitsu (SVJJ) is your new, local Jiu Jitsu gym in Sonoma, CA, and a proud Roy Dean Academy Affiliate . We are dedicated to teaching fundamental Jiu Jitsu skills and developing fitness for kids and adults in a supportive and welcoming community. Our goal is to provide an environment where members can develop their Jiu Jitsu and grappling skills while forming lasting connections. As part of the Roy Dean Academy network, our classes are designed to be both challenging and fun, helping you grow and thrive while benefiting from a lineage of excellence in Jiu Jitsu.

 LEARN MORE

 SONOMA VALLEY JIU JITSU IS A BRAND NEW FACILITY FOR ALL LEVELS IN SONOMA, CA.

 Our challenging classes will push you and your family beyond your mental and physical limits, but all the fun will keep you coming back for more!

 A SAFE AND FUN WAY TO LEARN SELF-DEFENSE FOR ALL AGES AND SKILL LEVELS

 Whether you're a child, teen, or adult, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offers a dynamic blend of fitness, discipline, and fun. Not only does it sharpen focus and build unshakable confidence, but it also fosters resilience, leadership, and the ability to overcome challenges.
 Through expert instruction in a supportive community, you'll develop lifelong skills—both mentally and physically—that empower you to succeed on the mat, in school or work, and in everyday life.
 Join us and discover a new level of strength, balance, and self-belief.

 # WELCOME TO SONOMA VALLEY # JIU JITSU

 Hello, I’m Tavis, owner of Sonoma Valley Jiu Jitsu. It's an honor to be here in this beautiful community. My goal is to inspire every person who walks through our doors to be their best self.

 We offer training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for children, beginners, and intermediate skill levels.
 Join us and learn how Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can transform your life both on and off the mat.

 Quick Access

 About Us
 Schedule
 Roy Dean Affiliates

 Follow Us

 Facebook
 Google
 I nstagram

 Contact US

 555 5th St W, Sonoma, CA 95476
 (707) 343-1013
 [email protected]

 © 2024 - SONOMA VALLEY JIU JITSU
 555 5TH ST W SONOMA CA 95476 | 707-343-1013
 Sonoma Valley | Santa Rosa | Napa | Petaluma | Healdsburg | Kenwood | Glen Ellen
