---
source_url: http://www.nature-jiujitsu.com
final_url: https://nature-jiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:32.669Z
---

# Nature Jiu Jitsu #### Get in shape, build confidence, change your life Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome! ## Nature Jiu Jitsu
 At Nature Jiu Jitsu, we take pride in helping you accomplish your goals. We believe that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is not just for self-defense, but through our classes, you will build confidence and develop a new way of thinking that will impact your life. Men, women, and children from the age of 3+ are all welcome. Come and join us!

 ## First Class Free! Still not sure that Jiu Jitsu is for you? Don’t just take our word for it, experience Nature Jiu Jitsu for yourself. Sign up today and enjoy a free first class!

 Special Offers

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Nature Jiu Jitsu, we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## About Us At Nature Jiu Jitsu, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Here at Nature Jiu Jitsu, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Discipline The art of Jiu Jitsu is built on self-discipline. Nature Jiu Jitsu will help you reach your goals, teach you to work hard, and share skills that will last you a lifetime.

 ##### Focus Amid the distractions of social media and the demands of modern life, martial arts helps you refocus.

 ##### Confidence Our martial arts training will leave you feeling strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ##### Community Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, and dedicated students, you’ll sense our community the moment you walk through the doors.

 ##### Quality Thanks to our dedicated instructors and high-quality curriculum, Nature Jiu Jitsu is the best of the best.

 ##### Goals Sick of setting goals and never accomplishing them? Join martial arts and start seeing results.

 #####

 ## Gallery

 ## Testimonials

 It’s a very supportive atmosphere that will help push you, encourage you, and celebrate your accomplishments.

 Alexander B , Student

 I would highly recommend his gym to anyone. One of the best decisions my wife and I have ever made.

 James O , Family

 I can't recommend this place enough! professor Tâniel is the best! My 3 sons and I do this as a family and love it!

 Jesse F , Family

 As a military family, it’s hard to find a place that feels like home, but when you walk into this building you will see we are all family.

 Kimberly B , Family

 If you are looking for a humble, down-to-earth, family-oriented, and disciplined gym, this is the gym you should call home.

 Melissa B , Family

 ### Contact Us Today! Nature Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (828) 719-7517
 naturejiujitsu@gmail.com
 208 Mclver St, Sanford, NC 27330
 Get Directions

 ### Nature Jiu Jitsu 208 Mclver St, Sanford, NC 27330
 Get Directions

 ## First Class Free! Still not sure that Jiu Jitsu is for you? Don’t just take our word for it, experience Nature Jiu Jitsu for yourself. Sign up today and enjoy a free first class!

 Special Offers
