---
source_url: http://www.kzoobjj.net
final_url: https://www.kzoobjj.net/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:18.326Z
---

Skip to content ## See You on the Mats! ## 269-251-1263 CHECK OUT OUR SCHEDULE
 CONTACT US NOW!

 STRENGTH IS THE PRODUCT OF STRUGGLE, YOU MUST DO
 WHAT OTHER DON'T TO ACHIEVE WHAT OTHERS WON'T

 # Kalamazoo BJJ Kalamazoo BJJ offers instruction in Carlson Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under head coach Ben Lindhout. Professor Ben is a BJJ black belt, certified under the Carlson Gracie Team and the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF). He is the top BJJ instructor in the Kalamazoo area.

 There are many martial arts programs offered, but what makes Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu stand out among so many?

 ### Self Defense BJJ is all about how to defend yourself from a bigger, stronger opponent, and primarily takes place on the ground. This makes it an effective form of self-defense that has actually been proven to work, as seen in the numerous popular MMA matches where fighters have defeated their opponents with chokes, armbars and triangles.

 ### Fitness BJJ is not only a full-body workout, but also a fun and enjoyable experience. While even those in incredible shape have been left exhausted by the end of class, BJJ can be modified for any fitness level.

 ### Friendship Training in BJJ immediately opens your world to making new friends, many of whom become family. Good training partners and instructors are needed in order to improve, and they quickly become your best friends.

 For more information on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and how it can benefit you, check out our article “What Is BJJ?” or our Testimonials Page , and don’t miss out on our GroupOn special price of $45 for one month unlimited training!

 ### Please come join us for a free night of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to meet the instructor and students, and see for yourself all that BJJ has to offer. Contact us through our website or email ben@kalamazoobjj.net to schedule your free class.

 CHECK OUT OUR SCHEDULE

 Go to Top
