---
source_url: https://vitaljiujitsu.com/kids-classes
final_url: https://vitaljiujitsu.com/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:31.083Z
---

# Kid's Programs #### Kid's Muay Thai Kids learn to de-escalate situations and defend themselves in the ancient art of Muay Boran and Muay Thai. Punches, knees and kicks intermixed with conditioning in a safe learning environment.
 Ages 5-13

 Check our Schedule

 #### Kids Jiu Jitsu We strive to promote a fun and safe atmosphere where kids not only have the opportunity to learn but also gain a healthy sense of community and productive lifestyle. Jiu Jitsu is the best first step to inspiring confidence and developing character.
 Ages 5-13

 Pricing Options

 #### Dawn T. and family... What do you think about VITAL/Tacoma #### Kavana, Tano and Sina sound off about VITAL Jiu Jitsu/ Srisuk. #### Kavana, Tano and Sina sound off about VITAL Jiu Jitsu/ Srisuk.
 "My daughter, goddaughter, and I have trained at MABJJ for a couple of years now. I am grateful to the owner and teachers as well as other students for making us feel so welcome! We have learned so many great techniques to protect ourselves while having such a good time, and my girls are learning discipline and respect! I would highly recommend this place to anyone, any age, any level!"

 #### Kavana, Tano and Sina sound off about VITAL Jiu Jitsu/ Srisuk. #### Kavana, Tano and Sina sound off about VITAL Jiu Jitsu/ Srisuk. #### Kavana, Tano and Sina sound off about VITAL Jiu Jitsu/ Srisuk.
 Kanava- The instructors aren't mean, but they make you get stuff done! Practicing the moves is fun!
 Tano- My favorite part of the wrestling class is doing the moves. If you get something wrong, they don't yell at you instead they give you tips about the moves.
 Sina -I personally can't say enough great things about you guys. The atmosphere

 Show More
 Kanava- The instructors aren't mean, but they make you get stuff done! Practicing the moves is fun!
 Tano- My favorite part of the wrestling class is doing the moves. If you get something wrong, they don't yell at you instead they give you tips about the moves.
 Sina -I personally can't say enough great things about you guys. The atmosphere is positive and friendly. My boys are learning so much and having fun.
 Thank you for all you do.

 Show Less

 #### Feel free to reach out if you have any questions! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person! We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.

 #### VITAL Jiu Jitsu / Srisuk Muay Thai 2519 Pacific Hwy E, Tacoma, Washington 98424, United States
 Grapplingclubllc@gmail.com

 #### Hours Monday -Friday: 7am-9am & 430pm-8pm
 Saturday: 830am-1pm
 Sunday: 1 pm
