---
source_url: https://www.workshophonolulu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.workshophonolulu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:16.053Z
---

# WORKSHOP HONOLULU Workshop Honolulu is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy dedicated to studying modern grappling techniques, methods and philosophy.

 # Class offering At Workshop Honolulu, we offer a variety of classes suited to a variety of grappling interests. In each of the class types we aim to employ the most modern practice methods to get the most out of our training time.

 ### SUBMISSION GRAPPLING BASICS In our basics class, each student will learn the basic concepts, tactics and techniques that underlie modern submission grappling. Each student will learn to master basic details of traditional grappling techniques. Class will generally end with positional sparring.

 ### ADVANCED SUBMISSION GRAPPLING - GI In our Advanced Gi class, we take the ideas, techniques and skills learned in more elementary grappling classes and learn to build offensive and defensive systems. Moreover, we learn to inject our own personalities into the way we play. We, individually, learn to build our own style based on our own sensibilities. At the end of each advanced class, gi and no-gi, we always leave time for sparring. In sparring, we have the chance to learn through trial and error.

 ### ADVANCED SUBMISSION GRAPPLING - NO GI Our advanced no gi submission grappling class works along the same lines as the gi class, however, we spend a larger amount of time on the most modern aspects of grappling - leg locks and other non-traditional positioning (all the while reinforcing more traditional styles of play).
