---
source_url: https://www.riseupbjj.com
final_url: https://www.riseupbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:03.131Z
---

## RISE UP TO A BETTER YOU
 "Owe no one anything, except to love one another; for the one who loves another has fulfilled the law." - Romans 13:8

 LEARN BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU IN A SAFE & SUPPORTIVE ENVIRONMENT SUITABLE FOR ALL AGES

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 SAFE ENVIRONMENT

 DEDICATED COACHES

 Clean, organized, and sanitized everyday

 Individualized coach feedback

 FAMILY COMMUNITY

 Be inspired, challenged,
 and supported

 What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 # LEARNING BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU CAN BE INTIMIDATING
 Afraid of getting hurt, not fitting in or confused about where to start?
 You shouldn't have to be a super athlete to learn BJJ. That's why we created a safe and supportive environment to help you learn.

 ## A SAFE AND SUPPORTIVE TRAINING ENVIRONMENT FOR ALL AGES
 How we set you up for success : ​
 ​
 ​

 ​ ​ ​
 Knowledgable & dedicated instructors
 ​

 Get matched with an experienced guide

 ​ Receive personalized instruction & support

 Learn & practice fundamental positions

 No pressure to fight

 Structured environment

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 HI! MY NAME IS
 "COACHOJOJO."

 I am the head of the Rise Up BJJ Affiliation.
 I am a second degree black belt & a veteran competitor in BJJ. I have been training for 17 years & teaching for 14 years.

 HEY! MY NAME IS
 BRANDON NELSON.

 I am the head instructor of this Rise Up BJJ affiliate.
 I am a second degree brown belt under Coachojojo. I have been training for 10+ years and teaching for several years.

 Find Out More About Our Academy

 ## ARE YOU READY TO RISE UP?
 STEP 1 :

 Register for a free class

 STEP 2 :

 Join us for a fun and
 non-intimidating intro class

 STEP 3 :

 Unlock your full potential with us!

 We understand that learning martial arts can be intimidating. We promise you will learn in a safe and supportive environment so that you can see what we love about BJJ, Judo, and self-defense in general and if we're the right fit for you!

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 # OUR PROGRAMS
 Pheonixes

 Ages 4-7

 - Learn real BJJ - Physical fitness & outlet for energy - Gain self-control & discipline
 ​ ​

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 ADULTS

 Ages 13+ and up

 - Learn in a safe environment to reduce risk of injury - Gain strength and confidence
 ​

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 JUNIORS

 Ages 7-13

 - Learn real BJJ - Physical fitness & outlet for energy - Gain confidence in yourself
 ​ ​

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 JUDO

 Ages 13+

 - Learn real Judo - Gain confidence in your ability to take people down
 ​ ​

 BOOK A FREE CLASS

 ## WHAT OUR CLIENTS ARE SAYING
 "I had wanted to try out BJJ for years but I was pretty intimidated about learning a new skill. On top of that I had heard stories about nightmare gyms with a super toxic culture so I was pretty nervous. I was welcomed by everyone and pretty much immediately I felt comfortable. Everyone has been willing to help me learn this complex skill and answer any questions I have (and I’ve had hundreds). It’s a great workout and such a fun time. I can’t speak for other gyms, but I can say with 100% certainty that Rise Up BJJ has a great atmosphere with good people and an extremely talented staff. You’ll be in good hands."

 RYAN PENNY
