---
source_url: https://www.oceansidebjj.com/our-programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://www.oceansidebjj.com/our-programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:39.404Z
---

Oceanside (516) 322-7509 Cart

 FREE INTRO
 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu – The Most Efficient Martial Art For Self-Defense and Fitness Learn to fight and defend yourself in a fun setting
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and fighting system that is designed to help people of any size defend themselves by focusing on leverage and body mechanics. It's also a terrific way to tone and firm your body and reap the health benefits of martial arts..

 Access Our Schedule

 ## Let The Staff At Oceanside Kioto BJJ Help You Achieve These Goals Want to lose weight, tone muscles and be in better health?

 Want to feel prepared to defend yourself and your family if you need to?

 Want to achieve goals that to some seem insurmountable?

 ## Physical And Mental Fitness Is Important For People Of All Ages And Sizes Studying martial arts provides you with physical and mental challenges.e
 By setting and achieving goals, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will enhance your understanding of what you can accomplish.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art developed by the Gracie Family that teaches students to use leverage and cunning strategy to over come attackers/opponents. A descendant of Judo, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is both a sport and a martial art – and it’s fun to learn.

 ## Lose Weight And Build Muscle Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an intense workout that requires you to use your whole body unlike any other physical fitness routine.
 By combining cardiovascular training with strength and conditioning, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu students push their bodies hard and achieve their goals.
 It’s a great way to get in shape in a fun and supportive environment.

 ## Brazilian jiu jitsu students walk with confidence and pride There are very few feelings in this world that can equate to knowing your body is strong, agile and able to perform under pressure when called upon." Studying Brazilian Jiu Jitsu gives students the knowledge that they can leverage their body’s strength to accomplish things they never thought possible. Practioners of martial arts show increases in self confidence and pride which directly carries over to every area of their personal lives!

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Is Also An International Sport Besides being a martial art, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is also an international sport. Students with a competitive drive can test themselves against other practitioners from around the world.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu requires students to spar in class; this way each student can understand which techniques works for them in a real but controlled situation.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitions help students set goals and work toward them.

 "One of a kind experience. Oceanside Kioto BJJ is truly one of the best academies for anyone of all ages. It's an environment full of people who push and better each other. Everyone is eager to learn and have fun. From the BBQ’s, belt promotions and seminars, It feels more like a family than anything else. I started BJJ somewhere else, but this has been by far the BEST experience I ever had. I would recommend Oceanside Kioto BJJ to anyone. If you’re looking for a positive introduction to BJJ and MMA look no further.!" - Brandon S.

 Do I need previous martial arts experience study Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, you don’t. The expert staff at Oceanside Kioto Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will be there for you for every step along your journey.

 Do I need any special equipment to attend class?
 Students typically wear a Gi. Given the controlled combative nature of class, it is beneficial, but not required to wear mouth guards.

 As a beginner, do I need to spar?
 No. Beginner classes focus on teaching basic techniques and safety. When the staff feels that you are ready, they will encourage you to participate, but it is not mandatory.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help me defend myself?
 Absolutely. It’s one of the world’s most effective self-defense martial art. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is taught to the many branches of the armed forces around the world.

 Will I lose weight doing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a great full-body work out. It’s both an aerobic and anaerobic workout. Additionally, it will increase your flexibility and tone your muscles.

 The benefits of Oceanside Kioto BJJ will touch every aspect of your life. At Oceanside Kioto BJJ, our students become leaders. Please contact us if you have any questions at [email protected] .

 #### Request More Information - X/TwitterThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. - Name* First Last - Email* - Phone* - I am interested in:*Brazilian Jiu-JitsuPrivate Lessons - - CAPTCHA

 Δ

 Your Privacy is Our Policy.
 FOLLOW US @oceansidekiotobjj

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu • Oceanside Kioto BJJ
