---
source_url: https://www.oceansidebjj.com
final_url: https://www.oceansidebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:39.578Z
---

Oceanside (516) 322-7509 Cart

 FREE INTRO
 # Our Students Become Leaders Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu • Martial Arts • Oceanside
 Request More Information
 Store Private Lessons

 Access Our Schedule

 ## Our Programs ### The benefits of Oceanside Kioto BJJ will touch every aspect of your life. At Oceanside Kioto BJJ, our students become leaders. We nurture your independent thinking, supports your fighting spirit, and helps you achieve your personal fitness goals. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Private Lessons

 View Schedule

 ## Current News ## Now at Mutant MMA Down The Block more

 ## First Class! more

 ## New Location more

 View All

 "One of a kind experience. Oceanside Kioto BJJ is truly one of the best academies for anyone of all ages. It's an environment full of people who push and better each other. Everyone is eager to learn and have fun. From the BBQ’s, belt promotions and seminars, It feels more like a family than anything else. I started BJJ somewhere else, but this has been by far the BEST experience I ever had. I would recommend Oceanside Kiot0 BJJ to anyone. If you’re looking for a positive introduction to BJJ and MMA look no further.!" - Brandon S.

 ## Online Store
 - Private Lessons $120.00 Add to cart - Sale! Class Drop-in Mat Fee $30.00 Original price was: $30.00.$20.00Current price is: $20.00. Add to cart

 #### Request More Information - URLThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. - Name* First Last - Email* - Phone* - I am interested in:*Brazilian Jiu-JitsuPrivate Lessons - - CAPTCHA

 Δ

 Your Privacy is Our Policy.
 FOLLOW US @oceansidekiotobjj

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu • Oceanside Kioto BJJ
