---
source_url: https://eastonmartialarts.com
final_url: https://eastonmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:36.477Z
---

Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness Warrior Training. Warrior Wellness

 # Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today

 # Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today Become Stronger, Safer, and More Confident — Starting Today

 ## Easton Academy of warrior arts

 ## Esgrima, Self Defense, Wellness, real results for all ages! At our Academy we understand that our journey is one of self discovery in the pursuit of freedom of expression and happiness. We all have untapped potential, and through functional self-defense training, fitness and exercise, and the training mind body and spirit, we attain Enlightenment, a sense of Safety, Peace, and Happiness. Easton Academy of Warrior Arts is where warriors are made and to embrace this way of life one must have an Indomitable Spirit, it's a reminder for us to live fearlessly and to the fullest and to be heroes to ourselves and our community.

 ## Contact Us #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Easton Warrior arts Academy 5 Hampden Drive, South Easton, Massachusetts 02375, United States
 508-942-4339 Coach Anwarr/ anwarrbtoma@gmail.com

 #### Hours Mon | 05:30 pm – 07:30 pm | Tue | 07:00 pm – 08:00 pm | Wed | 05:30 pm – 07:30 pm | Thu | 05:30 pm – 07:30 pm | Fri | Closed | Sat | Closed | Sun | Closed |

 Sundays, Mondays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays
 Location

 5 Hampden Dr, South Easton MA, 02375

 Get directions

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Please contact us if you cannot find an answer to your question.

 What will I learn We are a Mixed Martial Arts Academy that centers around .
 - Meditation techniques I.e. Bhavana, Jhana, and Bai Fù Sao are a few - Weapons Fencing- Saber and Cutlass/ Machete Fencing, Stick fighting- Long Staff - Armed and unarmed Self defense training - Sanshou Kickboxing skills and sparring-combos, foot work etc, throwing , rolling and break falls, grappling and joint locking. - Boxing

 Do I need a uniform and belt The Children's program does require a uniform, but not a traditional Gi, we believe that our students should train in what they wear. The uniform helps to create an environment of unity and school pride, and also avoids their regular clothes from getting ruined. the children's program does receive belt and certificates when promoted.
 The Adult program No Gi or belts are necessary we are here to train and better ourselves, It is a good idea to use a uniform they are designed to make a beating unlike your regular street clothes. In our school we want to promote humility, and confidence. Your growth and transformation starts from within and is personal. There is a ranking system, we focus on true merit and good work ethic we just require you bring a positive attitude, good energy, and workout clothes for our high energy training. Adult's uniform is the Easton School Shirt, Kickboxing pants and shorts are available. During our promotion ceremonies full uniform pants, belt and shirt will be required.

 Is contact part of the training Yes this is a full is contact school, we don’t want you to be discouraged or intimidated by hearing full contact, we prioritize safe and respectful sparring. It's essential for building stamina, creativity, timing, and confidence, while enhancing self defense skills. We emphasize smarter training methods that make the experience fun and safe, promoting overall growth in our students.

 Is this School for me If you value your coach spending more time on technique and detail
 If you want to get fit
 If you are someone who isn't so interested in belts, but rather gaining real competence in martial abilities, through functional training
 Easton Academy of Warrior Arts is the place for you!

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
