---
source_url: http://fluid-jiujitsu.com/
final_url: https://www.fluid-jiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:26.625Z
---

## Pedro Sauer Association ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy

 ## To Schedule Your Free Trial Class:

 Request A Text or Call Back

 ## Dedicated to great Jiu Jitsu in southeast Wisconsin!

 ## Call 414-801-5524 for more information

 ### Leave us a Google Review with this QR Code

 -Class every night at 7:00 pm
 – Adult beginner curriculum Thursdays at 7:00 pm
 – Kids kickboxing at 5:00 pm on Friday
 -Adult beginner curriculum Saturdays at 11:00 am

 ## Come to the Mixed Martial Arts Academy the Whole Family Can Enjoy Whether you’re looking for self-defense classes for you or your kids or a way to increase your physical activity, you’ll find the classes and instructors you’re looking for at Fluid Jiu Jitsu. Owned by a 3rd degree black belt, our academy located in Greenfield, WI (right in between KPOT & Board Game Barrister) is the perfect place for you or your child to learn self-defense techniques that will benefit you or them for a lifetime. Our Academy is offering your first class FREE to see if Fluid is right for you and your family. Call or email us today to enroll!

 ## Kids’ Jiu Jitsu Class Jiu jitsu training is more vigorous than many other martial arts due to its intense nature. Let our instructors teach your kids the proper way to participate in the demanding sport.

 #### Learn More

 ## Kids’ Kickboxing Class Give your kids the chance to channel their energy and build their physical and mental strength. Enroll your child into our kids’ kickboxing class now. Friday at 5:00 pm

 #### Learn More

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu Class Our academy specializes in jiu jitsu classes for adults. Get signed up today and receive a discounted rate if you’re a first responder, a veteran, or under the age of 25.

 #### Learn More

 ## Experienced Instructors You’ll learn from the best when you come to Fluid Jiu Jitsu. Our instructors are determined to provide top-notch training to each of their students.

 ## Enroll Today Are you ready to sign up for a class? Call us at 414-801-5524 to enroll or complete our short online form and we’ll give you a call back with more information.

 ### Testimonials

 ## What People are Saying

 #### “Awesome school!!!”

 “ Professor is an awesome teacher and great school of colleagues!!! Really glad to have signed up for a membership “
 Maurice Minner

 #### “Best Decision”

 “ Joining Fluid was one of the best decisions of my life. I joined 3 years ago, and am one of the oldest team members. My friends thought I was crazy. But training at Fluid has made me stronger physically, mentally, and emotionally. It has helped me find a balance in my life. Professor Brenton is an expert at jiu jitsu and a fantastic teacher. My Fluid teammates have become great friends (not just training partners). Such a supportive welcoming atmosphere, I wouldn’t train anyplace else! “
 Tracy Stuckert

 #### “Incredible Instruction”

 “ Perfectly suited for both casual and competitive training in the martial arts. Allows for growth in sport and practical self defense. I recommend this school to anyone that even shows a passing interest in the martial arts. The group of people are extremely friendly and welcoming as well.”
 Chris Wunsch

 #### “Great”

 “Great martial art and taught by a dedicated and knowledgeable person. Brent Fitzgerald”
 Bill Fitzgerald

 ## Get started with Fluid Jiu Jitsu!

 ### Visit Us

 Greenfield
 Fluid Jiu Jitsu
 4908 S. 74th St
 Greenfield, WI 53220
 Get Directions

 ### Hours

 Monday
 11:00 am - 1:30 pm, 5:30 pm - 9:30 pm
 Tuesday
 6:00 am - 7:30 am, 5:30 pm - 9:30 pm
 Wednesday
 4:00 pm - 9:30 pm
 Thursday
 6:00 am - 7:30 am, 5:30 pm - 9:30 pm
 Friday
 11:00 am - 1:30 pm, 4:30 pm - 9:00 pm
 Saturday
 9:30 am - 1:30 pm
 Sunday
 10:30 am - 1:30 pm

 ### Contact Us

 Greenfield: 414-801-5524
 Mt Pleasant: 414-629-8814
 fluidjiujitsu@gmail.com
