---
source_url: https://www.gbchandler.com
final_url: https://gbchandler.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:16.654Z
---

Gracie barra

 Brazilian Jiu-jitsu

 Gracie Barra Chandler embraces a “jiu-jitsu for everyone” philosophy, providing a diverse selection of classes designed for all ages, skill levels, and fitness aspirations. Our goal is to cultivate an inclusive and welcoming environment where both beginners and seasoned practitioners feel valued and supported. This commitment to fostering a sense of community ensures that everyone can embark on their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey in a safe and encouraging space.
 At the heart of our approach are the core values of brotherhood, integrity, and personal development. We believe in promoting a culture of mutual growth and learning, where practitioners uplift one another. By prioritizing these values, we make Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu accessible and enjoyable for everyone, regardless of their background or experience. At Gracie Barra Chandler, we are dedicated to helping individuals discover their potential while building lasting friendships through the art of jiu-jitsu.

 CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL CLASS

 HAVE QUESTIONS? CLICK HERE TO SEND US A TEXT

 ##### A Message from Professor Paulo Eduardo "Piu"

 OUR classes

 Little Champions 1
 The LC1 program, or Little Champions, at Gracie Barra Chandler is specially designed for kids ages 4-6. This fun and engaging program introduces young learners to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu through games and playful activities, helping them develop coordination, discipline, and social skills. It's a fantastic way for your little ones to build confidence while making new friends in a supportive environment, while also building a sense of brotherhood, sisterhood, and community!

 LEARN MORE

 Little Champions 2
 The LC2 program, or Little Champions, at Gracie Barra Chandler is tailored for kids ages 7-9. This exciting program builds on the foundations of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, focusing on technique, discipline, and self-defense in a fun and engaging environment. Through skill-building exercises and teamwork, students gain confidence and develop important life skills while making new friends. Join us to empower your child on their Jiu-Jitsu journey!

 LEARN MORE

 Juniors
 The Juniors program at Gracie Barra Chandler is designed for kids ages 10-15, offering an exciting opportunity to deepen their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu skills. Focused on technique, self-defense, and fitness, this program fosters discipline and resilience while promoting teamwork and camaraderie. As students progress, they build confidence and prepare for future challenges on and off the mats. Join us to help your child thrive in a supportive and dynamic environment!

 LEARN MORE

 Advanced Kids Class & Competition team
 Join the Gracie Barra Chandler competition team! Open by invite to students 10+ (gray/white belt & up), plus an advanced kids class for ages 7+ (gray/white belt). Train hard, sharpen your skills, and compete with the support of dedicated coaches in a focused, high-energy environment.

 PAGE COMING SOON

 GBF - women Only
 classes
 The GBF Women’s Only program at Gracie Barra Chandler is a welcoming space designed specifically for women to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a supportive environment. This program focuses on self-defense techniques, fitness, and personal empowerment, allowing participants to build confidence and skills while connecting with other women. Whether you're a beginner or looking to refine your techniques, join us and be part of an inspiring community!

 Learn More

 Gb1 - Adult Fundamentals
 The GB1 Adult Fundamentals program at Gracie Barra Chandler is perfect for those new to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. This comprehensive program teaches essential techniques, self-defense skills, and principles in a supportive environment. Focused on building a strong foundation, students will enhance their fitness, coordination, and confidence while developing a solid understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and the Gracie Barra Chandler Community!

 Learn More

 GB2 - White Belt 3 stripes and up
 The GB2 program at Gracie Barra Chandler is designed for white belts with three stripes and above, focusing on refining techniques and expanding skill sets. In this program, students dive deeper into Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu strategies, sparring, and advanced concepts, all while fostering a supportive training environment. Whether you’re looking to improve your game or prepare for your next belt promotion, join us to elevate your skills and connect with fellow practitioners!

 learn more

 GB3 - Blue Belts and Up
 The GB3 program at Gracie Barra Chandler is tailored for blue belts and above, offering an advanced curriculum that emphasizes technique refinement, strategy, and competition preparation. In this dynamic environment, students engage in challenging drills and sparring sessions to enhance their skills and understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Join us to take your training to the next level, connect with experienced practitioners, and continue your journey in BJJ!

 PAGE COMING SOON

 All Class Schedule

 Adult Schedule

 Kids Schedule

 Competition Team Schedule

 Weekly Schedule

 [<<Click Image to Zoom]
 At Gracie Barra Chandler, we offer a dynamic schedule designed to cater to all skill levels and age groups. Our classes begin as early as 7am on most weekdays, and continue on as late as 8:15pm. This includes our GBK Classes, which are:
 LC1 – Little Champions – Ages 4-6 years old
 LC2 – Little Champions – Ages 7-9 years old
 Juniors – Ages 10-15 years old
 GBF – Women Only
 GB1 – Adults Fundamentals/ All Levels
 GB2 – Adults – White Belt 3 Stripes and Up
 GB3 – Blue Belts & Up
 Additionally, we host various seminars and open mat sessions throughout the month.
 Please note that our schedule is subject to change, so it’s important to stay updated. For the latest announcements and any adjustments to class times, we recommend checking our official website or joining our Telegram group once you become a student.
 This way, you can ensure you’re always informed about any updates or changes that may affect your training schedule. We look forward to seeing you on the mats and helping you on your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey!3

 CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL CLASS

 HAVE QUESTIONS? CLICK HERE TO SEND US A TEXT

 OUR VALUES

 brotherhood/ sisterhood

 Gracie Barra Chandler represents a brotherhood and sisterhood, promoting mutual respect and encouragement. Join our diverse family on the mat, unified by a shared passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, as we together, celebrate victories, learn from defeats, and continuously uplift each other.

 integrity

 Integrity resonates at the heart of Gracie Barra Chandler, reflected in our steadfast commitment to honesty, fairness, and ethical conduct. As we foster an environment where righteousness is the norm, we’re not just building better martial artists but better individuals, who carry these values both on and off the mat.

 development

 At Gracie Barra, Chandler, we value development and embrace the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a path to personal growth and resilience. With tailored programs and continuous support, we see every individual’s journey as unique and deeply valued, making personal progression a way of life.

 take a

 look inside

 We know its hard to get a feel for the environment and culture without stepping inside our school, but here is a small window into the atmosphere at Gracie Barra Chandler!

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 -

 meet the

 Professors

 Professor
 Paulo Eduardo "Piu"
 4th Degree Black Belt
 Learn More

 Professor
 Lucas Castro "Lukinha"
 Black Belt

 Learn More

 CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Megan H
 No words! This place exceeded my expectations and experience. They truly hold their values, standards and passion to a new level. Thank you to Alex and her team for making this event one to remember. We will absolutely be back!!

 Sean Banner
 I train at gracie barra awhtuckee. Gracie barra chandler is the sister school. The professors are brothers so we are connected with each other when it comes to training. Both schools are awesome. All the professors at gb chandler are high level. All have competed in major competitions. Kids class are great as well. Adult classes are great for beginners to get introduced to the move movements and techniques before you are ready to start sparring. I high recommend taking a class. First class is always free.

 Nichole Davis
 When we lived in gilbert about 4 years ago, all my kids were enrolled at this location. Professor Paulo was so wonderful. A natural ability to teach kids and so patient. The facility was always VERY clean. I have been searching for anything similar in Utah since our move and there is NOTHING like this place that I have ever been able to find. Typically the teachers can be too harsh/aggressive verbally with the kids, the places are not very clean and the classes are PACKED. If your debating enrolling your kids at this location, PLEASE DONT. It does not get better than Chandler Gracie Barra with professor Paulo.

 Brian B.
 This is one of the best gyms I have ever trained in. Professor Piu, and coaches are super personable, knowledgeable, and technical. You’re also not just another number in the gym. You’re greeted by name. The friendliness and respect is the general culture of the gym. Upper belts aren’t there to smash newer students, but are quick to teach and help develop proper technique.
 This is also a great gym for children. My 6-year-old son loves it, and continually looks forward to his next class.
 I highly recommend this gym.

 Anthony
 Gracie Barra changed my life! Everyone here treats you like family and you will make friends on the Mats very fast. The coaches and the professor are amazing, genuine people. You will improve very fast if you are dedicated to the sport and you love to learn. I have been going here for 8 months and I have never been a part of a family like this and my Jiu jitsu has improved a lot. Amazing school, highly recommend.

 Jessica D
 Our daughter has been here for almost three months now (she’s 5 years old). I cannot truly express how amazing this class is for her self-esteem and for our piece of mind. I have to admit I was slightly nervous sending my daughter into a ju jitsu class, but the confidence and skill she has gained in just that short time has made me realize she is so much more capable than I thought. After having paid for so many other sports in the past I can tell you no one has yet to surpass the amazing professor and coaches she had here at Gracie Barra. We are forever grateful for the work they’ve put in to teach our daughter.

 Matt B
 Brought my 7 yr old to a class to see if she would like it. She got very scared and nervous despite her original excitement for it.
 The professor spent 5 min during class to ease her concerns and got her on the mat, then a second professor spent another 20 min during class talking to her and helping her understand and trust the situation.
 Long story short, their care and time they took to help her feel comfortable will not be something that I will forget.
 I don’t think I’ve ever seen a business be that caring to a child in my life. Saturdays are roll with parents day and she is very excited for it…

 Read Our Blog
