---
source_url: https://www.ghbrownsville.com/the-academy
final_url: https://ghbrownsville.com/the-academy/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:26.279Z
---

### Learn About our Academy

 # We Are Happy To Guide You

 ## We Love To Help New Students.

 From white belts to black belts we are here to help. Our school was the FIRST school in the Rio Grande Valley to teach jiu-jitsu, going on 19 years now. Being the oldest has some advantages. We have the Most Experienced, Most Knowledgeable and Most Advanced Instructors. When other school just have purple and brown belts teaching, Our classes are only lead by Certified BLACK BELTS, and each class we have multiple black belts Leading, Helping or Attending.

 ### Tailormade Just For You

 ## We Provide Specific Training for Beginners

 Classes are separated by levels, and we make sure our curriculums have a steady direction to help our students.

 ## Great School.

 ## Amazing People.

 ## Real Self Defense.

 book a class today

 ## What Gracie Humaita Brownsville Can Offer You

 Everything about our school is designed from the ground up to help you reach the highest levels of Gracie Jiu-jitsu.

 ### Experienced Instructors All Classes Lead by Certified Black Belts.

 ### Real Self Defense Following the Original Gracie Jiu-jitsu Self Defense Curriculum.

 ### Clean Facility Branded "The Cleanest school in Brownsville" Cleaned and Dissinfected daily.

 ### Family Environment Clean and Friendly environment suitable for the whole family.

 ### Group Classes Specific Classes for Specific Levels

 ### Private Lessons Get Ahead of the game with one on one training!

 ### Competition Training Ready to test yourself. Come in to our competition training and see where your at!

 ## Are

 ## You

 ## Ready?

 book a class today
