---
source_url: http://www.lakeviewmartialarts.com
final_url: https://sites.google.com/view/lakeview-martial-arts/home
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:03.426Z
---

Skip to main content
 Skip to navigation

 ## # Welcome to Lakeview Martial Arts Academy ## ### Taught in traditional ways, students work on strengthening their body, mind as well as their spirit. ### For over 30 years Master Sung Chung has taught hundreds of students to be strong, confident, and have integrity. ### Our practice focuses on traditional Korean disciples of Tae Kwon Do and Kuk Sul Won.

 Reserve Time to Attend Class

 ### Physical and mental health. ### Confidence and self-control. ### Well being and inner peace.

 Free Trial

 # Martial Arts

 Martial Arts require a combination of speed, flexibility, and physical strength. Martial Arts combine mental focus with physical toughness, which can push the body to do some incredible things. Most importantly they give you abilities and confidence to protect yourself, your family, and your community.

 Practitioners of Martial Arts are often able to lose themselves in the discipline and the forms and with enough practice they achieve a state of "flow", where the life's daily minutia and even the passing of time itself become imperceptible.

 ### Lakeview Martial Arts Experience:

 ###

 IMG_8982.MOV

 ### Reserve Time to Attend Class

 November 16 - November 22

 November 23 - November 29

 November 30 - December 6

 ### We'd Like to Hear from You

 All classes are available via Zoom# 606 178 2234

 ### Lakeview Martial Arts Academy ### 1614 Deerfield Rd, Highland Park, IL ### (847) 831-4080 ### lvmartialarts@gmail.com |

 Google Sites

 Report abuse

 Google Sites

 Report abuse
