---
source_url: http://www.roninbrazilianjiujitsu.com
final_url: http://www.roninbrazilianjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:55.319Z
---

- Home - Coaches - Contact Us - Schedule - About Us - Kids - Kick Boxing & Muay Thai

 RONIN BJJ

 Using your mobile divice Click here for direct and private chat with the Ronin Academy Message Us Now

 ### ​​​​​​FREE CLASS TRial OR PRIVATE LESSON! CALL ANYTIME 203 915 8936 WALK-INS WELCOME

 BJJ New Haven

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu New Haven

 MMA New Haven

 Boxing New Haven

 Muay Thai New Haven

 Martial Arts New Haven

 BJJ New Haven CT
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu New Haven CT
 MMA New Haven CT
 Boxing New Haven CT
 Muay Thai New Haven CT
 Martial Arts New Haven CT

 BJJ New Haven CT 06510
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu New Haven CT 06510
 MMA New Haven CT 06510
 Boxing New Haven CT 06510
 Muay Thai New Haven CT 06510
 Martial Arts New Haven CT 06510Type your paragraph here.

 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in New Haven

 Ronin BJJ also offers the very best in Personal Training. Click link below for info aND ONE FREE SESSION!

 Join Ronin BJJ and become part of the Kore Bushido/American top team CT affiliation

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Self Defense, MMA, Boxing, & Muay Thai Academy

 1175 State St (unit 215) New Haven, cT 06511

 ## CLASS SCHEDULE Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, MMA, and Strength & Conditioning

 Click to enlarge.

 #### Ronin BJJ is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy Located in Heart of Downtown New Haven CT that specializes in blending traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with other grappling arts such as Submission Wrestling(No GI), Western Scholastic Wrestling, Judo and Sambo. We support a team atmosphere and create a comfortable learning experience for all ability levels from beginner to expert

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an art based in ground fighting. Along with this, it teaches takedowns, takedown defense, ground control, and especially submissions. Submissions refer to holds that either cut off an opponent’s air supply (chokes) or look to take advantage of a joint (such as armbars).

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu fighters tend to feel very comfortable fighting from a position called the guard, if need be. The guard postion in essence, wrapping one's legs around an opponent to limit their movement is what allows them to fight from their backs so effectively, and is also something that separates their art from most other grappling styles.

 ABOUT US

 ## OUR COACHES IBJJF Black Belt Recognized Coaches. Learn about our coaches and training Philosophy

 ## OUR Facilities 3000 Square Foot Martial arts center including a full Strength & Conditioning Studio as well as shower facilities

 View on Mobile
