---
source_url: https://www.sonoranbjj.com/schedule
final_url: https://www.sonoranbjj.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:12.991Z
---

# SCHEDULE

 # CLASSTYPES

 - Fundamentals Students learn fundamental concepts and techniques through drilling and a more in-depth question-and-answer session. The methods will be derived from our weekly/bi-weekly position, followed by positional sparring at the end of class. - All Levels Students will learn the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, from fundamental concepts to advanced techniques based on a weekly/bi-weekly position followed by heavy sparring. - Advanced Class The advanced class is designed for Sonoran’s competition team. The course will prepare you for all competition levels and serve as a training camp with higher conditioning and attention to competition play. If you are a blue belt and above, you are welcome to attend without preparing directly for a tournament. White belts must have the coaches’ permission before attending the class. - Open mat Open mat is open for drilling, sparring, or question and answer. You are free to train in no-gi or gi. - Yoga Pranayama and Yin Yoga with Ermes Natale. Students focus on using Yoga as a recovery method for grappling. There are no Yoga classes on the following dates: 2/5/23, 3/5/23, 4/16/23, 5/21/23, 7/16/23, 7/23/23, and 8/27/23. - Kids Fundamental focused training with situational sparring and games for kids 7-12 yr old only.

 ### Take A free Class

 We’re confident you’ll love being a part of our community. Come on in and see for yourself with a free trial!

 Sign up now
 Sign up now

 # DailyClasses

 - MON 10 amALL LEVELS GI4:15 pmKIDS GI5:15 pmFUNDAMENTAL GI6:15 pmALL LEVELS GI - TUE 4:15 pm KIDS NO-GI5:15 pmFUNDAMENTAL NO-GI6:15 pmTen Round Tuesday - WED 10 amALL LEVELS NO-GI4:15 pm KIDS GI5:15 pmFUNDAMENTAL GI6:15 pmALL LEVELS GI - THUR 4:15 pm KIDS NO-GI5:15 pmFUNDAMENTAL NO-GI6:15 pmALL LEVELS NO-GI - FRI 10 amALL LEVELS NO-Gi6pm Women’s gi - SAT 10 amOpen Mat3pm FREE Intro to Jiu Jitsu (First Saturday of every Month) - SUN 10 amPranayama and Yin Yoga6 pmWomen’s nogi class
