---
source_url: https://www.sonoranbjj.com/kids
final_url: https://www.sonoranbjj.com/kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:13.453Z
---

# KidsJiu Jitsu

 Free Trial
 Free Trial

 ### Kids who practice jiu jitsu will..

 - Learn self defense and how to deal with bullies - Become resilient to challenges and failures - Improve their fitness and coordination
 - Socialize and make new friends - Improve their self confidence - Value respect and discipline - Develop a strong work ethic

 # HEAD KIDS INSTRUCTOR

 #### Gaby Bowman

 READ BIO
 READ BIO

 # IMPORTANT
 # INFO & FAQ

 - What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and how does it compare to other martial arts? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a form of submission grappling. The term Brazilian indicates a style brought to the United States by the Gracie family in the 1990s. The term jiu-jitsu has been around for over 1,000 years. It is important to note that there is no striking in BJJ. - What are the children’s age groups for training at Sonoran? We have a strict age policy. Currently, we are accepting children aged 7-12 years old. However, we will take smaller teenagers into our kid’s program. Most teenagers will end up in our Fundamentals program, depending on the size. If you have any questions about placement, please do not hesitate to contact us through our contact form. - Who teaches the kid’s classes? Our lead instructor for our kid’s program is Cody Riggs. Cody is versed in children’s safety in the sport of jiu-jitsu. You can read more about him full bio on the About page. - How much is tuition, and how many times a week can we train? Tuition for kids’ classes is $95 a month for unlimited training. We offer discounts for siblings who train. - What are the days and times of training? Children’s classes areMonday through Friday 4:15 pm – 5:00 pm. - How is a kid’s jiu-jitsu class structured? The class will begin with warm-ups specific to jiu-jitsu, a technique portion including demonstration and practice, and then positional/live sparring or a jiu-jitsu-specific game. - How are kids graded? Kids receive promotions according to IBJJF standards. For further reference, see the IBJJF promotion standards.We use the quarterly graduation system.

 Register For A Free Class
 Register For A Free Class
