---
source_url: https://www.alivemma.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.alivemma.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:54.022Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Instructors: Bill

 Ready to dominate your opponents on the mat? Our BJJ program emphasizes the importance of position and control, helping you develop the skills necessary to control and dominate your opponents on the ground. With a focus on takedowns, positional transitions, and submissions, our program is designed to help you maintain dominant positions and set up submissions.
 Our experienced instructors will guide you through each class, teaching you how to properly execute takedowns, submissions, and positional transitions. Our emphasis is on developing a strong foundation in position and control, allowing you to effectively maintain dominant positions on your opponents and set up submissions.
 Our BJJ program is suitable for all skill levels, from beginners to experienced competitors. Whether you're looking to compete in BJJ or just looking for a fun and challenging workout, our program will help you develop your skills and achieve your goals.
 In addition to learning valuable self-defense skills, our BJJ classes provide a full-body workout that will help you improve your cardiovascular fitness, strength, and endurance. We also emphasize the importance of mental toughness and discipline, helping you to develop the focus and resilience necessary to succeed in BJJ and in life.
 At our gym, we prioritize safety and make sure that all participants are supervised and supported at all times. We also foster a positive and inclusive environment, where individuals of all backgrounds and abilities can feel comfortable and supported.
 Join us today and discover the benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!

 5484 SE International Way, Milwaukie, OR 97222 +1 (503) 740-3004 info@alivemma.com
 SCHEDULE Meet The Team programs contact
 MMA Muay ThaI Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BOXING Kids CLASSES
