---
source_url: https://www.alivemma.com/classes/kids-classes
final_url: https://www.alivemma.com/classes/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:54.104Z
---

## Kids Classes #### Instructors: Bill

 Looking for a fun and engaging way to teach your child the fundamentals of self-defense while also improving their fitness and self-confidence? Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) program is the perfect choice! Designed to teach children the fundamentals of this popular martial art in a safe and supportive environment, our program emphasizes respect, discipline, and sportsmanship. So come join us, and give your child the gift of self-defense skills, improved fitness, and a lifetime of healthy habits!
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a grappling-based martial art that emphasizes technique over strength. Our classes focus on teaching children how to use leverage and technique to overcome larger opponents, making it an excellent self-defense tool.
 Our kids BJJ program is suitable for children of all ages and skill levels. We offer a safe and supportive environment where children can learn and practice BJJ techniques, including takedowns, ground fighting, and submission holds.
 Our experienced instructors are skilled in working with children and will help your child develop their skills while also fostering important values such as respect, discipline, and self-confidence.
 In addition to being a great self-defense tool, BJJ is also an excellent way for children to improve their fitness. Our classes provide a full-body workout that will help your child develop strength, flexibility, and endurance.
 At our gym, we prioritize safety and make sure that all children are supervised and supported at all times. We also emphasize the importance of sportsmanship and respect for others, creating a positive and inclusive environment for all.
 Whether your child is interested in learning a new martial art or just looking for a fun and challenging workout, our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is the perfect choice. Join us today and give your child the gift of self-defense skills, improved fitness, and a lifetime of healthy habits.

 5484 SE International Way, Milwaukie, OR 97222 +1 (503) 740-3004 info@alivemma.com
 SCHEDULE Meet The Team programs contact
 MMA Muay ThaI Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BOXING Kids CLASSES
