---
source_url: http://www.adonaibjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://adonaibjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:18.028Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in the Triad ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Adonai Martial Arts. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in the Triad Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in the Triad! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Kernersville will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Adonai Martial Arts Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Discover Your Greatness with Adonai Martial Arts Request information

 Our 4 year old was being bullied so we signed him up for jiu jitsu under coach Rafa. Since then he has learned to stand up for himself, discipline, dedication, and patience. He’s as confident as ever and has made new friends. We felt like part of the family the moment we walked through the door. We can’t recommend Adonai or the coaches enough!

 This is the third gym my 10 yo has trained at in as many years, & it’s far & away the best. The instructors are absolutely incredible with the kids, very firm but warm & caring. I’m so impressed with their teaching skills. You really get your money’s worth bc it’s 4x per week. It’s such a great family atmosphere. I love that they have an adult class simultaneously, so parents can train too. Also lots of women train here, which I think really speaks to the welcoming atmosphere. So glad we found this gym.

 Having been interested in trying BJJ for years, I was thrilled when Adonai opened in Kernersville. What I didn’t expect was the overwhelming sense of belonging I experience. Everyone is there to get better. We’re all rowing in the same direction. Whether you are looking to learn BJJ for self-defense, to challenge yourself physically and mentally, or to learn the art of BJJ, Adonai Martial Arts School is the place for you. If you’ve ever been part of a gym community where friendships come naturally, the culture feels welcoming, and leadership is purposeful—only to later realize how special it was—then I encourage you to join Adonai. This gym’s culture is an incredible blend of high caliber BJJ instruction, genuine encouragement and a family first atmosphere. The love for God, BJJ and the members shines through in every aspect of this school. The kid’s classes are always fun, instructive and strike a good balance between disciplined and engaging. I’ve watched several kids grow dramatically in their abilities and friendships. The coaches are dedicated, patient and fair, without taking themselves too seriously. The adult classes are never stale. The leadership does a great job incorporating the right amount of variety in technique, drilling and practice rolls to keep you coming back for another class. I’m extremely thankful for this gym. Came for the BJJ, stayed for the community.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
