---
source_url: http://www.adonaibjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://adonaibjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:18.717Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in the Triad ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Adonai Martial Arts. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Help Your Child Build Confidence And Strength In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Prepare your child for any challenge life throws their way with our Kids Martial Arts Classes in the Triad. Focusing specifically on the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, these traditional Gi classes build students of all ages up through positive reinforcement and exciting classes that are always changing.
 At Adonai Martial Arts, we are committed to helping children of all backgrounds and abilities learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do.
 Get more information now!

 #### Your Child Can Master Every Aspect Of BJJ In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches students to overcome an opponent's size and strength by establishing superior technique and leverage.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Kernersville will teach your child all the basics of BJJ in a safe and secure environment, helping them progress through the system with a series of accomplishments and celebrations.
 Your child will quickly learn how to face down a bully with effective conflict resolution strategies - avoiding physical interactions at all costs. But when it's unavoidable, your child will also be prepared to defend themselves and their friends.
 In our exciting Kids Martial Arts classes, we help children build:
 - Strength and coordination - Improved athleticism - Speed, agility, and flexibility - Complete confidence in themselves and their skillset
 #### PLUS Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Kernersville Offer Life Skills That Will Serve Your Child For Years To Come Whether your child goes on to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a professional athlete, they'll need a core set of character traits to serve them along the way. At Adonai Martial Arts, we're making those skills easier and more exciting to learn than ever.
 Our Kids Martial Arts instructors are dedicated to making each and every class fun, keeping our students motivated from start to finish. And with the help of fundamental BJJ instruction, we help children take pride in the learning process and find the strategies that work best for them.
 In no time, your child can develop:
 - Respect for others - Communication and teamwork skills - Focus and attention to detail - Perseverance and determination - And an unwavering sense of accomplishment
 #### Get Started Today Or Learn More About The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Kernersville Don't let your child struggle to find their footing. At Adonai Martial Arts, we are here to help students of all ages and abilities take pride in what they do and develop vital self-defense skill along the way. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are helping young students develop all the tools they need to succeed. Your child could be next.
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes, all you have to do is fill out the short form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Discover Your Greatness with Adonai Martial Arts Request information

 Our 4 year old was being bullied so we signed him up for jiu jitsu under coach Rafa. Since then he has learned to stand up for himself, discipline, dedication, and patience. He’s as confident as ever and has made new friends. We felt like part of the family the moment we walked through the door. We can’t recommend Adonai or the coaches enough!

 This is the third gym my 10 yo has trained at in as many years, & it’s far & away the best. The instructors are absolutely incredible with the kids, very firm but warm & caring. I’m so impressed with their teaching skills. You really get your money’s worth bc it’s 4x per week. It’s such a great family atmosphere. I love that they have an adult class simultaneously, so parents can train too. Also lots of women train here, which I think really speaks to the welcoming atmosphere. So glad we found this gym.

 Having been interested in trying BJJ for years, I was thrilled when Adonai opened in Kernersville. What I didn’t expect was the overwhelming sense of belonging I experience. Everyone is there to get better. We’re all rowing in the same direction. Whether you are looking to learn BJJ for self-defense, to challenge yourself physically and mentally, or to learn the art of BJJ, Adonai Martial Arts School is the place for you. If you’ve ever been part of a gym community where friendships come naturally, the culture feels welcoming, and leadership is purposeful—only to later realize how special it was—then I encourage you to join Adonai. This gym’s culture is an incredible blend of high caliber BJJ instruction, genuine encouragement and a family first atmosphere. The love for God, BJJ and the members shines through in every aspect of this school. The kid’s classes are always fun, instructive and strike a good balance between disciplined and engaging. I’ve watched several kids grow dramatically in their abilities and friendships. The coaches are dedicated, patient and fair, without taking themselves too seriously. The adult classes are never stale. The leadership does a great job incorporating the right amount of variety in technique, drilling and practice rolls to keep you coming back for another class. I’m extremely thankful for this gym. Came for the BJJ, stayed for the community.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
