---
source_url: http://www.adonaibjj.com/services/Private-Jiu-Jitsu-Training
final_url: https://adonaibjj.com/services/Private-Jiu-Jitsu-Training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:19.067Z
---

# Private Jiu Jitsu Training in the Triad ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Adonai Martial Arts. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get the Best Private Jiu Jitsu Training Our instructors at Adonai Martial Arts want to make sure you experience lasting success, whatever that means for you. Whether your goal is to slim down and lose weight, boost your overall fitness , or to master new Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques and prepare for competition , we can help you achieve your goals.
 Private Training gives individuals from across the Triad the opportunity to train one-on-one with our team, get access to personalized coaching designed to meet your goals, and truly get a specially-tailored workout. Don't let inexperience or a lack of direction stand in the way of making your dreams happen -- we're proud to give you the professional guidance you need to experience genuine success.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about Private Training!
 Get more information now!
 #### How Can Private Training Help You? Our Private Training will give you the chance to get personalized coaching from professional martial artists. We can help you sharpen your mind , hone your body , and get the results you want . No matter whether your goal is to lose weight, to build muscle, to become more flexible and athletic, or to bump yourself up to the next belt, our team is happy to work with you to help you achieve your dreams.
 Adonai Martial Arts is dedicated to the success of each and every one of our members, whether they come to us from Kernersville or elsewhere. With our Private Training, you can take your Jiu Jitsu skills to the next level!
 ##### Join us for Private Training and enjoy: - Workouts & Jiu Jitsu coaching personalized for your individual goals - Unlimited support & accountability from our expert team - The motivation and drive that comes with one-on-one training - Real results driven by custom workouts & nutrition strategies
 Our team at Adonai Martial Arts will give you access to high-level fitness training and help you earn your black belt , win gold medals at the competition level, or simply get the level of focus and personalization in your training that you deserve. Join us in Kernersville and see for yourself how Private Training can make a huge difference in your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu skills!
 #### Enroll in Kernersville's Premier Private Training Program Today! Our team at Adonai Martial Arts is proud to help people from around Kernersville achieve their goals through curated Private Training. No matter your age, ability, or fitness level, we can use Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a platform to help your achieve your goals! We can prepare you for your competition and upgrade your fitness
 Just fill out the short form below to get started!
 Get more information now!

 ## Discover Your Greatness with Adonai Martial Arts Request information

 Our 4 year old was being bullied so we signed him up for jiu jitsu under coach Rafa. Since then he has learned to stand up for himself, discipline, dedication, and patience. He’s as confident as ever and has made new friends. We felt like part of the family the moment we walked through the door. We can’t recommend Adonai or the coaches enough!

 This is the third gym my 10 yo has trained at in as many years, & it’s far & away the best. The instructors are absolutely incredible with the kids, very firm but warm & caring. I’m so impressed with their teaching skills. You really get your money’s worth bc it’s 4x per week. It’s such a great family atmosphere. I love that they have an adult class simultaneously, so parents can train too. Also lots of women train here, which I think really speaks to the welcoming atmosphere. So glad we found this gym.

 Having been interested in trying BJJ for years, I was thrilled when Adonai opened in Kernersville. What I didn’t expect was the overwhelming sense of belonging I experience. Everyone is there to get better. We’re all rowing in the same direction. Whether you are looking to learn BJJ for self-defense, to challenge yourself physically and mentally, or to learn the art of BJJ, Adonai Martial Arts School is the place for you. If you’ve ever been part of a gym community where friendships come naturally, the culture feels welcoming, and leadership is purposeful—only to later realize how special it was—then I encourage you to join Adonai. This gym’s culture is an incredible blend of high caliber BJJ instruction, genuine encouragement and a family first atmosphere. The love for God, BJJ and the members shines through in every aspect of this school. The kid’s classes are always fun, instructive and strike a good balance between disciplined and engaging. I’ve watched several kids grow dramatically in their abilities and friendships. The coaches are dedicated, patient and fair, without taking themselves too seriously. The adult classes are never stale. The leadership does a great job incorporating the right amount of variety in technique, drilling and practice rolls to keep you coming back for another class. I’m extremely thankful for this gym. Came for the BJJ, stayed for the community.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
