---
source_url: https://claudiofrancabjjsanjose.com/memberships/
final_url: https://claudiofrancabjjsanjose.com/memberships/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:34.830Z
---

# Memberships & Special Offers Do you qualify for a discount at Claudio França BJJ- San Jose? If you are a student, military, or a first responder, you are in line for a 10% discount at Claudio França BJJ- San Jose!

 #### Flexible Options for Every Student ### Sign Up for Your Membership Today!

 #### Family Memberships Training together builds stronger bonds, and at Claudio França BJJ- San Jose, we encourage families to take this journey side by side. Our family membership plans offer discounted rates for multiple family members, making it easier for parents and kids to train together. Whether you’re looking to stay active as a family, support your child’s growth, or share a common passion, our family memberships provide the perfect opportunity to train, grow, and bond together.
 ###### Please sign up the primary member only for this account. Then visit the front desk to add each additional member
 Join Now
 ##### Family Memberships ×

 #### Individual Memberships For those looking to focus on personal growth and skill development, our individual memberships provide flexible options based on your goals. Whether you’re new to Jiu Jitsu or a seasoned practitioner, we offer different membership tiers to match your experience level and training frequency. Train as often as you like, set your own pace, and immerse yourself in our supportive and disciplined environment.
 ####
 Join Now
 ##### Membership Registration ×

 #### Membership Add-Ons Want to get even more from your training? Our membership add-ons allow you to customize your experience. Add extra classes, enroll in our Train Hard Center for additional strength and conditioning training, or take advantage of private lessons to refine your technique. We provide options that help you maximize your potential and take your skills to the next level.

 Join Now
 ##### Add-On Memberships ×

 ### Class Schedule Explore our class schedule to find the perfect time to train at Claudio França BJJ – San Jose.

 View Schedule

 #### Want to Learn More? ### Get Started at Claudio França BJJ – San Jose
 Ready to begin your Jiu Jitsu journey? Our team is here to help you find the right class and membership that suits your needs. Whether you’re a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, we have a program for you. Come train with us and experience the benefits of Jiu Jitsu—discipline, confidence, and a strong community.

 ## Contact Us! Claudio França BJJ- San Jose welcomes those in San Jose and the surrounding areas, including but not limited to, Los Gatos, Campbell, Willow Glen and Almaden. We are located in the Cambrian Park Plaza near Camden and Union!

 (408) 377-8577

 14800 Camden Ave. San Jose, CA 95124
