---
source_url: http://southtampajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://southtampajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:54.995Z
---

- HOME - ABOUT US - MEET THE TEAM - PROGRAMSTINY NINJASKIDSTEENSADULT GI/NO-GI JIU-JITSUADULT MUAY THAIBIRTHDAY PARTIES - SCHEDULE - GALLERY - CONTACT US - SUMMER CAMP - SHOP

 ## THE #1 MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY IN SOUTH TAMPA

 # SOUTH TAMPA JIU-JITSU & MMA

 ## Join South Tampas Most Respected BJJ & MMA Academy ## Build Real Confidence On and Off the Mats

 ## Limited Time Offer: Claim Your FREE Intro Class and Discover Why Hundreds of Parents and Adults Trust South Tampa Jiu-Jitsu & MMA to Transform Their Lives.

 TRY A FREE JIU-JITSU CLASS

 CLICK HERE TO BOOK

 ## Welcome to South Tampa Jiu-Jitsu & MMA

 ## South Tampa Jiu Jitsu & MMA is built on camaraderie and hard work. We welcome martial artists of all experience levels and ages to train with us. By instilling perseverance, martial arts becomes a tool for personal improvement in all aspects of life. ## Learning Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, or Kickboxing can be challenging, but our students learn to overcome and adapt while growing as individuals. If you’re looking for an incredible culture and top-quality BJJ in South Tampa, FL, we will help you achieve your goals.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES ## 6 DAYS PER WEEK

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ## ADULT JIU-JITSU

 LEARN MORE

 ## ADULT MUAY THAI

 LEARN MORE

 ## TEENS PROGRAM

 LEARN MORE

 ## KIDS PROGRAM

 LEARN MORE

 ## TINY NINJAS

 LEARN MORE

 ## BIRTHDAY PARTIES

 LEARN MORE

 ## SUMMER CAMP

 LEARN MORE

 ## BUILD YOUR CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES

 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE!

 Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the Academy and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.

 ## GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS

 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH

 Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!

 ## Real Student Testimonials

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 This is an exceptional gym. Immaculate facilities and state-of-the-art training equipment, showcase their commitment to quality. The instructors are world-class - patient, knowledgeable, and adept at teaching all skill levels. The supportive community here is unparalleled; everyone is friendly and eager to help. Flexible class schedules, including early morning and evening sessions, accommodate busy lifestyles. Specialized classes like competition prep and women's only sessions add great value. Whether you're aiming for fitness, self-defense, or competition, this gym delivers. It's more than just training; it's a transformative experience. Highly recommended for anyone serious about martial arts!
 Read more
 Victor

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 South Tampa Jiu Jitsu is a great and welcoming place to train for both adults and children. My daughter and I have been training there for 2+ years and it just keeps getting better. Lane, John and the other instructors are top notch and have created a tight knit community where it is a joy to learn. Highly recommended for anyone looking to give Jiu Jitsu or MMA a try. 🙏1
 Read more
 Nicolaos Kydes

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Incredible gym. I dropped in for a few classes as I passed through town and instantly felt at home. I have trained at dozens of schools and I highly recommend this school.
 Read more
 Joshua Lindstrom

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 My son loves this place! The instructors teach the skills well but also are very positive! This is a wonderful place for kids to start learning jiu jitsu.
 Read more
 Jane Sando

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 This is an incredible martial arts studio that is incredibly warm and family friendly. My whole family trains here and we couldn’t be happier.
 Read more
 Gary Granger

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I have been a member of South Tampa Jiu-Jitsu for around 7 years now. Lane, John and the entire community have treated me like family since day one. The entire staff is incredibly knowledgeable, detailed and patient with everyone who walks in the door. I could not recommend them any stronger as both professors and people.
 Read more
 Jon Orebaugh

 PHONE

 813-330-0591

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 ADDRESS

 4916 S Lois Ave, Tampa FL 33611

 ## Copyright South Tampa Jiu-Jitsu & MMA 2026. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
