---
source_url: http://kingdombjj.com
final_url: http://kingdombjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:29.868Z
---

### DISCOVER THE BEAUTY OF JIU JITSU ## Carlsbad martial arts for kids coming soon! We are committed to providing the best instruction in the cleanest most comfortable atmosphere available.

 ### DISCOVER THE BEAUTY OF JIU JITSU ## Carlsbad martial arts for kids coming soon! We are committed to providing the best instruction in the cleanest most comfortable atmosphere available.

 #### ARE YOU READY? ## Jiu Jitsu Classes For All! We are happy to offer pricing and class packages that make jiu jitsu, bully proofing, self defense, MMA, and submission grappling accessible to as many people as possible without sacrificing the quality of facilities or instruction.

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BJJ is a sport, full body workout, and most importantly a self defense system that has proven itself as the most practical and effective in the world.

 ### Kids Martial Arts Our Kids program teaches fundamental techniques and self defense skills that will give your child the skills and confidence to face life's challenges with the highest level of confidence.

 ### NoGi Submission Grappling If you are new to BJJ, Nogi or training without the Gi is a great place to start. As all techniques learned are also applicable to the Gi class, as well as many self defense situations.

 #### Site under construction... ## About Kingdom Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy #### Kingdom BJJ Academy wants to give everyone the opportunity to experience the awesomeness that is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. We think that once you try it, you will love it instantly. There are many different reasons people from all walks of life fall in love with BJJ. Whatever your reason, we are here to help you reach your personal goals, whatever they might be.
 Whether you're looking for kids martial arts, bully prevention, practical self defense, want to compete in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA, or nogi competition, or just want to have fun and get in shape, we have something for everyone in Carlsbad, NM.

 #### SITE UNDER CONSTRUCTION... ## About Kingdom Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy #### Kingdom BJJ Academy wants to give everyone the opportunity to experience the awesomeness that is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. We think that once you try it, you will love it instantly. There are many different reasons people from all walks of life fall in love with BJJ. Whatever is your reason, we are here to help you reach your personal goals, whatever they might be.
 Whether you're looking for kids bully prevention, practical self defense, want to compete in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA, or nogi competition, or just want to have fun and get in shape, we have something for everyone.
