---
source_url: http://www.honorrollbjj.com
final_url: https://www.honorrollbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:45.216Z
---

661-840-8705

 26541 GOLDEN VALLEY ROAD, SANTA CLARITA, CA

 - HOME - PROGRAMSBRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAMSKIDS PROGRAMHONOR CALL COMPETION TEAMOUR WORLD CHAMPIONS - ABOUT USABOUT OUR ACADEMYWHY CHOOSE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSUPROFESSOR BRUNO ANTUNESOUR COACHES AND STAFF - BJJ BLOGS - EVENTSTOURNAMENTSSEMINARSSUMMER - SCHEDULE - CONTACT US

 # HONOR ROLL BJJ ACADEMY

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids | Teens | Adults | Athletes

 - HOME - PROGRAMSBRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAMSKIDS PROGRAMHONOR CALL COMPETION TEAMOUR WORLD CHAMPIONS - ABOUT USABOUT OUR ACADEMYWHY CHOOSE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSUPROFESSOR BRUNO ANTUNESOUR COACHES AND STAFF - BJJ BLOGS - EVENTSTOURNAMENTSSEMINARSSUMMER - SCHEDULE - CONTACT US

 HONOR ROLL BJJ ACADEMY

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids | Teens | Adults | Athletes

 ## BEst martial arts In SANTA CLARITA, CA

 Get Started

 Welcome to Our Academy

 Training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can be a life-changing decision. Not only is it one of the most effective self-defense techniques you can learn, it instills a quiet confidence, teaches patience, and promotes a healthier lifestyle. Students of all ages quickly improve their stamina & flexibility, enjoy training with family and friends, and become part of a growing BJJ community that now extends around the globe.

 We offer training for all levels and goals: Anti-bullying, fitness, self-defense & competition. Stop by our academy to take a complimentary trial class

 ### Qualified Coaches

 Our coaches have years of experience in various types of fitness and sports.

 ### Individual Approach

 Every client of GYM has a personalized program of training and nutrition.

 Professor Bruno Antunes, Brazilian born 2nd degree Black Belt & Current World Competitor - on the mats with his students daily.

 Our Competition Team is currently ranked 4th (NoGi) & 11th (Gi) in the World, with over 22 IBJJF or SJJIF world titles and 275 medals since 2013.

 #### Testimonials

 “I’ve trained at several different BJJ schools here in the US and in Brazil. Honor Roll is one of the best ones I’ve been to. Bruno is a fantastic teacher and he stands for the true roots of Jiu Jitsu and traditional teaching.

 The guys are super nice and it’s a family oriented school. Most adults that practice have their own kids enrolled at the kid’s program, how cool is that?

 The facilities are also really good and the staff is welcoming and super nice.

 You have to check the school out if you’re serious about learning BJJ.”

 — Fabio Alves, Student & Judo Black Belt

 ###### ©Honor Roll Bjj Academy 2022. Privacy Policy
