---
source_url: https://carlsongraciemiami.com/programs
final_url: https://carlsongraciemiami.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:18.118Z
---

# SCHEDULE YOUR FIRST FREE CLASS AT NO RISK Schedule Now

 #### Kids Program #### Adults Program #### Teens Program
 Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program will change and enhance your child with a host of positive mental and physical skills that will help him/her in school, at home and in life. As your child will learn to succeed, you’ll see a new kind of discipline emerging. The kind that will positively affect all areas of his or her life. In our BJJ program you

 Show More
 Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program will change and enhance your child with a host of positive mental and physical skills that will help him/her in school, at home and in life. As your child will learn to succeed, you’ll see a new kind of discipline emerging. The kind that will positively affect all areas of his or her life. In our BJJ program you’ll notice your child developing an increased respect for him/herself and others. This transformation will help your child learn to face and handle difficult encounters at any given moment. Our exclusive BJJ program will build your child’s self esteem in a uniquely positive way.

 Show Less

 #### Teens Program #### Adults Program #### Teens Program
 Our teens program is specifically targeted to encourage, motivate and aid in critical thinking of a young adolescent. We instill the same principles of the kids program but add a little more technique and drive into our teens classes. Teens naturally face a difficult transition, going from a child to young adults, we aim to help them by e

 Show More
 Our teens program is specifically targeted to encourage, motivate and aid in critical thinking of a young adolescent. We instill the same principles of the kids program but add a little more technique and drive into our teens classes. Teens naturally face a difficult transition, going from a child to young adults, we aim to help them by empowering their minds and body.
 Teens are able to participate in the adults Open Mat every Saturday as a way to introduce them into the adults class.

 Show Less

 #### Adults Program #### Adults Program #### Women's Program
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, considered the gentle art, has a primary core focus on self defense. We have built a program that has worked for members for over 15 years in which anyone can submit an opponent with precise technique. Our program will guarantee to make you feel safe, encouraged, and build confidence in your own abilities.
 Jiu Jitsu i

 Show More
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, considered the gentle art, has a primary core focus on self defense. We have built a program that has worked for members for over 15 years in which anyone can submit an opponent with precise technique. Our program will guarantee to make you feel safe, encouraged, and build confidence in your own abilities.
 Jiu Jitsu is also an intense, aerobic and anaerobic workout that helps your fitness and health improve. It is a different workout to develop body coordination as well as personal awareness and self defense. The benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu goes above and beyond any other martial art due to its adaptability in the skills and techniques that you learn to take down any opponent of any size.

 Show Less

 #### Women's Program #### Teens & Adult Fitness Program #### Women's Program
 We focus on teaching how to manipulate an attacker by subduing him or her with effortless technical moves, preparing you for any scenario whether you're on your feet or on the ground. The curriculum is diverse, offering a variety of different techniques to equip ladies with the knowledge to protect themselves from an unexpected attack. Be

 Show More
 We focus on teaching how to manipulate an attacker by subduing him or her with effortless technical moves, preparing you for any scenario whether you're on your feet or on the ground. The curriculum is diverse, offering a variety of different techniques to equip ladies with the knowledge to protect themselves from an unexpected attack. Beyond the self-defense aspect, our program incorporates Variety Workouts that challenge and invigorate the body, coupled with the Stress Relief inherent in the focused physical activity of Jiu-Jitsu. Engaging in our sessions presents a dual benefit; the acquisition of self-defense skills and a structured outlet to alleviate the stresses of daily life. Through consistent training, participants not only become adept in Jiu-Jitsu but also experience enhanced physical fitness and mental clarity, fostering a sense of empowerment and well-being

 Show Less

 #### Teens & Adult Fitness Program #### Teens & Adult Fitness Program #### Teens & Adult Fitness Program
 Our Fitness program at Carlson Gracie Miami is meticulously designed to cater to a spectrum of fitness goals and levels, offering an invigorating blend of workouts that challenge and empower our members and athletes.
 The heart of our program lies in the amalgamation of strength training, conditioning training, and HIIT (High Intensity Int

 Show More
 Our Fitness program at Carlson Gracie Miami is meticulously designed to cater to a spectrum of fitness goals and levels, offering an invigorating blend of workouts that challenge and empower our members and athletes.
 The heart of our program lies in the amalgamation of strength training, conditioning training, and HIIT (High Intensity Interval Training), tailored to resonate with your individual pace and ability. Through a diverse array of exercises and training modalities, we aim to create a dynamic and stimulating environment that promotes muscle building, endurance enhancement, and cardiovascular health. Our seasoned instructors provide personalized guidance, ensuring that each training session propels you closer to your fitness objectives while fostering a sense of accomplishment and well-being. Whether you're a novice embarking on your fitness journey or an athlete seeking to elevate your performance, our Fitness program offers a robust and adaptable framework to explore, excel, and exceed your expectations.

 Show Less

 #### Private Classes #### Teens & Adult Fitness Program #### Teens & Adult Fitness Program
 Unlock your full potential with our exclusive private Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes. At [School Name], we understand that personalized attention is key to mastering the art, which is why we offer one-on-one sessions tailored to your individual needs and goals.
 Benefits of One-on-One Classes:
 - Personalized Training Plan: Receive a customized tr

 Show More
 Unlock your full potential with our exclusive private Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes. At [School Name], we understand that personalized attention is key to mastering the art, which is why we offer one-on-one sessions tailored to your individual needs and goals.
 Benefits of One-on-One Classes:
 - Personalized Training Plan: Receive a customized training program that focuses on your strengths, areas for improvement, and personal goals. Our instructors will create a plan that evolves with your progress. - Accelerated Learning: Progress faster with a curriculum designed specifically for you. Private classes allow for a more intensive and efficient learning experience, helping you achieve your goals quicker. - Flexible Scheduling: Enjoy the convenience of scheduling classes at times that suit your lifestyle. Whether you're an early riser or prefer evening sessions, we accommodate your busy schedule.

 Show Less

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
