---
source_url: https://carlsongraciemiami.com
final_url: https://carlsongraciemiami.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:18.185Z
---

# Carlson Gracie Miami - Strength Through Technique, Power Through Perseverance Carlson Gracie Miami - Strength Through Technique, Power Through Perseverance Carlson Gracie Miami - Strength Through Technique, Power Through Perseverance Carlson Gracie Miami - Strength Through Technique, Power Through Perseverance

 AUTHENTIC LINEAGE IN BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU MIAMI

 ORIGINAL ROOTS OF GRACIE BJJ MIAMI

 Start Your Journey Now!

 #### The Benefits of Jiu-Jitsu #### The Benefits of Jiu-Jitsu #### The Benefits of Jiu-Jitsu
 At Carlson Gracie Miami, we understand the profound impact that martial arts, particularly Brazilian jiu-jitsu in Miami, can have on individuals from all walks of life. For over 15 years, we have been committed to transforming lives, one person at a time, through our Gracie BJJ Miami programs. We aim to provide a safe, comfortable, and we

 Show More
 At Carlson Gracie Miami, we understand the profound impact that martial arts, particularly Brazilian jiu-jitsu in Miami, can have on individuals from all walks of life. For over 15 years, we have been committed to transforming lives, one person at a time, through our Gracie BJJ Miami programs. We aim to provide a safe, comfortable, and welcoming atmosphere for all students and their families in Castle Rock. Our team of four black belt instructors takes pride in fostering an environment where individuals can achieve, develop, and succeed in their personal goals, embracing the essence of Gracie jiu-jitsu in Miami.

 Show Less

 #### Our Classes #### The Benefits of Jiu-Jitsu #### The Benefits of Jiu-Jitsu
 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Miami is recognized as the most effective self-defense system available. It is specifically designed so that smaller individuals can defend themselves against larger or stronger aggressors without necessarily causing harm. Our diverse programs, rooted in the teachings of the Carlson Gracie Family, cater to all ages and sk

 Show More
 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Miami is recognized as the most effective self-defense system available. It is specifically designed so that smaller individuals can defend themselves against larger or stronger aggressors without necessarily causing harm. Our diverse programs, rooted in the teachings of the Carlson Gracie Family, cater to all ages and skill levels. With a focus on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Miami, we instill values such as compassion, truthfulness, loyalty, honor, courage, respect, and discipline in our students. This philosophy is the backbone of our academy and reflects the essence of Gracie BJJ Miami.

 Show Less

 #### Special Rates #### The Benefits of Jiu-Jitsu #### Special Rates
 Carlson Gracie Miami is a leading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy in Miami, Florida, providing exceptional training for adults, kids, and competitors at all levels. We pride ourselves on being one of the top choices for Gracie BJJ in Miami. Members can take advantage of our competitive month-to-month rates with no contracts required. When you

 Show More
 Carlson Gracie Miami is a leading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy in Miami, Florida, providing exceptional training for adults, kids, and competitors at all levels. We pride ourselves on being one of the top choices for Gracie BJJ in Miami. Members can take advantage of our competitive month-to-month rates with no contracts required. When you sign up, enjoy a free team GI, rash guard, and shorts. Come experience a free class and meet our Certified IBJJF Black Belt Professors at Miami Gracie Jiu Jitsu.

 Show Less
 Schedule your free class now!

 #### 2026 Summer Camp We’re excited to announce our
 2026 Jiu Jitsu Summer Camp
 Give your child an active, fun-filled summer where they’ll build confidence, learn Jiu Jitsu, and make great friends in a positive and structured environment.

 Camp Details:
 Dates: June 8th – August 7th
 Time: 8:30 AM – 3:30 PM

 Pricing:
 • Full Week: $175
 • Single Day: $55
 • Registration Fee: $70

 What Kids Can Expect:
 • Daily Jiu Jitsu training
 • Nerf wars, games &amp; team activities
 • Arts &amp; crafts
 • Movies and downtime
 • Outdoor activities &amp; water games on select days
 • Bounce house fun days

 To Register click link below.

 Register Now!

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 Facebook Instagram

 ## Contact Us

 #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Attach Files

 Attachments (0)

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person! Feel free to come on in anytime to talk to our Guest Services Coordinator and get more information about Brazilian jiu-jitsu in Miami, including our Gracie BJJ Miami programs and Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Miami classes.

 #### Carlson Gracie Miami 4033 Southwest 152nd Avenue, Miami, Florida 33185, United States
 305-386-4103 carlsongraciemiami@live.com

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
