---
source_url: https://www.mmainstitute.com
final_url: https://mmainstitute.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:06.024Z
---

Home mmainstitute_admin 2025-02-07T12:31:23+00:00 ## MMA Institute Mixed Martial Arts – Richmond, VA

 Welcome to Virginia’s largest Mixed Martial Arts school, serving Richmond and its surrounding areas.
 MMA Institute teaches Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Fighting, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai Kickboxing, Submission Wrestling/Grappling, Judo and more! Featuring the largest fight team of both professional and amateur fighters in the state, MMA Institute is a community of dedicated martial artists. Whether you are looking to get in shape, learn self defense, climb into the cage or just have fun, MMAI offers a variety of options to you. Come learn from the best!

 ## Programs
 Whether you’re a seasoned fighter or just trying to lose weight, we have a program you. Available for all ages.

 ## Classes
 Keep your training on track by plugging in to one of our many classes. AM & PM classes available to fit your schedule.

 ## Instructors
 World class instructors who will take the time to learn your goals and develop a plan to make sure you achieve them.

 ## Testimonials
 We have trained everyone from a UFC champion to a stay-at-home mom. See what they have to say.

 ## REAL WORLD RESULTS

 “All the MMA Institute instructors are very knowledgeable and always willing to help. Thanks to the combination of the classes I participate in, I was able to finish my first 10K in 57 minutes.”
 – Phil Evans, Richmond, VA

 “I’ve lost weight, improved my strength and endurance and improved the flexibility in my bad knee. Some people thought I was crazy to train with this intensity at age 50 but it’s the best thing I’ve ever done. The staff couldn’t be nicer and everyone is focused on improving and being a good partner and on top of all that the relatively new sport of Brazillian Jiu Jitsu is endlessly complex and fascinating.”
 – Ward Good, Richmond, VA

 “Every time you enter MMA Institute you will push yourself past all your possible expectations. The instructors and more advanced students are more than willing to help guide you on the path you have chosen. If you are a beginner, leave your ego at the door and choose to learn. The competition will come later. You will never forget your experience at MMA Institute.”
 – Dr. Mason Sheehan, Richmond, VA

 “I want to thank Rick McCoy and everyone working at MMA Institute for helping my brother and I lose weight and improve our health”
 – Todd and Scott Slaughter (lost over 100lbs each)

 Read More Testimonials

 ## HIGH PERFORMANCE PROGRAMS

 VIEW ALL PROGRAMS

 “ I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times ” BRUCE LEE • QUOTE OF THE DAY

 ## FREE Trial Flexible membership packages to suit all levels of training to help achieve your fitness goals

 JOIN US
