---
source_url: https://www.arroyograppling.com
final_url: https://arroyograppling.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:08.559Z
---

## Hey future fighter,

 # Jiu-jitsu for the real world

 Practical, well-rounded combat sports training that wins competitions and keeps you safe.

 Schedule my free class

 # Why combat sports?

 Here are some of the benefits our members tell us about:

 - Muscular strength and endurance - Stress and anxiety relief - Weight loss - Confidence and self-esteem boosts - Practical, useful self-defense skills

 Ronnie defended himself against two men who cornered him in downtown Iowa City using skills he learned at Arroyo Grappling.
 Hakim lost over 100 lbs in a little over a year and found a lifelong sport that he can genuinely enjoy and progress in.
 Ally won gold in seven jiu-jitsu tournaments during her first two years as a brand new white belt at Arroyo Grappling.

 ## What is Brazilian Jiu-jitsu?

 Brazilian Jiu-jitsu (BJJ) is a combat sport similar to wrestling that also uses joint locks and chokes to fully control an opponent.
 Jiu-jitsu’s emphasis on technique helps make it “the martial art where the little guy can win,” perfect for self-defense. It blends well with other disciplines like boxing and muay thai, making it a core aspect of mixed martial arts (MMA).
 We are different from other schools in that our grappling program also takes from judo, classic wrestling, sambo, and aikido to make sure that you can get an opponent to the ground in a real life scenario.

 # POPULAR OFFERINGS

 ## Adult Jiu-jitsu

 ## Kid's Jiu-jitsu

 ## Kid's Boxing

 ## Youth Kickboxing/MMA

 ## Located in the Sycamore Mall

 One short bus ride away from campus

 ## "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein

 The focus has always been on creating a welcoming, tight-knit community. Coach Danny is known for being the loudest in the room—bringing energy, enthusiasm, and a big smile to every class. He goes the extra mile to ensure each student fully understands every technique, not just the “how,” but the “why” behind it. After group demonstrations, he takes the time to evaluate each partner pair, offering personalized guidance to ensure everyone grasps and can perform the technique.
 Danny is also recognized for customizing lesson plans to fit individual student needs, going out of his way to assist those who need help with transportation, and raising funds for local charities like Shelter House and IC Compassion.
 Beyond class, Danny is dedicated to improving the gym environment by studying the neuroscience of learning , organizing local and affordable tournaments, and engaging with the community through social media to keep everyone connected and informed.

 ## HEAD COACH - Daniel Arroyo

 ## Qualifications

 - Two-time Midwest BJJ Champion - Over 15 years of experience in both gi and no-gi jiu-jitsu competition - Has trained and mentored several fighters through IBJJF Nationals - Trained across the country with top-tier professionals, including MMA legend Yves Edwards, MMA champion Elias Cepeda, Olympian Nefeli Papadakis, and world-renowned BJJ champions like Eddie Bravo and Robert Drysdale - Integrates a wide range of martial arts and combat sports, such as judo, sambo, striking, and wrestling, to ensure well-rounded grappling - Has been actively involved in boxing and kickboxing since childhood, actually going into the ring as an amateur boxer and kickboxer before his son was born.

 ## Read more about Coach Danny here!

 For Iowa City martial arts fighter, coaching offers salvation after rare heart diagnosis

 'Legacy is all we're going to leave behind,' colleague says.

 Affiliate of Foundation Chicago (under Zenith Jiu-jitsu)
 > 1st degree black belt Elias Cepeda
 > 4th degree black belt and multiple-time BJJ World Champion (ADCC and IBJJF) Robert Drysdale

 ## Sign up for your FREE trial class!
