---
source_url: http://kraken805.com
final_url: http://kraken805.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:15.090Z
---

## We empower the community through martial arts #### #### 484 Los Angeles Ave. #100 Moorpark, CA 93021 #### (Corner of spring and LA Ave) (805) 222-7948

 ## Join our program! Come in for a free trial class of your choice!
 We offer Taekwondo, Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Filipino Martial Arts, Wrestling, MMA, and kids classes. Ready to get started? Click the link below to join the best MMA community in Ventura county and Moorpark area.

 Register Today

 ## Interested in learning more? Give us your name and email address and we will send you all you need to know to become a member of Kraken Martial Arts Academy.

 Name
 Email Address
 tell me more

 ## KRAKEN COMBAT COMPETITION EVENT DATE: FEBRUARY 22, 2025 @4PM
 REGISTER BY: FEBRUARY 15, 2025
 REGISTER HERE:
 ## ## Check us out on Instagram!!! IG: MMA.KRAKEN805
 ## Class Schedule & Announcements Additional class updates on the gymdesk.com app & our daily Instagram story.
 NEW CLASSES COMING SOON!!!
 Womens’s Self Defense
 We will be introducing a women’s cardio self-defense class called the Kraken Queens! This Kraken exclusive class will consist of evasion tactics and techniques from the most effective battle tested martial arts. It is a mix of MMA, proper use of weapons and disarming, situational awareness/ evasion, along with a nice cardio work out. Come on in and ask for the details!
 WE HAVE YOGA!
 ## Upcoming Events: ###### See you on the mat! Lets get Kraken!!!! ######

 ## Kids 5 YEARS OLD to 17 YEARS OLD
 ###

 ## ADULTS 18+ YEARS AND OLDER
 ###

 ## ### ###

 ## ###

 ## Unlimited Class Packages From Beginner level to advanced, kid to Adult choose your UNLIMITED PACKAGE!

 ## Kids Unlimited 1 YEAR CONTRACT
 $ 150 / per month
 - $135 for one discipline + only $15 more for all disciplines! From beginner level to advanced prodigies, Kraken offers engaging classes bases on fitness and learning. -

 Join Today

 ## Adult Unlimited 1 YEAR CONTRACT
 $ 200 / per month
 - - $175 for one discipline + only $25 more for all disciplines! Whether you’re a hobbyist seeking to improve, or a competitor ready to take it to the next level, Coach Casey is ready to take you there.

 Join Today

 ## NO CONTRACT CHILD/ ADULT weekly RECURRING membership
 $ 60 / per week
 - - Sign up as a weekly member. Pay 1 week at a time. Come try it out! We guarantee you will be back for more.

 Join Today

 ## LIMITED TIME DEAL!!! From Beginner level to advanced, kid to Adult choose your UNLIMITED PACKAGE!

 ## Kids Unlimited 1 YEAR CONTRACT
 $ 135 / per month
 - - For a limited time sign up for the one discipline 1 year contract and get all other disciplines for free! ($15 off of regular $150 membership) From beginner level to advanced prodigies, Kraken offers engaging classes bases on fitness and learning. -

 Join Today

 ## Adult Unlimited 1 YEAR CONTRACT
 $ 175 / per month
 - For a limited time sign up for the one discipline 1 year contract and get all other disciplines for free! ($25 off of regular $200 membership) Whether you’re a hobbyist seeking to improve, or a competitor ready to take it to the next level, Coach Casey is ready to take you there.

 Join Today

 ## NO CONTRACT CHILD/ ADULT weekly RECURRING membership
 $ 60 / per week
 - - Sign up as a weekly member. Pay 1 week at a time. Come try it out! We guarantee you will be back for more.

 Join Today

 ## Once per Week Class Package From Beginner level to advanced, kid to Adult choose your membership

 ## Kids Unlimited 1 YEAR CONTRACT
 $ 120 / per month
 - Sign up TODAY for our one class a week membership and receive and additional day per week for free (total of 5 classes per month). - -

 Join Today

 ## Adult Unlimited 1 YEAR CONTRACT
 $ 150 / per month
 - Sign up TODAY for our one class a week membership and receive and additional day per week for free (total of 5 classes per month).

 Join Today

 ## NO CONTRACT CHILD/ ADULT weekly RECURRING membership
 $ 60 / per week
 - - Sign up as a weekly member. Pay 1 week at a time. Come try it out! We guarantee you will be back for more.

 Join Today

 ## DISCOUNTED PRICING AVAILABLE

 ## Kids Discounted Any class any time!
 $ 120 / per month
 - Pay the first two months in advance at $135 per month for a total of $270 today then get 10% off for the following four months with your 1 Year contract!

 Join Today

 ## Adult Discounted
 $ 150 / per month
 - Pay the first two months in advance at $175 per month for a total of $350 today then get 10% off for the following four months with your 1 Year contract!

 Join Today

 ## MAXIMUM VALUE! PAY FOR 1 YEAR AND SAVE $700!!!
 $ 1,500 / YEAR
 - Pay for 1 year adult membership and get a FREE Gi, FREE boxing gloves, and FREE T-Shirt! A total of $700 in savings!

 Join Today

 ## 1 WEEK TRIAL PASS Want to try it out?
 $ 49 / for 1 week
 - Want to give the classes a try? This is the link for your 1 week trial pass!

 Give us a try!

 ## Gi and Merch Battle in stytle
 Gi Store
 - All your battle needs to roll with the Kraken! - All merchandise by @Kristie_And_Co

 Come on in and see what's in stock!

 ## ONLINE WAIVER Fill yours out today!
 - Want to try out a class? Save some time and fill out your online waiver before coming in!

 Fill it out here

 ### UPCOMING EVENTS AND ANNOUNCMENTS! IN MOORPARK, CA
 HERE ARE SOME NEW AND EXCITING THINGS IN OUR COMMUNITY:

 ## meet the staff

 book a private session

 ### Casey CACCAM Lead Brazilian Jiu- Jitsu & MMA Instructor- Casey Caccam is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt under Renato Magno of Street Sports BJJ. Casey is very well rounded in multiple disciplines of martial arts. Casey started in 2003 training in no gi Brazilian jiu jitsu and mixed martial arts. He has competed in multiple no gi Brazilian jiu jitsu competitions as well mixed martial arts fights. Casey is also proficient in multiple disciplines of Martial Arts such as boxing, Muay thai, kick boxing, and wrestling which he has obtained throughout the 20 years of his martial arts training. He also has many years of teaching experience as an instructor from multiple gyms such as kids gloves boxing, watts MMA, and street sports Brazilian jiu jitsu Simi valley.

 book a private w/ Professor Casey

 ### Jenn Jenn is a seasoned martial artist with a brown belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and a black belt in Taekwondo, bringing over 28 years of experience across various disciplines, including Krav Maga, Boxing, and Muay Thai. With more than a decade of expertise in private security, she specializes in armed security, executive protection, and essential skills in de-escalation and conflict resolution. This unique blend of practical experience and martial arts knowledge makes her an exceptional instructor and a trusted expert in self-defense tactics specifically designed for women. She deeply understands that many women face trauma and recognizes the vital role of regaining self-confidence. Jenn passionately advocates for women learning Jiu-Jitsu, as it not only builds confidence and enhances situational awareness but also equips them with practical skills for real-world self-defense scenarios.
 Outside of her dedication to empowering women on the mat, Jenn cherishes time spent with her children, enjoys cooking for friends and family, and regularly hits the gym.

 book a private w/ Jenn

 ### Daniel Caccam Daniel has been training BJJ since the age of 5 years old. Combined with 3 years of high school wrestling, Daniel’s technique and knowledge are unmatched for his age. Daniel is great with kids and employs fun learning tactics to teach BJJ fundamentals.

 book a private w/ Daniel Caccam

 ### Master Erwin Grand Master Erwin Mosqueda began his training back at the old Doce Pares Headquarters in 1977. He’s had the distinction of having trained under legendary Grandmasters such as Felimon “Momoy” Canete, Ciriaco “Cacoy” Canete, and their elder brother Eulogio Canete who served as the organization’s president since its founding in 1932.

 book a private w/ Erwin Mosqueda
 These three legends together along with the two most talented sons of Eulogio namely Panfilo and Dionisio “Diony” Canete were the source of his knowledge and skill. Grandmaster Diony much later guided him to a higher level in the understanding of the Filipino martial arts. Some of Master Mosqueda’s accomplishments are: 1988 – Member of the strong 5-man undefeated Doce Pares team that competed in the National Arnis Team Championships in Manila Philippines. 1994 – Bantamweight Champion in sparring during the 3rd WEKAF championships held in Metro Manila.

 ### COACH TYLER Tyler is a passionate and experienced Muay Thai instructor with a many years history in the art, dedicated to fostering a positive and challenging training environment for all levels. From his early training to his current role, he has been committed to mastering the techniques and principles of Muay Thai, and sharing that knowledge with others.

 book a private w/ COACH TYLER

 book a private w/ Erwin Mosqueda

 ### Elite training in moorpark, CA ## Kraken MAA

 #### questions? reach out! Call/ Text us (805) 222-7948 Name
 Email Address
 Message
 submit

 ### Session Hours Kids:
 Monday – Thursday 5:00 – 6:00pm
 Saturdays 900- 1030am
 Adults:
 Monday – Thursday 6:00 – 9:00pm
 Saturdays 1030am- 1230pm

 ### Limited Spots Available Don’t miss out on Summer Sessions.

 register today
