---
source_url: http://www.arvadajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://arvadajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:21.376Z
---

-
 - - About Us About UsProfessor Robert WunderlichInstructors - Programs ProgramsOverview – BJJYouth – BJJAdults – BJJ - Special Offers - Schedule - Upcoming Events - Contact Us - Login - Sign Up

 ## Welcome to

 ## The Academy of

 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu # Arvada

 ## The Benefits of

 # Martial Arts in Arvada

 At Academy of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Arvada, we believe that martial arts training can help every child and adult develop the mental and physical skills they need to succeed in life. Martial Arts isn’t just about self-defense like so many believe. At Arvada BJJ, it’s all about self-confidence, improved focus, physical strength, and positive social interaction. Arvada BJJ teaches our members to set goals, work hard, and follow-through, all the while having fun and making friends.

 # Programs

 Whether you’re interested getting in shape, becoming an MMA fighter, finding a sport to be competitive in, or in having your child learn discipline and real self defense, Jiu Jitsu is fun and safe for people ages 5 and up!

 # Special Offers

 The Academy of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Arvada offers the finest lessons from a team of high level instructors with decades of experience. Join us today for a FREE 14 Day Trial which will start you on a journey to change your life for the better!

 # Why It's Important

 ## Improved Focus

 ## Boosts Self Confidence

 ## Weight Loss

 ## Positive Social Interaction

 ## You'll Have Fun

 ## Anti-Bullying Education

 # Gallery

 # Testimonials

 # Join Us Today

 We are ready to start the journey with you. Come check us out!

 Arvada BJJ will positively change you and your child. Are you ready to take the next step towards a more healthier, confident, dedicated life?

 - 303-728-9427

 - 9860 W 59th Pl, Arvada, CO 80004

 - Get Directions

 NAME *

 EMAIL *

 PHONE NUMBER *

 By opting in to SMS, the Person agrees to receive announcements and billing alerts from The Academy of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Arvada.
 Standard messaging rates may apply. Messaging cadence may vary. Reply STOP to opt out.

 Which program are you interested in? *

 SUBMIT

 # Special Offer

 Interested in what training BJJ can do for you? Sign up today for a free 7 day trial!

 JOIN TODAY

 ## ABOUT US

 ## PROGRAMS

 ## SCHEDULE

 ## CONTACT US

 ## Privacy Policy

 ## Terms of Service

 ## Arvada Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 720-549-0774

 9860 W 59th Pl, Arvada, CO 80004

 Arvada Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Powered by Zenplanner
