---
source_url: http://thunderkickgym.com/pages/training
final_url: https://thunderkickgym.com/pages/training
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:36.697Z
---

# Our Programs Kids
 Our kid Jiu Jitsu Strong program builds confidence, coordination and character. “After doing many types of martial arts and combat sports myself, I believe that Jiu Jitsu is best in kid self defense”. - Thomas
 With this program, kids will learn defense with dominant positions and submission attacks as well as how to strike. Starting this program at a young age will help grow strong and confident leaders and help them to be great examples in school, home, and in life. Have your child Jiu Jitsu Strong at Thunderkick.
 Jiu Jitsu
 Under the BQUICK lineage, Thunderkick focuses on the core techniques that every jiu jitsu practitioner should know. With this class, members will be able to improve their overall jiu jitsu knowledge, improve their movement and coordination, and receive an introduction to more advanced jiu jitsu techniques.
 No-Gi
 No-Gi is grappling without the traditional uniform, instead you wear shorts and a rash guard. In No-Gi you cannot grab your opponent’s clothing. Members will have the opportunity to learn the same modern jiu jitsu being taught in Gi classes, but learn how to adapt them to No-Gi situations.
 MMA
 Here at Thunderkick, we offer an exciting and safe environment for training Mixed Martial Arts.It has been proven time and again that MMA is the fastest growing sport on the planet. It's a combination of Wrestling, Jiu Jitsu and Kickboxing working together against a trained opponent works so well, imagine how effective those arts are against an untrained attacker for the self-defense aspect of the sport. In addition, MMA is a phenomenal workout and provides numerous benefits. There is no better way to blow off steam!
