---
source_url: http://www.gilbertmartialarts.com/schedule
final_url: https://gilbertmartialarts.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:06.288Z
---

# SCHEDULE OF CLASSES #### KIDS KENPO (Beginning) #### KIDS KENPO (Beginning) #### KIDS KENPO (Beginning)
 This class is designed for beginner martial arts students ages 5-12 and will focus on foundational skills along with strength and conditioning.

 - Monday: 5pm-6pm - Tuesday: 4pm-5pm - Wednesday: 5pm-6pm - Thursday: 4pm-5pm

 #### KIDS KENPO (Advance) #### KIDS KENPO (Beginning) #### KIDS KENPO (Beginning)
 This class is for kids ranked Blue Belt and above and will focus on advanced skills and curriculum.

 - Tuesday: 5pm-6pm - Wednesday: 4pm-5pm - Thursday: 5pm-6pm

 #### KIDS MUAY THAI #### KIDS KENPO (Beginning) #### ADULT/TEEN KENPO (Beginning)
 Open to all ages and ranks for kids. Class is designed to build skills in Muay Thai including boxing and kickboxing style training. Gear Required: Fully closed boxing gloves (8oz -10oz), Muay Thai Shin Guards.
 - Monday: 4pm-5pm - Saturday: 10am-11am

 #### ADULT/TEEN KENPO (Beginning) #### ADULT/TEEN KENPO (Beginning)
 This class is designed for beginning adults/teens martial arts and will help to build a solid foundation through drilling basics, learning proper technique as well as strength and conditioning exercises.

 - Tuesday: 6pm-7pm - Wednesday: 7pm-8pm - Thursday: 6pm-7pm

 #### ADULT/TEEN KENPO (Advance) Open to students rank Blue Belt and above. In addition to refinement of basics this class will further develop advance skills and techniques as well as increased conditioning and drills.

 - Monday: 6pm-7pm - Tuesday: 7pm-8pm - Thursday: 7pm-8pm

 #### ADULT/TEEN MUAY THAI KICKBOXING Ages 13+. Muay Thai is highly effective sport fighting system. Incorporating boxing, clinching and kickboxing technique. These classes will build basic foundations of striking, kicking, footwork as well as defensive skills and progress to sparring technique and more.
 Gear Required: boxing gloves, wraps, shin guards, mouth piece, groin protector.

 - Monday: 7pm-8pm - Tuesday: 12pm-1pm - Wednesday: 6pm-7pm - Thursday: 12pm-1pm - Saturday: 12pm-1pm

 #### KIDS HOMESCHOOL #### KIDS BROWN/BLACK BELT
 Open to kids ages 5+ all experience levels. Contact the studio for more information.

 - Tuesday: 11am-12pm - Thursday: 11am-12pm

 #### KIDS BROWN/BLACK BELT #### KIDS BROWN/BLACK BELT
 Kids ranked Brown and Black Belt.
 By invitation only.

 - Friday: 5pm-6pm

 #### ADULT BLACK BELT Adult/Teen students ranked Black Belt.
 By invitation only.

 - Saturday: 8am-9am

 #### Martial Blade Concepts #### Martial Blade Concepts
 This class is open to all GDA students, ages 16+ as well as non-members with class pass and drop in rates. Class will focus on use of folding knife as a self defense tool as well as defense against edged and other weapons.

 - Tuesday: 930am-1030am - Private Instruction also available!
