---
source_url: http://www.gilbertmartialarts.com/programs
final_url: https://gilbertmartialarts.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:06.599Z
---

# Programs

 ## KENPO-Karate #### PROGRAM DESCRIPTION The base system we teach is a traditional Martial Arts system called Kenpo. Kenpo is a well-rounded system incorporating striking, kicking, blocking, and multiple reality based self-defense techniques. It begins with building a strong foundation in more of a “Karate” style of training. As you continue to progress the system evolves introducing more of the circle movements of “Kung Fu” and the Chinese arts. Very little in Kenpo is waisted movement as its focus is on practicality and application. Traditional components such as forms or Kata (both open handed and with weapons) are also taught to help sharpen technique and build discipline. It is known primarily for its fast, in-tight striking capabilities and adaptability to its practitioner which makes it a highly effective self-defense system.

 Self-defense training includes, punch and kick defenses, grabs and holds, weapons defense & retention (edged and blunt force), as well as ground defense. Both our Kids Martial Arts and Adult Martial Arts program are centered around this system of training.

 #### SCHEDULE Kids Kenpo (beginning):
 - M/W: 5pm-6pm - T/TH: 4pm-5pm
 Adult Kenpo (beginning):
 - W: 7pm-8pm - T/TH: 6pm-7pm
 Kids Kenpo (advance):
 - W: 4pm-5pm - T/TH: 5pm-6pm
 Adult Kenpo (advance):
 - M: 6pm-7pm - T/TH: 7pm-8pm

 ## Additional Programs Offered #### Muay Thai Kickboxing #### Muay Thai Kickboxing #### Muay Thai Kickboxing
 Muay Thai is a highly effective sport fighting system. Not only a great workout but will sharpen your fighting skills and spirit!

 Find out more

 #### Women's Self Defense #### Muay Thai Kickboxing #### Muay Thai Kickboxing
 We offer both a comprehensive Women's Self Defense Course as well as seminars available for groups and organizations.

 Find out more

 #### Tai Chi #### Muay Thai Kickboxing #### Martial Blade Concepts
 This no impact soft style of training is great for breathing and relaxation while still challenging the body and mind.

 Find out more

 #### Martial Blade Concepts #### Martial Blade Concepts #### Martial Blade Concepts
 Martial Blade Concepts (MBC) is an edged-weapon system specifically designed to meet the needs of today's concerned citizen and armed professional.

 Find out more

 #### Shaolin Kung Fu #### Martial Blade Concepts #### Shaolin Kung Fu
 Most martial arts can trace their roots back to the Shaolin Temple and Kung Fu. Shaolin Kung Fu will challenge your mind, body and spirit.

 Find out more
