---
source_url: http://www.gilbertmartialarts.com
final_url: https://gilbertmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:06.769Z
---

# Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today!

 Specializing in Professional Private and Group Martial Arts and Self Defense Instruction for Men, Women and Children.

 Start Training

 # Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today! Begin your martial arts & self defense journey today!

 Specializing in Professional Private and Group Martial Arts and Self Defense Instruction for Men, Women and Children.

 Start Training

 ## Martial ARts & Self Defense Classes for all ages & abilities #### Adult/Teen Martial Arts Traditional martial arts for the modern world. No matter your experience level of physical abilities this journey is yours to take and we'll be right there with you one step at a time.

 #### Kids Martial Arts Help them develop confidence, discipline, strength, and focus along with lifelong valuable skills all in a fun and structured learning environment.

 ## Reviews

 ## Contact Us

 #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Phone*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person! We'd love to meet you! Please feel free to come by the studio for a tour and we can talk about your martial arts and self defense goals!

 #### Gilbert Defense Arts Gilbert Defense Arts, 1094 S Gilbert Rd Ste 107, Gilbert, Arizona 85233, United States
 Call: (480) 855-7586 Text: (480) 702-1269 Email: info@gilbertdefensearts.com

 #### Hours Open today | 12:00 – 18:00 |

 Get directions

 ## About Us #### One student at a time... We never could have imagined where this journey would take us when we opened our doors in May of 2002. We are extremely grateful to have been able to share the martial arts with so many students and families over the years and have continued to make it our mission to impact as many lives in our community as we can. We are excited to welcome you to the GDA Family and look forward to sharing this experience with you!
