---
source_url: http://www.mmalab.com
final_url: https://mmalab.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:12.986Z
---

# THE #1 MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING FACILITY IN ARIZONA We have classes for the whole family!

 FREE TRIAL

 # THE #1 MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING FACILITY IN ARIZONA We have classes for the whole family!

 FREE TRIAL

 ### Our classes are set up for all ages and skill levels. Beginners are always welcome. We have classes for the whole family!

 FREE TRIAL

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU CLASSES Popularized by the Gracie family, this grappling based martial art provides great mental training and an even better physical workout.

 FREE TRIAL

 ## WRESTLING CLASSES Join our wrestling program for a dynamic workout and a chance to master a timeless sport that builds strength and discipline.

 FREE TRIAL

 ## STRIKING CLASSES Our striking program is an eclectic system that includes elements of boxing, kickboxing, Muay Thai, and traditional martial arts.

 FREE TRIAL

 ## YOUTH GRAPPLING CLASSES Our youth grappling program includes BJJ and wrestling. We emphasize the importance of hard work, respect, discipline and teamwork.

 FREE TRIAL

 ## YOUTH STRIKING CLASSES Our youth striking program focuses on boxing and kickboxing. This program also emphasizes the importance of hard work, respect, discipline and teamwork.

 FREE TRIAL

 ## STRENGTH & CONDITIONING CLASSES These group fitness classes are built to accommodate all levels. Each class is unique and is taught in a team centered and supportive environment.

 FREE TRIAL

 ## PRIVATE INSTRUCTION Private lessons are a great way to focus on the finer details of any of our available martial arts or fitness classes.

 # GET FIT | HAVE FUN | DEFINE YOUR FIGHT

 FREE TRIAL

 SIGN UP

 # THE MMA LAB IS RATED ONE OF THE TOP 10 MMA GYMS IN THE WORLD

 “I sincerely love The MMA Lab. I started at the Lab about a year ago and they have quickly become like family. I strongly encourage anyone to come in and check it out as soon as possible because your only regret will be that you hadn’t done it sooner!”
 #### ASHLEY ‘DEUBS’ DEUBEL

 “The MMA LAB has been incredible for my two daughters. I can’t express enough how great a job this staff does. If you are looking for a place where your kids can build confidence and thrive The MMA Lab is the answer.”
 #### TIM NOLLAN

 “Training at The Lab is easily one of my favorite things to do. I get a workout and feel like I am on a team at the same time. Never a dull moment. When I am done, I feel amazing. My strength and endurance has vastly improved.”
 #### JAKKI WALDECKER

 ## WE ARE @MMALAB
 ###
 ## FOLLOW US!

 ## EMAIL US info@mmalab.com

 ## CALL US (623) 792-8543

 ## VISIT US 2710 W Bell Rd. Ste 1150
 Phoenix, AZ 85053

 I am text block. Click edit button to change this text. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut elit tellus, luctus nec ullamcorper mattis, pulvinar dapibus leo.
