---
source_url: http://www.danieltavaresbjjacademy.com/programs-schedule/
final_url: http://www.danieltavaresbjjacademy.com/programs-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:20.848Z
---

Our Current ## Schedule

 MONDAY 6:00AM – 7:00AM | No Gi Class 11:00AM – NOON | Gi Class 5:00PM – 5:45PM | Kids Gi Class – 4 to 6 years old 5:00PM – 6:00PM | Kids Gi Class – 7 to 13 years old 6:30PM – 7:30PM | Gi Class

 TUESDAY 6:00AM – 7:00AM | Gi Class 11:00AM – NOON | No Gi Class 5:00PM – 6:00PM | Kids No Gi Class 6:30PM – 7:30PM | No Gi Class

 WEDNESDAY 6:00AM – 7:00AM | No Gi Open Mat 11:00AM – NOON | Gi Class 5:00PM – 5:45PM | Kids Gi Class – 4 to 6 years old 5:00PM – 6:00PM | Kids Gi Class – 7 to 13 years old 6:30PM – 7:30PM | Gi Class

 THURSDAY 6:00AM – 7:00AM | Gi Class 11:00AM – NOON | No Gi Class 5:00PM – 6:00PM | Kids No Gi Class 6:30PM – 7:30PM | No Gi Class

 FRIDAY 6:00AM – 7:00AM | Gi Class 11:00AM – NOON | Gi Class 5:00PM – 5:45PM | Kids Gi Class – 4 to 6 years old 5:00PM – 6:00PM | Kids Gi Class – 7 to 13 years old 6:30PM – 7:30PM | Gi Class

 SATURDAY 10:00AM – NOON | Open Mat

 Classes ## Daniel Tavares BJJ Academy is the place to go for Authentic Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 Ages 13 & up ## Fundamentals

 We highly encourage the future new members to start with our “Fundamentals classes” to build their base if they never trained before. The basic techniques are VERY effective when applied with precision, the correct timing, weight distribution and proper control. It is a mistake to dismiss the basic techniques for more advanced positions. After months of training the student may then attend the All levels BJJ classes.
 Why should a higher belt attend a class that shows basic techniques? Because it is the basic techniques that we use in EVERY roll. The mastery of the basic techniques is what being a skilled Jiu-Jitsu student means.

 Ages 14 & up ## All Levels BJJ & No Gi

 We offer authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for men and women of all ages and abilities. Classes offer gi and no-gi techniques that are beneficial to anyone looking to improve their physical fitness level, compete in BJJ tournaments or MMA competitions, or learn self-defense.
 These classes are also a great way to meet and network with new people , lose weight , and relieve stress . Our program is comprehensive and designed to accommodate absolute beginners through advanced practitioners. We begin with a dynamic warm-up and transition into practicing take down and ground techniques. Drilling and live rolling are also an important part of our curriculum.

 Ages 3-12 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Kids have a natural proclivity for grappling. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu provides a great way to channel their abundant energy into something productive and rewarding. In our Kids Program, we instill in our students the qualities that will help them throughout their lives. The kids learn that commitment, respect, focus, self-discipline, hard work, and effort always make for a rewarding experience and bring positive results.

 ### Ages 3-6 This class is specifically designed for our youngest practitioners. We will introduce the students to Jiu-Jitsu to help develop coordination and agility besides other benefits offered to the practitioners of Martial Arts. Children will learn discipline and respect from very early age. This class is suitable for children of all skill levels.
 This class helps your child:
 - Develop Self-Discipline - Build confidence and determination - Increase focus - Begin a healthy lifestyle at a young age - Improve coordination & agility - Gain leadership skills - Meet new friends - Excellent after-school activity

 ### Ages 6-12 Classes combine the basics of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with fun and exciting, skill-oriented exercises and games to improve their gross motor skills, coordination, strength, flexibility, and agility.
 Kids who train in our program also benefit from:
 - Character development - Better focusing and listening skills - Sportsmanship - Goal-setting - Self-discipline/self-control - Improved social and interpersonal skills - Greater respect for adults and peers - Greater confidence and self-esteem (especially in children that are shy or have been bullied in school) - Conflict/peer pressure management (We teach our kids to be assertive, but not aggressive.)

 Ultimately, we try to ensure that the kids in our program are happier, healthier, and have the qualities and skills that will help to empower them throughout their entire lives.

 ## Private Lessons

 Many students choose private lessons over or in addition to group classes for a variety of reasons. Some students desire more one-on-one instruction, while others need flexibility because their schedules do not permit them the ability to attend group classes. Some students wish to private lessons advance more rapidly or study a particular area in greater detail. Whatever the reason, private lessons provide a great opportunity to receive individualized attention, which helps to accelerate the learning process.
 Private lessons are scheduled upon request. For information about pricing, please contact us at 856-885-3675.

 For Members and Non-Members ## Open Mat

 Our open mat training is designed to allow members and non-members to work on specific trouble areas and practice newly learned techniques in a non-instructed format. This class allows the practitioners the opportunity to spar, drill, or analyze techniques and improve their Jiu-Jitsu Game.
 Open Mat is for anyone of any belt rank, age, and school team who wants to roll. We don’t charge any fee for the Open Mat.

 Trial Classes & ## Discounts
 Ask about our new-membership deals for individuals or the whole family!

 ### Service Discount
 ### 15% ##### off ###### for Military, Law Enforcement, Firefighters, and Veterans

 ### Family Discount
 ### ##### ###### Contact for details (2+ members)

 ### Student Discount
 ### 5% ##### off ###### for college students with valid ID

 ### Follow Us!

 ### Call now to schedule your FREE class with no obligation! ##### 7 Kelly Driver Rd Clementon, NJ 08021 ##### (856) 885-3675 teamtavaresbjj@gmail.com
