---
source_url: http://www.danieltavaresbjjacademy.com
final_url: http://www.danieltavaresbjjacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:22.430Z
---

Refine Your Game ## Learn from 5th Degree Black Belt & World Champion
 The Daniel Tavares BJJ Academy experience is like no other in its innovative approach and mission. Students receive direction from the expertise of one of the best national and international professors/athletes in the specialized discipline of BJJ. With Daniel Tavares, you will learn the pure and authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Learn More
 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Kids have a natural proclivity for grappling and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu allows them to channel their abundant energy into something productive and rewarding. Classes combine the basics of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with fun exercises and games.

 Read More
 ### Adults Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for men and women of all ages and abilities. Our program is comprehensive and designed to accommodate absolute beginners through advanced practitioners.

 Read More
 ### No Gi Classes are based on grappling and ground fighting without Gi. You will have the opportunity to learn the same modern/old school Jiu-Jitsu being taught in gi classes, and how to adapt them to No Gi situations.

 View All Classes

 ## Private Lessons
 Get more one-on-one instruction and flexibility with private lessons. Private lessons provide a great opportunity to receive individualized attention, which helps to accelerate the learning process.

 Schedule A Private Lesson

 Ready to start your ## Free 3-Day Trial?
 We offer a 3-day trial for all of our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, with no obligation to join and no contracts. Check out our schedule and join our next class, or just let us know you’re interested!

 ### Follow Us!

 ### Call now to schedule your FREE class with no obligation! ##### 7 Kelly Driver Rd Clementon, NJ 08021 ##### (856) 885-3675 teamtavaresbjj@gmail.com
