---
source_url: https://midworldmartialarts.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
final_url: https://midworldmartialarts.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:48.785Z
---

# Mid World Martial Arts ### Old School Grind, New School Shine
 Join Today

 ##### Sign Up for Your FREE Trial TODAY! ×

 #### Welcome To Our ### Martial Arts School
 Welcome to Mid World Martial Arts in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania! We are a competition-focused martial arts school that also supports hobbyists and those training for fitness. Our martial arts is technique based and focuses on coming together in a team environment. Students are instilled with a variety of skills to take on and off the mat including: discipline, dedication, self-respect, respect for others, and skills to get through adversity.
 Do you want to find self-improvement through competition, fitness, and self-defense?
 Then join us on the mats at Mid World Martial Arts!

 ## Sign Up for Your FREE WEEK! Sign up today to check out any of our classes for a full week!

 Try Us Out ##### Sign Up for Your FREE Trial TODAY! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 #### About Us At ### Mid World Martial Arts

 #### About Us Mid World Martial Arts is a school where students are trained with personal development on and off the mat in mind. Whether you’re part of our strong competition program or are training for fitness/self-defense, you will receive insightful guided instruction from our experienced mentors. Led by head instructor Eric Strausser with 20 years of experience, our staff has spent years in martial arts and now strive to pass down all the lessons they have learned. Our staff’s experience is complimented with a personability to relate to our students and understand their wants and needs. Join us and our students for the best martial arts experience at Mid World Martial Arts!
 #### History Mid World Martial Arts has provided martial arts training to Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania since 2019. Owner and head instructor Eric Strausser originally opened our doors to gain training partners. We have now become a place where Eric and his instructors can pass down their martial arts knowledge, working to build a community and a group of black belts. Eric himself has trained in multiple martial arts styles since 2017, including all the martial arts taught at Mid World. We have grown so much since our opening, moving from a 500-square-foot location to a 5,000-square-foot location with more students and instructors, and hope to continue to do so our students receive the best training possible.

 ## Adult Memberships We offer a variety of programs and memberships options to fit your goals!

 Sign Up ##### Adult Membership Ages 15+ ×

 ### Meet The Mid World Team ##### Experienced Mentors, Passionate Leaders At Mid World Martial Arts, our team is the backbone of everything we do. Led by head instructor Eric Strausser, who brings 20 years of martial arts experience, our staff is made up of skilled mentors dedicated to your growth both on and off the mat. With diverse backgrounds in martial arts, we combine technical expertise with a personal approach to instruction, ensuring every student feels supported and challenged. Meet the team that’s ready to guide you on your martial arts journey!

 ##### Eric Strausser ###### Head Instructor

 ##### Lauren Strausser ###### Yoga

 ##### Sydney Lehman ###### Youth Instructor

 ##### Nate Chappell ###### Youth Instructor

 ##### Zack Vanderslice ###### MMA Instructor

 ## Youth Memberships Sign up for our youth martial arts, ages 6-12!

 Sign Up ##### Youth Membership Ages 6-12 ×

 #### Learn More About Our ### Programs
 ##### Mid World Martial Arts has a variety of programs for those looking to start martial arts to join! The different styles of martial arts we offer include: 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, MMA, Youth Martial Arts, Strength & Conditioning, and Yoga.
 Come try the class for you and grow with us at Mid World Martial Arts!

 #### 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) has gained a lot of attention in recent years, and it’s pretty obvious why. Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master. BJJ focuses on ground level altercations – utilizing holds, throws, blows, and a variety of submission techniques. This makes jiu jitsu ideal when learning how to take on an opponent who may be larger than you, without necessarily having to hurt them.

 #### Kickboxing The benefits of kickboxing are endless. Kickboxing is a combat (or fighting) sport which is performed standing up. This form of martial arts originates from karate, also picking up influences from Muay Thai and boxing.
 Kickboxing is not just an incredibly rewarding martial art to practice, it is also a form of exercise that is sure to push you out of your comfort zone. Whether you dream of becoming the next WKA champion, want to find an alternative to your gym membership, or are looking for a new method of self-defense, we have the perfect class for you.

 #### MMA With each punch, kick, and block, mixed martial artists are using every part of their bodies. Given this, it should come as no surprise that MMA is one of the most effective ways to build and tone muscles throughout the entire body. Through weight training, cardio exercises, and grappling, MMA students quickly develop newfound strength, endurance, balance, and coordination with every class. MMA training is intense, but it’s incredibly rewarding and will leave you with results that are sure to lead you to success in any style of martial arts you may practice.

 #### Youth Martial Arts Raising a child is anything but easy – let us help you! If your child struggles to concentrate in class, is dealing with bullies at school, or can’t seem to come out of their shell, karate is the answer to your prayers. The martial arts help kids gain confidence, learn discipline, foster respect for others, master the ability to focus, and be a part of a one-of-a-kind community full of future friends and mentors!

 #### Strength & Conditioning You may receive praise from your instructor on your kicks and punches in class, but then find yourself out of breath the second you have to spar. Sound familiar? If you don’t have the stamina and strength to back up your skills, you’ll find yourself losing fight after fight. That’s why we encourage each and every one of our students to enroll in our strength and conditioning courses. These classes will take your skills to the next level and get you in the best shape of your life.

 #### Yoga Chances are, you already knew that yoga was the perfect source of flexibility. But did you know that it’s also an amazing way to build your strength? Yoga has been shown to tone muscles and provide a newfound sense of strength and stability. From your core, to your arms, to your glutes, yoga targets pretty much every part of the body.

 ### What Our Students Are Saying In addition to their technical expertise, our instructors are also excellent teachers who know how to create a supportive and challenging learning environment. They understand that every student is unique and tailor their approach to meet the needs of each individual.
 See why our students say why you should be training at our school:

 Previous “Best gym in the area, check them out if you want to learn great technique!!!”

 Isabella Reichart
 Facebook

 “Amazing facility and quality coaching!”

 Keith Krikorian
 Google

 “Great coach and an amazing atmosphere to learn martial arts with people who will help you every step of the way.”

 Wellington Cordero
 Facebook

 Next

 ## Class Schedule Check out our current class schedule and find the program that works for you!

 View Schedule

 ## Contact Us Mid World Martial Arts welcomes everyone in Bloomsburg and those in the following nearby areas: Danville, Berwick, Lewisburg, Shamokin, and anyone in the nearby area. We are located in downtown Bloomsburg right off Main Street on East Ridge Avenue!

 (570) 492-6335

 32 E Ridge Ave, Bloomsburg, PA 17815
