---
source_url: https://sbymmafitness.com/
final_url: https://sbymmafitness.com/sby-mma-and-fitness
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:19.223Z
---

WHAT ARE YOU DOING TODAY TO BECOME A CHAMPION?

 Our mission is to improve the quality of life for everyone around us through Mindset and Fitness.

 TRY 3 CLASSES FOR FREE

 CLASSES WE OFFER

 MMA | BJJ | NO GI | BOXING | kickboxing | Karate

 MMA TRAINING

 Our highly experienced Coaching Staff provides training, coaching, and development in multiple disciplines, to help you step inside of the cage and become the next Mixed Martial Arts Champion

 MORE INFO

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the undisputed champion of ground fighting styles. Whether you're training for self defense, sport Jiu Jitsu competition, or your MMA Game try a class free today.

 MORE INFO

 NOGI SUBMISSION GRAPPLING

 “Learn the art of No Gi submission grappling. Improve your skills for MMA, competition Jiu Jitsu and self-defense.

 MORE INFO

 BOXING

 Learn the sweet science in our boxing program. Get ready for the ring, the cage or the things that go bump in the night.

 MORE INFO

 KICKBOXING

 Learn the art of kickboxing

 MORE INFO

 KDJR KARATE

 Learn & develop self esteem, respect, confidence, awareness and social skills through our recognized self-defense karate system.

 MORE INFO

 YOUTH PROGRAMS

 Set your kids up for success with a healthy foundation. Designed to build strong athletic and motivational skills that apply in and out of the gym, our Youth Programs help develop coordination, agility, speed and strength.

 MORE INFO

 CONDITIONING

 Non-Contact Class that combines classic boxing techniques with functional movement and conditioning.

 MORE INFO

 PERSONAL TRAINING

 Talk to one of our world class coaches about an individualized training program, exercise routines and one on one support.

 MORE INFO

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 CONTACT US

 WE ARE MORE THAN JUST A "FIGHT YARD"

 SBY MMA & Fitness is located within Pure Fitness Salisbury, the areas most comprehensive fitness and athletics complex. Here, everything you need to meet your goals is at your fingertips.

 Whether you're just looking to get in shape, learn self-defense, or compete in mixed martial arts, boxing or sport jiu jitsu at the highest levels, we've got you covered.

 If you want to be a pro, or if you just want to train like one, SBY MMA & FITNESS is where it all begins.

 What are you doing today to become a Champion?

 Our Core Values:

 1. FYE (forget your excuses)

 2. Lead by serving

 3. Do the work

 4. Earn the right to win for your family

 5. Team Before Me

 TRY 3 CLASSES FOR FREE
 600 Glen Avenue Salisbury, MD 21804

 FACEBOOK

 INSTAGRAM

 CHAMP TALK

 Louie Amabili

 Louie is a IFA certified personal trainer and group fitness instructor, b lue belt, and s ilver medal in IBJJF open at white belt. Currently undefeated in MMA. Louie Coaches kids classes and adult no gi.

 LEARN MORE

 Eric R Evans

 - 8th degree blackbelt in kdjr karate system

 - Purple Belt in bjj

 - Been doing martial arts over 40 yrs

 - Competed in karate, BJJ, and mma

 - Certified personal trainer

 - Degrees in criminal justice and nursing musician, singer and actor

 LEARN MORE

 Coach P

 Five years as a boxing trainer

 Boxing conditioning trainer

 Certified personal trainer

 Boxing coach

 Relationship builder

 LEARN MORE

 Coach Sharp

 - Professional boxing trainer
 - Personal workout trainer
 - Specializes in skill training (personal skill training available)
 - Boxed professionally for 5 years
 - Specializes in conditioning training
 - Trains you to be fight ready, even if your not taking the sport professionally
 - Teaches the knowledge of boxing
 - Works with all from beginner to advanced

 LEARN MORE

 Brian Mansfield

 Coach Brian started training with us back in September and took on a coaching role in April. He attended SU, where he played football from 2008-2012. He started training BJJ in 2018 in Baltimore. He’s been competing since white belt, with his biggest accomplishment coming as a blue belt where he won IBJJF Masters Worlds in 2021. Brian is currently a purple belt, coaching a nogi competition class and Gi fundamentals at SBY. Outside the gym, Brian enjoys spending time with his wife and two boys, and running his custom woodworking business.

 LEARN MORE

 John Meister

 I’m a blue belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. I started training 6 years ago at the age of 33. I fell in love with the art and the mental, physical and social benefits it provides. I'm excited to share my passion for the sport and help people like me without athletic backgrounds try something new! When I'm not on the mats I enjoy spending time with my family, listening to music and reading epic fantasy novels.

 LEARN MORE

 Gregg White

 Gregg is a BJJ Purple Belt. He started Jiu Jitsu in 2016 and MMA IN 2019. Coach Gregg has 5 Stellar Fights under his belt and has helped many others in their fight camps. Gregg loves training and teaching MMA and Kickboxing. We’re very fortunate to have him officially on board as a Coach.

 LEARN MORE

 Coach David Cain - Muay Thai

 Dave has been training in combat sports for over 20 years and studied muay thai under the coaches at Daddis Fight Camps in Philadelphia. He
 fought in the cage for several years and brings a very analytical
 approach to training. He believes in perfecting the foundational
 movements and prefers to focus on effectiveness over flashiness.

 LEARN MORE

 © Copyright 2022 - All Rights Reserved

 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions

 ## Working...
