---
source_url: http://www.akka.com/adult-programs
final_url: https://akka.com/adult-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:33.108Z
---

Weymouth 781-331-2552 Hanson 781-294-4240

 # Adult Programs #### Great Way to Lower YOUR Stress, Improve YOUR Physical Conditioning, and Learn Valuable Self Defense Some of the Training Benefits
 - Major Stress Release - Superior Form of Exercise - Build Confidence - Effective Self Defense - Make New Friends - Improve Physical and Mental Health - For only $29.95 and YOU receive - 2 Private Lessons (A $100.00 value, FREE) - Uniform for Karate Program (A $55.00 value)

 Our Introductory Offer to You
 We have made it easy for you to find out about AKKA with this special offer. For just $29.95 you ll receive 2 private lessons with one of our highly trained instructors, a uniform for the karate program and a tour of our facility. This will give YOU a chance to visit our school, meet our staff and work with our instructors.
 What do you have to lose?
 This is your chance to interview us with NO OBLIGATION so that you may see for yourself the powerful benefits promised on this page. During this lesson your will be taught the basics of the AKKA System so you will be prepared to participate in a regular class. You will have an opportunity to ask and have personally answered any questions you may have about our program.
 We re giving YOU up to $155.00 worth of services and products for just $29.95 simply for checking us out! That s how confident we are in our program. Now you have to take action and see it for yourself.

 ## Choose the Location Closest to You #### Weymouth Location 170 Middle St Weymouth

 Introductory Program

 #### Hanson Location 6 Main St Hanson

 Introductory Program

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
