---
source_url: https://chaystkd.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://chaystkd.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:22.755Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts In Racine ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Chay's Tae Kwon Do. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Enjoy Age Specific Tae Kwon Do Classes In Our Kids Martial Arts Program At Chay's Tae Kwon Do, we are proud to offer two specialized Kids Martial Arts classes, giving students of all ages the chance to learn valuable life skills while staying active and making tons of new friends.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Racine teach students the fundamentals of Tae Kwon Do and build their confidence from the ground up , setting them up for success in anything they do. Just fill out the short form below to get started!
 Request More Information

 ## Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Are Great For All Ages And Abilities At Chay's Tae Kwon Do, we are proud to offer all students in Racine a chance to train and have a blast with us. Students develop physical skills over time with the help of our professional instructors and learn how to move their bodies with speed, power, and efficiency.
 Students can carry over the skills learned in our Kids Martial Arts Classes to anything they pursue in life.
 Our kid's programs include:
 Little Ninjas (Ages 4-7): The best way to boost your young child's confidence while helping them learn the basics of coordination and strength. Our Little Ninjas learn the basics of Tae Kwon Do, while also improving their:
 - Discipline - Attention to detail - Memory and focus
 Plus, they'll develop great social skills and learn how to work as a team.
 Children's Tae Kwon Do (Ages 7-12): Whether your child participated in the Little Ninjas class or not, our Children's Tae Kwon Do program is perfect for them. In a high-energy setting, we help students take pride in their skills as they improve foundational tools like
 - Punches - Kicks - Blocks
 Your child will be surrounded by a great group of positive influences and learn how to communicate with others to make their goals a reality.
 ## Kids Martial Arts Classes Can Serve Your Child For Years To Come There's no better way than our Kids Martial Arts Classes to introduce your child to some of life's most important lessons. Whatever profession they pursue as an adult, they will forever remember the values and life skills they learned at Chay’s Tae Kwon Do.
 Our staff is dedicated to helping each and every child succeed, and in the process, they can develop a self-confidence that will stick with them forever.
 Our Kids Martial Arts classes help students:
 - Overcome challenges like bullies and intimidation - Take pride in their work and accomplishments - Treat others with respect at all times - Focus on the details in everything they do
 ## Give Your Child A Boost Today With The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In and Near Racine! Don't let your child struggle to find their footing or go through their early years without a structured way to learn important lessons. At Chay's Tae Kwon Do, we are proud to work with children across Racine of all backgrounds and abilities to help them become their most confident and accomplished selves.
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes or to get started today, just fill out the short form on your screen now!
 Request More Information

 ## Racine's Home for Family Martial Arts Request information

 When I saw the high quality of instruction that my son received in his first lesson at Chay's Tae Kwon Do, I immediately signed myself up as well. From the moment you step into the workout area to the time your lesson is complete not a moment is wasted; multiple patient, kind and skilled instructors segment the class by rank and bring you through a diverse series of exercises that ensure that no one lesson is the same as the one before it. I feel more fit than I have ever felt before, and I enjoy watching my son's confidence grow as his skills increase under the care of his instructors. Chay's Tae KwonDo is special, and I recommend that you come out and see it for yourself.

 When I started the Krav Maga program at Chays I was looking to learn a little self defense. I had no prior experience so I was pretty nervous.However, my nerves were quickly put to rest. I found the instructors as well as the students were very supportive and encouraging. The classes have a wide range of ages as well as fitness levels. The instructors are very knowledgeable in what they teach and always able to answer any question that I may have. They also do a great job in changing up the classes so they don't get boring and repetitive. I've been participating in the Krav Maga program for 12 years now. Thank you to Master Chay and his instructors for the years of great service!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
