---
source_url: https://chaystkd.com/classes/Adult-Martial-Arts-
final_url: https://chaystkd.com/classes/Adult-Martial-Arts-
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:22.943Z
---

# Adult Martial Arts In Racine ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Chay's Tae Kwon Do. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Learn The Best Self-Defense And Tae Kwon Do In Our Adult Martial Arts Classes What if we told you that you could combine the best self-defense training in Racine with a total-body workout and a great group of new friends? Well, now you can.
 Our Adult Martial Arts Classes at Chay's Tae Kwon Do help teens and adults stay in great shape while teaching you vital Tae Kwon Do skills that could keep you safe in the event of a real-world altercation. Fill out the short form below to learn more!
 Request More Information

 ## Learn For The First Time Or Take Your Skills To The Next Level With Our Adult Martial Arts Classes At Chay's Tae Kwon Do, you don't need any previous experience to excel in our Adult Martial Arts Classes. Men and women can jump in at any time and take on an exciting challenge with the help of our skilled instructors.
 You'll quickly learn the basics of Tae Kwon Do like:
 - Powerful strikes - Footwork and balance - Defense and blocking
 Plus, these high-energy classes will teach you how to react at a moment's notice if you ever need to defend yourself from an attacker. There's nothing more valuable than your personal safety.
 We'll help you stay confident and defend yourself with cutting-edge self-defense strategies.
 ## Ditch The Big Box Gym And Get Your Total-Body Workout In Our Adult Martial Arts Classes Near Racine Why waste hours on the treadmill when you could burn fat and build muscle while also mastering the art of Tae Kwon Do?
 Our Adult Martial Arts Classes push you like traditional fitness classes simply can't. And our professional staff works hard to scale every movement to meet the needs of all experience levels.
 In no time, you can get in great shape and relieve the stresses of your everyday life with our exciting Adult Martial Arts Classes.
 You'll enjoy:
 - Sustainable fat burn and weight control - Lean muscle gains and boosted strength - Improved cardiovascular health - Boosted athleticism and coordination
 At Chay's Tae Kwon Do, you'll walk away with more confidence and self-assurance than ever before.
 ## Make The Move Today. Join Us For The Best Adult Martial Arts Classes In and Near Racine! If you're not in love with your current training program, it's time for a change. Get the best workout in town and learn real-world self-defense skills today at Chay's Tae Kwon Do. Our Adult Martial Arts Classes in Racine are helping men, women, and teens get fit, stay safe, and build confidence in themselves. Are you ready to get started?
 Just fill out the short form on your screen now and we'll be happy to answer all of your questions right away!
 Request More Information

 ## Racine's Home for Family Martial Arts Request information

 When I saw the high quality of instruction that my son received in his first lesson at Chay's Tae Kwon Do, I immediately signed myself up as well. From the moment you step into the workout area to the time your lesson is complete not a moment is wasted; multiple patient, kind and skilled instructors segment the class by rank and bring you through a diverse series of exercises that ensure that no one lesson is the same as the one before it. I feel more fit than I have ever felt before, and I enjoy watching my son's confidence grow as his skills increase under the care of his instructors. Chay's Tae KwonDo is special, and I recommend that you come out and see it for yourself.

 When I started the Krav Maga program at Chays I was looking to learn a little self defense. I had no prior experience so I was pretty nervous.However, my nerves were quickly put to rest. I found the instructors as well as the students were very supportive and encouraging. The classes have a wide range of ages as well as fitness levels. The instructors are very knowledgeable in what they teach and always able to answer any question that I may have. They also do a great job in changing up the classes so they don't get boring and repetitive. I've been participating in the Krav Maga program for 12 years now. Thank you to Master Chay and his instructors for the years of great service!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
