---
source_url: https://www.teamplusone.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes-build-friendships-and-a-team-in-west-hartford-ct/
final_url: https://www.teamplusone.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes-build-friendships-and-a-team-in-west-hartford-ct/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:42.874Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes build friendships and a team in West Hartford CT Oct 19, 2018
 —
 by
 James Revillini
 in Martial Arts , Uncategorized

 In a previous article called Brazilian Jiu Jitsu: The Benefits , we touched on many ways that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can improve your life. One of the special qualities that many folks find in a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class at our West Hartford academy is the team-building.
 BJJ as a martial art is very hands-on – in fact, it’s hands-, feet-, legs-, arms-, body-, and head-on to be precise – and as a part of every class, there is time to practice techniques in sparring matches. Physically, it’s a negotiation: two people squaring off with a goal of keeping themselves safe while rendering the opponent unable to continue. This happens due to submission holds in most cases, and the opponent will “tap-out” to indicate that they are surrendering the match to you.
 Beyond the physical, there is the mental and emotional component. Practitioners are also negotiating with a partner, not just an opponent. We foster an attitude and environment of safety and friendliness and good sportsmanship. Thus, a match may begin with a dialogue regarding what they wish to work on, how hard they wish to go, and areas of their body which may be more susceptible to injury so that both practitioners are aware of each other’s needs and what to watch out for.
 As you might imagine, the repetition of doing this results in a lot of awareness and sensitivity toward one another. The BJJ classmates naturally gravitate toward a feeling of being a part of a team. Off the mats, there is often further dialog about aspects of the match, what was going on in each persons head, and there is an honesty there which is refreshing and encouraging. You may even begin to consider a classmate a great friend! Totally natural! It is one of the wonderful benefits and side-effects of taking a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class!
 We welcome you to try a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class for free at Plus One Defense Systems in West Hartford. See you there!

 brazilian jiu jitsu brazilian jiu jitsu class
