---
source_url: https://www.teamplusone.com/yoga-kickboxing-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-and-karate-classes-all-under-one-roof-in-west-hartford-ct/
final_url: https://www.teamplusone.com/yoga-kickboxing-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-and-karate-classes-all-under-one-roof-in-west-hartford-ct/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:42.977Z
---

# Yoga, Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Karate classes all under one roof in West Hartford, CT Nov 10, 2018
 —
 by
 James Revillini
 in Martial Arts

 Finding the right martial arts academy is important. Plus One Defense Systems in West Hartford, CT offers martial arts classes in many different styles- all for one price. We have been in business for almost 20 years and have cultivated an environment of respect, safety, cleanliness, and professionalism. We pride ourselves on our customer service and quality instruction in every martial arts class.
 ## Martial Arts and Yoga Classes Train in one or several martial arts styles – the cost of your membership does not change . We take this approach because we encourage members of our martial arts academy to try everything, decide what is the best fit for them, and succeed in their goals.
 - Kung fu - Karate/Kenpo - Krav maga - Brazilian jiu jitsu - MMA - Yoga - Kickboxing - Aikido - Taekwondo - Sho Biyn Jiu - Capoeira
 ## Martial Arts Classes for All We have childrens’ martial arts classes, junior martial arts classes, and adult martial arts classes. Most classes are co-ed, however we do have a Women’s Brazilian Jiujitsu program as well.
 Fitness Classes and Gym Kickboxing Brazilian Jiu-jitsu Boxing Womens BJJ Karate/Kenpo
 ### We have a full featured gym which is open 6 days per week Our gym is top-notch with everything from free-weights to stationary bicycles. Our facility also has men’s and women’s showers, so you can train, clean up, and get back to your day.
 ## Try a free introductory session, meet the staff, and tour our 10000 sq. ft. facility Click here to register for a FREE introductory session. There is no obligation, but we are confident you’ll love our classes and training!

 karate classes kickboxing classes martial arts academy martial arts classes martial arts training martial arts west hartford
