---
source_url: https://www.teamplusone.com
final_url: https://www.teamplusone.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:43.028Z
---

## Your martial arts journey begins here ### Get your free intro class in 60 seconds or less Sign Up NOW

 ## PLUS ONE DEFENSE SYSTEMS:THE MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL THAT GETS IT. At Plus One Defense Systems, our team is dedicated to your success . We support your training and personal development. We understand YOU.
 - Our philosophy is one of peace, awareness, and preparedness. - Training is real. Techniques are based in what works. - We honor tradition and adapt. - We encourage training in multiple styles.
 ### Join Team Plus One #### Your journey into Martial Arts starts here. Sign up for a FREE CLASS

 ## State of the Art Facility We have one of the TOP training facilities in the nation – clean, safe, and fully equipped !

 ## State of the Art Facility 3 Training Rooms · 10000 ft 2 · MMA Cage · Boxing Ring · Locker Room · Private Showers · Cardio Machines · Free Weights
 Take a Tour

 ## Free Class We’re certain you’ll love learning from our talented team. Take a FREE class today in the style of your choice.

 ## Free Class Take a free class in krav maga, kickboxing, brazilian jiu jitsu, and more! Your class is tailored to your interests. We know you’ll love Plus One Defense Systems. Sign up today!
 Sign Up

 ## Class Schedule Many martial arts classes to choose from. You can mix + match AT NO EXTRA COST .

 ## Class Schedule Take Krav Maga and BJJ this week … then Kung fu and Aikido next week!
 ALL STYLES · ONE ROOF · ONE PRICE
 View Class Schedule

 ## Trust the Ratings Read the reviews. Plus One Defense Systems is more than a martial arts academy .
 We offer more than just self defense .
 We’re a team. We’re a family .
 We aim to have the highest level of professionalism, friendliness, and real martial arts training.

 My 15 year old daughter has been training at Plus One for a few years now and she loves it! She has benefited so much physically and personally from their programs. The staff is excellent and the gym is always very clean. We have had a wonderful experience there!
 ##### Jessica
 I’m traveling for work and I stopped by Plus One Defense Systems school to check it out. I was blown away at how incredibly nice and welcoming everyone was from white belts to black belts. The instructions were clear, the techniques were detailed, and the rolls were amazing. Great technical and hard rolls, beautiful and clean facility, all belt levels, and kind people. Can’t really beat that. Come train!
 ##### Pasha
 I’ve been training at Plus One Defense Systems in Krav Maga for a few weeks now, and it’s been a great experience. It’s scary to be a female sometimes (and a human in general for that matter), and it’s good to be able to learn how to defend myself from real world situations.
 ##### Marissa

 FOLLOW

 - Aikido and Jujutsu Aikido techniques redirect the momentum of an opponent’s attack, concluding with a throw or joint lock. This modern Japanese martial art form is a great addition to any self defense training. Explore Classes - Boxing Boxers train in offensive and defensive hand techniques, footwork, speed, agility and develop overall body strength. These are essential skills for this sport as well as MMA, Muay Thai Kickboxing, and others. Explore Classes - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian jiu jitsu focuses on ground work, close-quarter combat, evasion and submission. Knowing how to defend yourself is imperative to your safety. BJJ is becoming a very popular sport and competitions are growing internationally. Explore Classes - Capoeira This is a Brazilian style with African roots that utilizes a lot of ground maneuvers, aerial work, and dance type motions. It is a martial art that utilizes dance and acrobatics as its medium. The system is absolutely beautiful. Explore Classes - Fitness & Training While not a martial art form, kettlebell training is a preferred strength and conditioning practice of many martial arts styles. Explore Classes - Karate/Kenpo While there are many different styles, karate in general tends to be a striking art that focuses energy in linear motion. Great for kids and adults alike, and a fantastic place to start your martial arts journey! Explore Classes - Kickboxing Our kickboxing classes are fun, high-intensity, and have many useful applications. You can learn kickboxing both for self defense and also overall health. Build total body strength, self confidence, agility, speed, and balance today. Explore Classes - Krav Maga Krav Maga is an Israeli self-defense system that focuses on real-world, scenario-based strategies and tactics, including weapons defense. Our classes focus on techniques you can use to stay safe and they are also a great workout. Explore Classes - Kung Fu Kung Fu can be translated as “HARD WORK” is a great form of exercise that involves lots of aerobic activity. You will develop flexibility, speed, and powerful attacks and defenses as you practice the traditional forms of this ancient style. Explore Classes - Mixed Martial Arts MMA utilizes a combination of several martial art fighting styles in a ring match. Bouts are fought in our regulation-sized OCTAGON CAGE. Fighters can find everything they need to train in MMA for fun or get ready for the ring. Explore Classes - Muay Thai Kickboxing Our kickboxing classes are fun, high-intensity, and have many useful applications. You can learn kickboxing both for self defense and also overall health. Build total body strength, self confidence, agility, speed, and balance today. Explore Classes - Sho Biyn Ju Sho Biyn Jiu translates to “First Understand Peace.” This system incorporates aspects of Chinese Kung-Fu, Muay Thai, Ed Parker’s Kenpo, Tae Kwon Do, Judo, Jiujitsu, and American Boxing. Explore Classes - Silat This Indonesian-based system utilizes sticks (usually 24 to 26 inches in length) and also various types of knives and blades. It’s exceptional art to learn if you are in the military, on the police force, or security personnel. Explore Classes - Taekwondo Tae Kwon Do is an Olympic sport and a Korean form of martial arts. Our junior classes are fun and energetic, teaching defensive skills, forms, and the character-building tenets of Tae Kwon Do. Explore Classes

 # Welcome to YOUR DOJO If this is your first visit to the site, I’m delighted that you’re taking the initial steps to becoming a martial artist!
 When it comes to training, strength is often shown primarily with having the courage to begin. Whether you are five years old or seventy-five, your journey at Plus One will provide you with many great benefits.
 For kids, our programs are focused on building character , improving attention span, focus, physical fitness, and self-control, while providing personal safety techniques. We do this through a myriad of martial arts systems and provide a great deal of opportunities for young people to train in various styles.
 For adults, we continue our focus on bringing you all the benefits that the arts have to offer, including personal empowerment, heightened self-confidence, stress relief, physical conditioning, and personal safety instruction. We have a fantastically supportive atmosphere, and we offer an incredible variety of classes in multiple disciplines. Areas of instruction include: Kung-Fu , Muay Thai , Brazilian Jiujitsu , Capoeira , Karate , Judo, Mixed Martial Arts/MMA , Aikido , Jujutsu, Boxing/Kickboxing , Silat , Tae Kwon Do , Kettlebells , and Soft Style Arts . We are open six days a week , and we offer several flexible program options.
 I look forward to training with you!

 ## State of the Art Facilities We have 3 distinct training floors, a full boxing ring, a full MMA cage, private shower rooms, lockers, a full gym with cardio and weight machines, and free weights.
 Clean. Safe. Complete.
 Your membership entitles you to unlimited classes and full use of gym, lockers, and showers.

 Close | ✕
