---
source_url: http://www.bjjcork.com
final_url: https://www.bjjcork.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:16.493Z
---

#### JIU-JITSU IN THE HEART OF CORK

 # Beginners program18TH MAY

 register here

 ## An Academy that caters for Novice Beginners ## and Experienced Competitors

 ## Upcoming Events

 ##### SIGN UP TO OUR next 6 WEEK beginner PROGRAM (sHORTS & t-SHIRT)18TH MAY 2 CLASSES PER WEEK (6 WEEKS) - MON & WED 6:15PM
 CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW TO PURCHASE OR EMAIL US FOR MORE INFORMATION

 Purchase beginner program €90

 ##### Learn The grappling basics qualified instruction from the home of european champions ARE YOU LOOKING FOR MORE INFORMATION BEFORE YOU PURCHASE? SIMPLY SEND US AN EMAIL BY CLICKING THE LINK BELOW.

 Email BJJCORK Here

 SHARING JIU-JITSU FOR SPORT

 Learn More

 ## bjjcork is associated to pedro bessa bjj

 BJJCORK, A Jiu-Jitsu Academy in the heart of Cork. Certified Professional Coaching that caters to both beginners and seasoned competitors. Over 20 years of experience in Jiu-jitsu.
 Liam Beechinor (3rd Degree Black Belt) IBJJF European Champion. Head Coach & Director of BJJCORK.
 Ryan Scully (Brown Belt) – Active Competitor and Coach – ADCC Ireland Medalist – Grappling Industries Medalist
 David Dupont (Brown Belt and Experienced Strength & Conditioning Coach for the City of Cork ), Expert in nutrition and Personnel Training for BJJ/MMA competitors.
 Jessica Shine (Brown Belt ) , Irish Open Champion, Grapping Industries Champion
 Edvardas Kirsanskas (Purple Belt) is an active national and international competitor, representing BJJ Cork at events such as IBJJF, AJP Pro, the Irish Open, and Grappling Series. Grappling Series Middle Weight and Open Weight Champion.
 Wendel Bila (Black Belt) is an active national and international competitor, representing BJJ Cork , in IBJJF and Sub Only Events.

 Learn more
