---
source_url: https://fellowshipjiujitsu.com/teens-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://fellowshipjiujitsu.com/teens-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:40.752Z
---

Pricing starts at $7/day!

 Pricing starts at $7/day!

 (941) 699-3858

 (941) 699-3858

 Menu

 # Teens Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Does Your Teenager Need Help Becoming Their Best Selves?

 Teenagers are smart and capable – but they can also be their own worst enemies. Between peer pressure, their innate urge to rebel against their parents, and their surging hormones, they can be impossible to be around. But all they need is an outlet for their frustrations – and an opportunity to learn how to be their best.

 ## Fill Out the Form to GET MORE INFORMATION!

 ##### DOES YOUR TEEN NEED

 ## HELP IN ONE OF THESE AREAS?

 They make hasty, poorly-considered decisions and need to have better judgment.

 They’re being bullied at school – or they’re the one doing the bullying. They don’t get enough exercise or need to lose weight.

 They have low self-esteem and seem to be down all the time. They give up when things get difficult and fail to meet their goals.

 ##### DOES YOUR CHILD HAVE

 ## RAISING A TEENAGER REQUIRES PERSISTENCE & PATIENCE

 It can test your sanity even at the best of times. Yet, you want the best for your teenager. You want them to have the tools they need to succeed now and later in life – and you’d like that to happen without having to pull out all your hair in the process. Getting them to do anything you want them to do can feel utterly impossible, and you’re not sure where to start.
 Studying martial arts helps kids learn how to overcome their problems and learn important lessons – the kind of lessons that will follow them to your home, to the classroom, and for the rest of their lives.

 ## YOUR TEEN WILL GROW WITH EVERY CLASS!

 Teenagers who study martial arts learn the benefits of self-control and discipline with every lesson. Our classes emphasize core values like discipline, respect, and persistence. Students learn that the way they treat others – in and out of the dojo – reflects on them as people and affects their ability to achieve their goals.

 ## LEARN THE VALUE OF RESPECTING THEMSELVES & OTHERS

 Teens sometimes seem to be all attitude and no respect – in fact, it can seem like they go out of the way to respect all authority figures.
 In our martial arts school, respect is a core discipline. Students must treat their instructor and fellow students with respect at all times.
 Ultimately, teens who study martial arts learn that when they respect themselves, others will respect them, too.

 ## JUDGMENT IS AN ESSENTIAL SKILL IN MARTIAL ARTS

 Whether they’re in a martial arts class or in a competition, the difference between a good performance and a poor one often comes down to judgment.
 Students learn how to make judgments on the fly using the information they have on hand in conjunction with their training.
 They also learn how to differentiate between good instincts and bad ones – and to use that information to make judgments.

 ## GET YOUR KIDS OFF THE COUCH AND INTO MARTIAL ARTS

 It might seem like your teenager would happily spend all day sitting on the couch playing video games or posting on social media.
 The electronics epidemic might be a good thing in many ways, but teenagers still need physical activity to stay fit and healthy.
 Martial arts classes provide teens with challenging workouts in a fun, social setting that rivals any video game.

 ## HOW TO SET (AND ACHIEVE) GOALS

 Teens sometimes seem not to care about setting goals either in the short-term or the long-term.
 The study of martial arts requires them to pursue goals on a regular basis. Each skill they learn, and each belt they earn, represents a goal that they have achieved.
 Goal-setting in this way provides teens with the tools they need to set achievable goals in school, at home, and in life.

 ## Fill Out the Form to GET MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 My teen doesn’t respect me at all. Can studying martial arts change that?
 Yes. Respect is a core value in our martial arts school, and all students learn to respect their instructors, fellow students, and their parents.

 I can’t believe how poor my teen’s judgment is. Can studying martial arts make a difference?
 Yes. Martial arts classes require teens to learn and then apply lessons to decisions in real time in our martial arts school. That’s a skill that they will carry with them everywhere they go.

 Will taking martial arts classes make my teenager less prone to making careless and thoughtless decisions?
 We teach teenagers the value of respect, discipline, and judgment, and they learn that knee-jerk decisions are often not the right ones.

 My teenager feels like they have a target on their back. How can studying martial arts help?
 Teens who study martial arts learn to carry themselves with strength and confidence, and that makes them less likely to be targeted by bullies. They also learn how to defend themselves if necessary.

 My teenager spends all day playing video games – won’t they resist the idea of taking a fitness class?
 They might – but martial arts classes are fun and social, and kids also see them as cool. We’re used to a little resistance, but we also know how to get teens interested in what we teach, and keep them interested.

 My teenager starts things and gives them up all the time. Why should I expect martial arts to be different?
 Teens who want to excel in martial arts must make a commitment to continued study. We can’t guarantee that your teen will stick to it, but we can tell you that our instructors encourage persistence and teach teens that they can’t achieve their goals if they give up.

 ## More Benefits

 Bad attitudes are not tolerated in our martial arts school, and kids learn that respect is a requirement in life.

 Teens learn that carelessness can be costly.

 Martial arts classes build strength.

 Martial arts classes help teens build and tone their muscles.

 ##### Text Us 24/7

 #### 941-699-3858

 ##### Our Location

 #### 4401 Ashton Rd, Sarasota, FL 34233

 ##### Working hours

 #### DAILY: 10AM - 8:30PM

 Facebook Twitter Youtube

 At Fellowship Jiu-Jitsu Sarasota we strive to provide the highest quality jiu-jitsu and self defense training in a fun, safe environment. Whether you are looking to improve your self defense capabilities, lose weight, or bullyproof your child, our dedicated instructors will guide you towards achieving your goals! The Fellowship Jiujitsu Sarasota lineage goes back to Helio Gracie.

 ©2024 Fellowship Jiu-Jitsu Sarasota

 Developed by Simple Disciplines
