---
source_url: https://fellowshipjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://fellowshipjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:40.790Z
---

Pricing starts at $7/day!

 Pricing starts at $7/day!

 (941) 699-3858

 (941) 699-3858

 Menu

 # Reach your full potential with Fellowship Jiu-Jitsu Sarasota!

 Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!

 ## Fill Out the Form to GET MORE INFORMATION!

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 #### Juniors Jiu-Jitsu

 View Program

 #### Teens Jiu-Jitsu

 View Program

 #### Adult Jiu-Jitsu

 View Program

 #### Women's Jiu-Jitsu

 View Program

 ##### BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES

 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE!

 Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the academy and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.s.

 VIEW OUR KIDS JIU-JITSU PROGRAM

 ##### GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS

 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH

 Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!

 VIEW OUR ADULTS JIU-JITSU PROGRAM

 ##### Text Us 24/7

 #### 941-699-3858

 ##### Our Location

 #### 4401 Ashton Rd, Sarasota, FL 34233

 ##### Working hours

 #### DAILY: 10AM - 8:30PM

 Facebook Twitter Youtube

 At Fellowship Jiu-Jitsu Sarasota we strive to provide the highest quality jiu-jitsu and self defense training in a fun, safe environment. Whether you are looking to improve your self defense capabilities, lose weight, or bullyproof your child, our dedicated instructors will guide you towards achieving your goals! The Fellowship Jiujitsu Sarasota lineage goes back to Helio Gracie.

 ©2024 Fellowship Jiu-Jitsu Sarasota

 Developed by Simple Disciplines
