---
source_url: http://www.buffalobjj.com/Programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: http://www.buffalobjj.com/Programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:28.365Z
---

- Skip to main content
 Log in 0 Checkout There is no item in the cart SocialSite Programs Birthday Parties Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Muay Thai Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Web Promo More​ |

 Capture

 Capture

 Current Record Id Current Object Id

 716-771-3046 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Buffalo Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a self defense martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting with the goal of ending a fight by gaining a dominant position from which to apply a submission hold to disable an attacker. The art is derived from Judo and enables a smaller, weaker person to defend themselves against a bigger, stronger assailant by using superior body positioning, leverage and technique. BJJ can be trained for self defense, sport grappling tournaments (gi and no-gi) and mixed martial arts (MMA) competition. Sparring and live drilling play a major role in training, and a premium is placed on performance, especially in competition. Hours of Operations : * Adults : - Monday12pm-2pm and 6pm-8 pm - Tuesday 12pm-2pm and 6pm-8pm - Wednesday 12pm-2pm and 6pm-8pm - Thursday closed - Friday 12pm-2pm and 6pm-8pm - Saturday 12pm - 2 pm - Sunday 10am - 12pm | 716-771-3046 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Buffalo Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a self defense martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting with the goal of ending a fight by gaining a dominant position from which to apply a submission hold to disable an attacker. The art is derived from Judo and enables a smaller, weaker person to defend themselves against a bigger, stronger assailant by using superior body positioning, leverage and technique. BJJ can be trained for self defense, sport grappling tournaments (gi and no-gi) and mixed martial arts (MMA) competition. Sparring and live drilling play a major role in training, and a premium is placed on performance, especially in competition. Hours of Operations : * Adults : - Monday12pm-2pm and 6pm-8 pm - Tuesday 12pm-2pm and 6pm-8pm - Wednesday 12pm-2pm and 6pm-8pm - Thursday closed - Friday 12pm-2pm and 6pm-8pm - Saturday 12pm - 2 pm - Sunday 10am - 12pm

 Powered by PerfectMIND Business Software

 Version 9.5
 Live GA ( 9.5.9.0 )
 Built 0 on April 08, 05:09 PM
