---
source_url: http://cheesemanmartialarts.com
final_url: https://cheesemanmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:31.519Z
---

Skip to content Facebook Product-hunt Instagram Youtube

 CALL US TODAY (757)825-6013

 ##### WELCOME TO

 # CHEESEMAN MARTIAL ARTS

 # BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 ##### School of the Golden Tiger

 Join Us Now!

 Name
 Number
 Email
 Message
 Send

 #### Veteran owned & operated

 Prior Marine Corps Hand-to-Hand Combat Instructor, Army Combative Instructor

 #### combative specialization

 Self-defense Focus with an Emphasis on Personal Growth & Goal Achievement

 #### community focused

 Dedicated to Helping Others Achieve Their Full Potential in MMA & Beyond

 ##### Welcome to Cheeseman martial arts

 ### We Provide powerful training, education and motivation

 “[This] studio is a great choice for invigorating and dynamic workouts for all ages” - Lalita Lucas

 Embrace the opportunity to amplify your full potential with a wide range of fitness, karate, and Brazilian jiu jitsu classes from Cheeseman Martial Arts in Hampton, VA. We offer MMA classes for adults and kids ages 5 and up. Visit us today to learn more and try your first class for free!

 ##### Our CLasses

 ### master your training with Professionals

 #### SHORIN-RYU MMAJR TIGERS 7 TO 14

 ## Mon. Wed. 5:50pm-6:25pm

 Learn More

 #### SHORIN-RYU MMA ADULTTIGERS 15 & UP

 ## Mon. Wed. 7:15pm-8:10pm

 Learn More

 #### SHORIN-RYU MMA LITTLE TIGERSTO 5 AND 6 YEARS OLD

 ## Mon. Wed. 5:15pm-5:40pm

 Learn More

 #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU FSDA(15 AND UP)

 ## Tues. Thu. 6:10pm-6:50pm

 Learn More

 #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU SELF DEFENSE FOR KIDS AND TEENAGERS AGES 7 TO 16

 ## Tue. Thu. 6:10pm-6:50pm

 Learn More

 #### STREET READINESS SELFDEFENSE

 ## Online @Patreon

 Learn More

 ##### Testimonials

 ### What our clients say about us

 John Marolles     
 Read More

 I can’t say enough good things about Kyoshi and what he’s done for my daughter. Not only is she learning how to better defend herself each session but the greatest part is how it’s helped her grow as a person. Before starting my daughter was very shy and timid but now after nearly a year of training shes become so much more confident and outgoing. She‘s really come out her shell and the only thing I can attribute that to is this place. Phenomenal job Kyoshi! Keep doing Gods work. This community needs you. I have 2 more coming up after Laina!

 Cori Fonville     
 Read More

 We just renewed for our 3rd year of Jiujitsu. We had tried so many other sports and coaches and nothing was a better fit for my family than Cheeseman. From the martial arts to the discipline and fun. My son loves going and asks to go to every extra class he can. He even likes to go to the special camps hosted during school breaks. I cant recommend this place enough.

 Biram D     
 Read More

 I started at Cheeseman Martial Arts 4 months ago to learn more about self defense and improve more health. I wish I would've done it sooner, decision I made! Kyoshi Cheeseman is is a great mentor. He's super knowledgeable, and knows how to connect with his students. I have been recommending this school to everyone around me!

 Kayla Schotz     
 Read More

 Mr. Cheeseman is absolutely amazing! He is engaging, motivating, and so great with the kids. My son was really struggling with handling his emotions and karate lessons twice a week with Mr. Cheeseman gave him the outlet he needed with some focus and a little bit of discipline. Thanks for having such an amazing program!!

 Jeffrey Hunter     
 Read More

 Simply one of the best martial arts academies I’ve ever had the pleasure training at. Kyoshi Cheeseman is an amazing instructor that goes above and beyond for his students! It’s a pleasure to have trained with him!

 Previous
 Next

 ##### Why choose cheeseman martial arts

 ### dedicated commitment to your growth

 As a military veteran and 3rd generation student of 10th Dan Hanshi Shugoro Nakazato, Kyoshi R.A. Cheeseman is passionate about the integrity of his business and brings a technical and focused level of attention to every class and program.

 ##### Get signed up in our Two Week Trial and Receive a

 ### FREE TRAINING UNIFORM

 Contact Now!

 Empowering children and adults through education, training, and personal support in Mixed Martial Arts.

 ##### Contact

 - (757) 825-6013 - cheesemankarate@gmail.com - 4126 West Mercury Blvd Hampton VA 23666

 ##### About

 - About - About - Contact

 ##### Social Media

 Facebook Instagram Youtube Product-hunt

 Copyright ©2024 Cheeseman Martial Arts. All Rights Reserved
