---
source_url: http://ecjja.com
final_url: https://www.ecjja.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:15.874Z
---

ADULT INTRODUCTORY COURSE
 ADULT INTRODUCTORY COURSE

 BECOME A MEMBER
 BECOME A MEMBER

 BOOK A KIDS TRIAL CLASS
 BOOK A KIDS TRIAL CLASS

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 ✦
 NOGI GRAPPLING
 ✦
 WRESTLING
 ✦
 BEGINNERS
 ✦
 PRO TEAM
 ✦
 KIDS
 ✦
 TEENS
 ✦
 ADULTS
 ✦

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU ✦ NOGI GRAPPLING ✦ WRESTLING ✦ BEGINNERS ✦ PRO TEAM ✦ KIDS ✦ TEENS ✦ ADULTS ✦

 We pride ourselves in providing a welcoming environment both for those who are experienced martial artists, and those that are trying jiu jitsu for the first time. Our students come from all walks of life, from ages of 5 to 60+.
 We understand trying out jiu jitsu for the first time can be intimidating. That’s why our jiu jitsu beginner program is designed to introduce fundamental techniques, and principles to new practitioners. Led by experienced instructors, this program focuses on building a strong foundation while providing a supportive learning environment for students of all levels. Whether you are completely new to jiu jitsu or transitioning from a sport, our beginner program offers a structured approach to help you develop your skills and confidence on the mats.

 # OUR MISSION AT ECJJA

 # JUNIOR KIDS 5-7 YEARS

 In addition to technical training, the classes emphasize important values such as respect, teamwork, and perseverance, instilling positive character traits that extend beyond the mat. Through interactive drills, games, and partner exercises, kids build coordination, balance, and agility while fostering friendships and social skills.

 # SENIOR KIDS 8-13 YEARS

 Whether your child is new to martial arts or already has some experience, these classes provide a supportive and nurturing environment for growth and development. With an emphasis on building a strong foundation in Jiu-Jitsu while having fun, the Kids and Teens Classes at East Coast Jiu Jitsu Academy help young students unlock their full potential on and off the mat.

 # MEET YOUR INSTRUCTORS

 MARCUS PHELAN, JIU JITSU BLACK BELT, HEAD COACH

 NEIL MCGWYNNE, JIU JITSU BLACK BELT

 ADAM LARKIN, JIU JITSU BLACK BELT

 ## “ THE BEST JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN IRELAND, WITH GREAT COACHES & TRAINING PARTNERS, NOW IN AN EVEN BETTER LOCATION! “

 MEMBER TESTIMONIAL

 # VISIT EAST COAST JIU JITSU Unit 3, Marine Walk, Marine Rd,
 Dun Laoghaire, Dublin, Ireland
 A96 CYV6
 eMail
 info@ecjja.com
