---
source_url: http://www.fishersmartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://fishersmartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:18.766Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Fishers ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Select nearest location Fishers Elite Martial Arts Fishers BJJ & Boxing
 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Fishers Elite Martial Arts and Fishers BJJ & Boxing. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Fishers Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Fishers! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 #### Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Fishers will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 #### Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Fishers Elite Martial Arts and Fishers BJJ & Boxing Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In - Fishers Elite Martial Arts - Fishers BJJ & Boxing

 ## Join Us Here In Fishers For The Best Martial Arts Training In Town! Request information

 This place is amazing! Everyone there is very welcoming and they want to help you improve and be the best not only Martial Artist but the best person you can be!! Family friendly classes and also skill level based classes so you can advance at your own pace!! The instructors here have helped mold me into the person I am today! very successful program!!

 Every great gym starts first with the people. And let me just say that the people here are phenomenal. I have just recently started, but let me say this is the one stop shop if you want to train and learn ju-jitsu, muay thai, and boxing. I love it. This is the spot to be.

 We have taken our boys to Fishers Martial Arts for more than 10 years and have been very pleased with the experience. It has helped them develop martial arts skills, but more importantly, helped instill self-confidence and discipline. Our youngest son has special needs, and Kasi Young and the other instructors have done a phenomenal job working with him and helping him develop physically and cognitively.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
