---
source_url: https://www.nolamma.com
final_url: https://www.nolamma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:55.749Z
---

# “HARD WORK & DISCIPLINE IS OUR CULTURE”

 All classes are operating on our regular schedule
 •

 All classes are operating on our regular schedule •

 ## FITNESS • SELF-DEFENSE • CONFIDENCE NOLA MMA offers a comprehensive program that incorporates all aspects of mixed martial arts including Muay Thai, Jiu Jitsu, and Wrestling. We also specialize in running fight camps, conditioning, cornering, nutrition and safe weight cutting for those that wish to compete, as well as casual training for those looking to stay in shape while learning effective self defense. We work with ALL experience levels.
 Instructors Ray Lopez (BJJ Black Belt, professional MMA Fighter, Head Instructor, Coach) and Ryan’O’Toole (BJJ Purple Belt, Tai Chi Black Sash, professional MMA Fighter, Instructor, Coach) have over 45 years of martial arts training between them and are fully invested in bringing out your full potential as a fighter.
 Train with us in a structured environment where safety is the #1 priority, and hard work and discipline are the culture.

 # The nola mma coaching staff

 ### RAY LOPez Ray is the Head Instructor and co-owner of Nola MMA. He earned his Jiu Jitsu Blue Belt and Purple Belt under Plinio Cruz (NYC), and his Brown Belt and Black Belt under Matthias Meister (New Orleans). He is a professional grappler and MMA/Bare Knuckle fighter, and has fought in the BKFC.

 ### Ryan O’Toole Ryan is the Assistant Coach and co-owner of Nola MMA. He is a Jiu Jitsu Purple Belt under Ray Lopez, and a Tai Chi Black Sash under Sifu Richard Wong (San Francisco). He is also a professional Kickboxer and MMA fighter known for his aggressive and exciting style,

 ### Anthony Woods Anthony is a Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Ray Lopez.

 DUKE SENSLEY
 Duke is a professional MMA fighter, boxer, kickboxer, and World Ranked Bare Knuckle boxer. He has fought in the BKFC, and has won numerous MMA and Bare Knuckle Championships. He is also a Sugar Bert Champion He is a Purple Belt under Ray Lopez.

 ### Jaden Forte Jaden is a Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Ray Lopez.

 ## COMMON QUESTIONS Trying any martial arts class for the first time can be very scary.
 WE UNDERSTAND!
 It’s probably a lot more intimidating if you’ve ever seen an MMA/UFC fight, been attacked before or if you are new to this type of training or exercise.
 The only thing scarier however, is being in a situation where you may need these skills and don’t have them...
 Let’s address a few frequently asked questions that many people have:
 Do I need to be in shape?
 If you are already in shape, we are going to push you to the limit and beyond. If you’re not - don’t worry! The majority of us aren’t on our first day of class or after a long layoff. Our instructors will tailor every movement to complement your skill level and before you know it, the improvements will be noticeable! The best way to get in shape for this... IS TO DO THIS!
 Will I get hurt?
 Like any physical activity, there is always risk of injury whether it's yoga, spinning, jogging, or boxing. We pride ourselves on conducting classes in a safe manner, never expecting students to do anything they aren't ready for, and keeping a low injury rate.
 What do I wear?
 A t-shirt/rash guard (no tank tops during grappling classes), board shorts/athletic shorts/vale tudo shorts, spats and gi/sweat pants are all acceptable.
 Do NOT wear anything with extra pockets, belt loops or baggy fabric. These are dangerous since fingers and toes can get caught in them. Baggy cargo shorts are a common example of what not to wear.
 PLEASE NOTE: Personal hygiene is of the utmost importance! Make sure your finger and toe nails are well-groomed. If you have long hair, you’ll want to put it up in a ponytail or bun during class. You should also remove any piercings to prevent injuries. Please wash your training attire before using it again.
 What is MMA?
 Mixed martial arts (MMA) is a full-contact combat sport that allows both striking and grappling, both standing and on the ground, using techniques from other combat sports and martial arts including but not limited to Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, Boxing, Wrestling and Capoeira.
 Equipment needed. Attire from above, mouthpiece 4 oz. gloves, Muay Thai shinguards. Headgear is optional.
 What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian jiu-jitsu is a martial art and combat sport system that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves or another against a bigger, stronger, heavier assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint locks and chokeholds to defeat the opponent.
 Equipment needed. Attire from above, mouthpiece is optional.
 What is Muay Thai?
 Muay Thai or Thai boxing is a combat sport of Thailand that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. This physical and mentally demanding discipline is known as "the art of eight limbs" because it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees, shins, as well as being associated with good physical preparation that makes a full-contact fighter very efficient.
 Equipment needed. Attire from above, mouthpiece, 16 oz. gloves, Muay Thai shinguards. Headgear is optional.
 What is Combat BJJ?
 Combat Jiu Jitsu is a blend of grappling and striking. The rule set allows for fighters to use open hand slaps to any part of their opponents when the fight is on the ground. While on the feet, standard grappling rules apply. The basis for this is to better prepare grapplers for MMA and become a stepping stone to move from grappling to MMA.
 Equipment needed. Attire from above, mouthpiece is recommended.
 What is Wrestling?
 Wrestling is a combat sport involving grappling techniques such as clinch fighting, throws and takedowns, joint locks, pins and other grappling holds. A wrestling bout is an intensely physical and mental competition, between two competitors who attempt to gain and maintain a superior position. There are a wide range of styles with varying rules with both traditionally historic and modern styles. Wrestling techniques have been incorporated into MMA and is considered a foremost pillar of the sport.
 Equipment needed. Attire from above. Wrestling shoes, mouthpiece and ear guards/wrestling headgear are optional.
 What is Capoeira?
 Please visit www.nolacapoeira.com for more info on the incredible Brazilian martial art!

 # Contact Us Please do not hesitate to reach out to us with any questions or concerns. We are happy to help with any information you may not have already found on our site!

 # ### NOLA MMA 401 North Galvez St.
 New Orleans, LA 70119
 e. info@nolamma.com
