---
source_url: http://csbjj.com
final_url: https://csbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:27.800Z
---

Try a Free Week! Contact Us

 ## Train and Learn With Colorado Springs Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Colorado Springs Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is an affiliate school of renowned black belt Rigan Machado. We have a supportive and passionate community, and a safe training environment where all ages alike can enjoy learning Jiu-Jitsu and other martial arts together! We encourage our students to remain physically fit, maintain self-discipline, and spend the majority of each class on technique -- we want to provide high-quality instruction but also make sure that training is fun!
 At Colorado Springs Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we’re dedicated to providing world-class martial arts training for all ages and skill levels. Our programs include Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi and No-Gi), wrestling, and kickboxing, giving you a complete foundation in grappling and striking. Whether your goal is self-defense, competition, or fitness, our expert instructors will help you build real skills, improve your athleticism, and reach your full potential.
 If you're curious about Martial Arts training here in Colorado Springs, we're happy to sit down and talk about how fitness, self-defense skills, unwavering confidence, and pure fun all come together to craft an incredible training experience. Just fill out the short form below to reach out to our team about your interest in Martial Arts classes!
 Request More Information

 ## What We Offer!
