---
source_url: https://holycityjiujitsu.com/schedule%2Frates
final_url: https://holycityjiujitsu.com/schedule%2Frates
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:50.956Z
---

# Our Schedule

 Please note that clean gis and personal hygiene are mandatory . All surfaces will be disinfected before and after class., however if you are sick, or are in contact with people who are sick or at risk, please do not train.

 We look forward to seeing you, and hope everyone is staying safe and healthy.

 ## Our Classes #### Gi Class #### Gi Class #### Gi Class
 Our Gi classes provide students with a solid foundation of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu through basic theory, technique and principles, as well as positional sparring and drilling. Students wear the traditional jiu-jitsu gi while training.

 Ages 13+, all levels welcome.

 #### No Gi #### Gi Class #### Gi Class
 No Gi consists of traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training, without a gi (students typically wear rash guards or t-shirts and spats or shorts) . No Gi class is faster-paced with special emphasis on transitions due to lack of friction and grips typically provided by a gi. No Gi training helps students more effectively "chase" the next position or submission. We recommend training both gi and no gi.

 All ages and levels welcome .

 #### Open Mat #### Gi Class #### Open Mat
 Open mat is a self-paced open session where all are welcome to roll or drill. Open mats are a vital part of a student's jiu-jitsu training as they provide the opportunity to practice techniques learned during traditional classes as well as explore new moves. While open mats do not have a formal instruction, we always have at least two instructors available for answering questions and ensuring the safety and comfort of our students. All practitioners welcome.

 All ages welcome, at least two prior jiu jitsu classes recommended.

 ## CLASS FEES ###

 #### Unlimited Month to Month Training $125

 Access to all sessions - auto-pay renews monthly

 #### Unlimited 3 Months of Training $111

 Access to all sessions - auto-pay renews quarterly

 #### Teacher/Student Discount $99

 Auto-pay renews monthly

 First class is free! Come try us out!
