---
source_url: http://www.teamflojiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.teamflojiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:51.140Z
---

## Available Programs Team Flo offers a variety of programming focused on skill development, constant progression and growth for all ages and experience levels. If it’s your first time giving Team Flo a try, your first class is on us. Reach out and claim your free trial.

 Sign Up for your Free Trial
 Sign Up for your Free Trial

 ### Adult Beginner

 This is where it all starts! If you've never even stepped foot in a Jiu Jitsu gym our Adult Beginner’s class will be perfect for you. You’ll have a chance to learn in a fun, high-energy environment that focuses heavily on fundamentals. Everyone who trains remembers their first day on the mat - surround yourself with a group of people excited to share their passion and help you learn.

 ### Adult All Levels

 Put in the work to grow your technique and rank in our Adult All Levels class. In this class everyone’s the student and the teacher at some point when grappling with all belt ranks and experience levels. The programming is constantly evolving to keep all members progressing regardless of how long they’ve been in the game.

 <

 ### No Gi Training

 Become a well rounded grappler during our No Gi Training class. Without a Gi, you’ll have to expand your skillset to a wider range of grips and techniques to control your opponent. This fast paced training is for those looking to take their skills to the next level while practicing and learning with a group of high-energy, dedicated individuals.

 ### Kids Class

 Training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches skills that apply well beyond class time. Our Kid’s Class teaches the correlations between hard work and dedication to payoff and reward. We see our young grapplers build confidence through their training that carries over to school and home. Our classes are a lot of fun and give our kids an outlet and friendship in a safe environment.

 ### Class Schedule

 View fullsize
