---
source_url: http://www.hrksonoma.com
final_url: https://www.hrksonoma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:57.859Z
---

# Traditional Martial Arts

 ## April 25: Lincoln Family Taekwondo TourmanetMay 2: Tai Chi Master Class for Martial ArtistsMay 9: Formal TestingMay 16: Ring Officials TrainingJune 1-5: Summer CampJune 13: Ring Officials TrainingJune 20: Sonoma Invitational ChampionshipJuly 27-31: Summer Camp

 ##### Welcome to The Sonoma School of Martial Arts. We offer kids, teens and adults classes in Taekwondo, Kumdo, Hapkido, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and Self-Defense. Join us today--your first class is free!We are located at 18999 Sonoma Hwy, 12, Suite 110, Sonoma

 ## Voted "Best Martial Arts School in Sonoma County" 3 years in a row: 2023, 2024 and 2025!

 Hwa Rang Kwan, The School of Flowering Youth, is named after the Hwa Rang, the most famous warriors of ancient Korea. In 1961, the first Hwa Rang Kwan school in the West Coast was founded by Grand Master D.K. Shin. Our grandmaster, Kwan-Sa-Nim Robert Morey, a 7th Degree Black Belt, was and still is a student under Grand Master Shin. Master Morey founded Hwa Rang Kwan Napa in 2010 and Hwa Rang Kwan Sonoma in January 2021.
 We are a traditional Martial Arts school--we follow the tenets of Taekwondo of Courtesy, Integrity, Perseverance, Self-Control, and Indomitable Spirit. We practice in a respectful and welcoming environment where all students of all levels and ages are welcome. Following Grand Master Shin’s tradition, we teach Taekwondo, Hapkido and Kumdo. We also follow the traditional Olympic-style Taekwondo training that is officially recognized by the World Taekwondo Federation.

 ### “Excellence is not a skill, it’s an attitude” – Ralph Martson

 Get ready to tear down obstacles of the mind and body. We believe that succeeding in Martial Arts means opening your mind to self discovery and affirmation through physical training. So start your journey with us today.

 ###### TaekwondoOnce known as Korean Karate, Taekwondo is an ancient Korean martial art that features high-flying kicks and intricate punches. It is also an Olympic sport as well as an art that is practiced globally. It actually has roots in Hapkido but was separated into its own art in the mid XX century in order to showcase the long history of Korean martial arts. In addition to the physical aspect, Taekwondo is typically taught alongside values integrity and indomitable spirit, as well as life lessons such as honor and generosity.

 ###### HapkidoOne of original Korean martial arts dating back over 1,400 years, Hapkido now has elements of Judo and Jiu-Jitsu mixed in due to the occupations by Japan and China over the centuries. It is a hand-to-hand martial art that features joint locks, breaks and throws. Our students learn how to fall, roll and throw so that they can advanced to practical techniques that would be used in real life. Of course, we always stress that Hapkido should never be used unless absolutely necessary.

 ###### KumdoThe art of the Sword. In the early days of Hwa Rang Kwan, in the latter part of the XVIII century, weapons were scarce and, therefore, fighters relied on their fists and feet. One of the earlier invasions of Korea by Japan brought the Samurai sword to Korea and has remained a staple since. Our students begin their sword training by learning the basics of drawing and sheathing the swords, basic strikes, and forms. They advance to actual combat training using Nerf swords and, eventually, wooden ones.

 ###### Little TigersPerfect for introducing children as young as 4 to Martial Arts. They will learn the basic kicks, blocks and stances of Taekwondo all the while building confidence, learning discipline and understanding respect. We work with the children on developing motor skills, improve balance, coordination and agility. We also practice with nerf swords and nerf nunchucks. We play games and have fun. Kids will be awarded 5 belts during this program, starting with white, yellow white, green white and so on. By the end of the course they will transition to the older kids class having earned a yellow belt, knowing their first form and having built the foundations that will allow them to successfully continue their journey into Martial Arts.

 ###### Teens/Adults Because they have more stronger wrists and more developed bodies, teens and adults are able to execute more complex maneuvers in Taekwondo, Hapkido and Kumdo. Classes are more focused on real-life situations and are more dynamic.We also tailor our adult classes to be more age-appropriate. Although some of us would like to be younger, our bodies are not always in agreement but that doesn't mean we cannot learn and practice. Either way, we ensure that training at all ages and levels is done in a safe and rational way.

 ###### Competition TeamWe are members of the Northern California Taekwondo Association (NCTA) which boasts membership of over 30 schools and 600 competitors. Over the years, we have had our students place first, second and third multiple times in the NCTA Tournament Cup. We are planning on rebuilding our competition team post-pandemic and will look forward to compete not only in NCTA events but also other regional, state and national events, as students are willing and able to do so.

 ###### Brazilian Jiu-JitsuBJJ is a self-defense system, martial art and combat sport based on grappling, ground fighting, and submission holds. It is primarily a ground-based fighting style and focuses on taking one's opponent down to the ground, gaining a dominant position and using a number of techniques to force them into submission via joint locks, chokeholds or compression locks. It has its roots in Judo and Wrestling. Our classes are taught by black belt Edward Aguilar.

 ###### Chen Style Tai ChiChen Family Style Tai Chi is widely recognized as the original martial art dating to the early 1800's in Northern China. It is characterized by silk reeling, alternating fast and slow motions and bursts of power. Our classes are taught by Dr. Bob Bacher who has been practicing and teaching tai chi, qigong, meditation, karate, and yoga since 1969. He received the highest level training in Chen Family Village under the strict guidance of Grandmaster Wang Xi’an. He is an internationally recognized 20th generation lineage teacher of the original Chen family tai chi.

 ###### Rock Steady BoxingRock Steady Boxing is not just boxing--it is specifically designed to address Parkinson’s symptoms such as slow or small movements, imbalance, stiffness, flexed posture, and respiratory weakness. Our scientifically-based curriculum can be adapted to any level of Parkinson’s. Rock Steady Boxing changes the trajectory of Parkinson's disease.You can find more details on the website.
