---
source_url: http://www.sasteamsyracuse.com
final_url: https://www.sasteamsyracuse.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:49.809Z
---

SAS TEAM SYRACUSE

 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 WELCOME

 DIEGO RAMOS ACADEMY WILL TEACH YOU THE THE WORLD’S MOST EFFECTIVE MARTIAL ARTS – BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU. WE INVITE ADULTS AND CHILDREN OF ALL SKILL LEVELS. TRAINING WITH US NOT ONLY WILL MAKE YOU FEEL IN A BETTER PLACE, BUT WILL ALSO GET YOU IN A GOOD SHAPE. FOR COMPETITION OR FITNESS, YOU WILL MEET GREAT PEOPLE IN CLASS. LEARN SELF-DEFENSE, LOSE WEIGHT, AND BOOST YOUR CONFIDENCE. LEARN HOW TO DEFEND YOURSELF AND SUBMIT/DOMINATE YOUR OPPONENT. WITH DIEGO RAMOS, YOU WILL LEARN THE PURE AND AUTHENTIC BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU.

 philosophy

 OUR PHILOSOPHY AT SAS TEAM BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU IS TO MAKE CHAMPIONS ON AND OFF THE MATS. IT’S EASY TO RECEIVE A GOLD MEDAL OR BECOME A WORLD CHAMPION IN JIU-JITSU, SO OUR IDEA IS TO MAKE CHAMPIONS OFF THE MATS AS WELL. IT’S KNOWN THAT JIU-JITSU CAN BE TRANSLATED TO THE DAILY LIFE. IN JIU-JITSU, WE LEARN HOW TO SOLVE OUR PROBLEMS DURING THE SPARRING SESSIONS, SOLVING ONE PROBLEM AT A TIME, NOT LETTING OUR PROBLEMS AGGRAVATE US; THE SAME THING HAPPENS IN LIVES – IT’S APPLICABLE. HERE’S AN EXAMPLE: YOU’RE DRIVING YOUR CAR AND YOUR CAR IS MAKING A SMALL NOISE. IF YOU DON’T FIX IT, SOMETHING ELSE WILL START TO MAKE A NOISE, BUILDING UP TO MORE PROBLEMS. SOONER OR LATER, YOUR CAR WILL STOP WORKING. WHEN YOU START LEARNING JIU-JITSU, YOU LEARN THAT SOLVING ONE PROBLEM AT A TIME CAN HELP YOU FIND PEACE, AND THE PROBLEMS THAT USED TO BUILD UP OR GET YOU AGGRAVATED WILL NO LONGER BE A STRESS.

 training programs

 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 KIDS BJJ

 NO-GI

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 "Great Jiu Jitsu and very clean space! Wide variety of practitioners, guys and gals, competitors or folks just staying in shape from beginner to black belt!"
 -Cody Daniels

 "Wonderful mats and everyone is very team and beginner friendly. There are no egos and anyone can walk in and learn the sport and the art of defense from some truly talented people!"
 -Peter Alexander

 "Great space, very clean, awesome instructor. I visited a couple other gyms before getting a membership and this was my favorite."
 -Pat Splat

 beginners program
 Avaliable

 ## Schedule a Free Class
 3507 James St
 East Syracuse-

 315 418 8769

 sasteamsyracuse@gmail.com

 - - - -

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Message
 Send
 Thanks for submitting!
