---
source_url: http://www.rollingbearbjj.com
final_url: https://rollingbearbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:23.242Z
---

##### Click here for our female only program!

 # Kenilworth's Premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 ### Experience Kenilworth’s leading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy for adults and kids – Rolling Bear Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Learn self-defense, build strength, and join our vibrant community!

 Want more information?
 Fill out the form below to learn more about our program and what we can offer! Someone will be in touch with you within 24-48 hours to assist you with your questions!

 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
 BJJ in? Phone
 Name * First
 Last

 Phone *
 Email *
 What BJJ program are you interested in? Cub Club I (K4-6) Cub Club II (K6-10) Young Bears (K10-15) Adults Program (16+) Women's Jiu-Jitsu (16+)
 By submitting this form, you agree to receive phone calls, text messages or emails from Rolling Bear Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Your information will never be shared or disclosed with anyone. Standard rates may apply.

 GET MORE INFO!

 Rolling Bear Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Discover premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training at Rolling Bear Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Kenilworth, NJ. Located in Union County, we offer over 40 classes monthly for Kids and Adults combined (Gi and No-Gi). Our team provides a balanced training experience that’s both challenging and welcoming for all ages and skill levels. Immerse yourself in our unique training approach, supported by a nurturing environment designed to foster your growth.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT US

 ## What is brazilian jiu-jitsu?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art focused on grappling and ground fighting techniques. Derived from Judo and Japanese Jujutsu, it emphasizes leverage and technique to overcome larger opponents. Ground combat, involving joint locks and chokeholds, is a core aspect. Practitioners engage in live sparring sessions to apply learned techniques, refining reflexes and ground combat skills. BJJ emphasizes precision, positional dominance, and efficient execution of techniques.

 Our Values

 Consistency
 Maintaining a regular training schedule and continual effort to improve, ensuring progress over time.

 Teamwork
 Supporting and learning from training partners, fostering a collaborative environment that strengthens the whole group.

 Growth
 Embracing personal development both on and off the mats, striving to improve skills, mindset, and character.

 ### Are you ready to start training?

 Your first class is completely free, with no commitment necessary. Choose a day for you or your child to visit, meet our members and staff, and explore our facility!

 FREE TRIAL FOR KIDS

 FREE TRIAL FOR ADULTS

 Female only classes

 Rolling Bear Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is excited to offer a weekly female-only class exclusively for our members, held every Friday at 7:00 PM. The first class is free.
 This class was created to provide a welcoming, supportive environment where women can focus on learning and developing their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu skills with confidence. Training in a female-only setting allows members to build strength, improve fitness, and learn practical self-defense alongside supportive training partners. Our goal is to continue fostering growth, confidence, and long-term development within our academy.

 SIGN ME UP FOR A FREE TRIAL!

 ## OUR BJJ PROGRAMS

 ###### brazilian jiu-jitsu for adults Our adults program offers expert training in both Gi and No-Gi , perfect for all skill levels. Learn effective self-defense, improve fitness, and master techniques like submissions and positional control in a supportive and engaging environment. Whether you prefer the strategy of Gi or the fast pace of No-Gi, our classes help you build confidence, resilience, and strength on and off the mats.

 READ MORE

 ###### brazilian jiu-jitsu for kids Our kids program is designed to build confidence, discipline, and essential self-defense skills while promoting fitness and having fun! Whether in the Gi (traditional uniform) or No-Gi (athletic attire), your child will learn the fundamental techniques and principles of BJJ in a supportive and structured environment.

 READ MORE

 ###### Brazilian jiu-jitsu for women Our women's program (coming soon!) will offer expert training in both Gi and No-Gi , focusing on self-defense, technique, and fitness in a supportive environment. Perfect for all experience levels, this program empowers women to build confidence, strength, and resilience on and off the mats. Stay tuned for the launch!

 READ MORE

 SCHEDULE

 ##### Monday & Tuesday – No Gi // Wednesdays and Thursday – Gi

 CLICK TO SCHEDULE FREE TRIAL

 WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY about us

 Reviews
 Write a Review

 Eduardo 1 year ago

 Nothing but positive vibes and great people here!
 …

 Aidan Mino 1 year ago

 Great high level instructors, friendly atmosphere, and excellent training. Highly recommend! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
 …

 Will Lopez 1 year ago

 Great gym! Clean and great people!
 …

 Gabriel Gomes 1 year ago

 Stopped by for a christmas open mat this past week, and I had an excellent time. The facility is spacious and clean. There’s an amazing atmosphere and everyone is super welcoming. Great experience. Would recommend for practioners of any level
 …

 Jonathan Rosales 1 year ago

 I just finished an awesome session at Rolling Bears BJJ, and I couldn’t be happier! The atmosphere is welcoming and friendly, making it easy for both beginners and experienced practitioners to feel comfortable. The instructors are knowledgeable and passionate about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu; they provide clear guidance and support, ensuring everyone gets the most out of their training.

 The rolling sessions were intense yet fun, and I loved the camaraderie among the members. It’s a great place to learn, improve, and make new friends. If you’re looking for a fantastic BJJ experience, I highly recommend Rolling Bears BJJ.
 …

 Richard Heins 1 year ago

 Very welcoming atmosphere.

 I went as a visitor for open mat and everyone was very friendly and even gave me some tips on things I was messing up on during rolls.

 Mat space is good as well. I’ve been to places where you have to make sure you’re not bumping into people all the time and that was certainly not the case with this gym.
 …

 Follow us on Instagram

 rollingbearbjj
 ▫️BJJ Programs for Adults & Kids▫️
▫️870 Boulevard Suite 4, Kenilworth, NJ▫️
▫️Click Below to book a free trial class!▫️
 Join us for our monthly guest black belt instructo

 Week 5 of our 8 Week BJJ bootcamp with @mudturtler

 Thank you so much @matttkramer_ from @tra_jiujitsu

 Rolling Bear Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is excited to hos

 A little late to announce our January Black Belt I

 It’s been a great year of training so far Pt. 2!

 It has been a very good year of training so far. T

 A little snip of tonight’s work with Coach Walid.

 We are excited to announce the launch of our new W

 Every so often, our women roll into the regular in

 Today kicked off week one of our 8 week run with t

 Awesome guest class by our good friend @caseadilla

 Load More Follow on Instagram

 Frequently Asked Questions

 Didn’t find your answer here? Just send us a message and we’ll help in no time.

 Send Us A Message

 #### Is there a cutoff age to start BJJ?
 No, there’s no age cutoff to start BJJ. People of all ages, from young children to seniors, can begin training. Intensity of training varies for different age groups, and they can easily be matched by a respectful training partner.

 #### How early can I enroll my kids in BJJ?
 Kids can start BJJ as early as 4 years old. At the earlier ages, we offer classes tailored towards coordination, discipline, and very basic techniques.

 #### Can I start BJJ if I’m out of shape or have no experience in martial arts?
 Yes! BJJ is beginner-friendly and can be started at any fitness level. You’ll improve your fitness, flexibility, and technique over time with regular practice.

 #### What should I wear for class?
 For Gi classes, wear a BJJ Gi (kimono). For No-Gi classes, wear tight-fitting athletic clothing like a rash guard and board shorts or leggings.

 #### What is the difference between Gi and No-Gi?
 Gi BJJ uses a kimono and relies on grips for control and submissions, while No-Gi BJJ uses athletic wear (like rash guards) and focuses more on body control and speed, without clothing grips.

 #### How often should I train?
 Beginners typically train 2-3 times a week. As you progress, many practitioners train 4-6 times a week. Consistency is key to improving in BJJ.

 #### Is competition mandatory?
 No, competition is not mandatory in BJJ. Many people train for fitness, self-defense, or personal development without ever competing. It’s entirely up to you!

 CONTACT US

 Call us now
 +1(908)259-4627

 Visit us at
 870 Boulevard Suite 4, Kenilworth, NJ 07033

 ### Send us a message

 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
 Comment Name or
 Name * First
 Last

 Phone *
 Email *
 Comment or Message
 By submitting this form, you agree to receive phone calls, text messages or emails from Rolling Bear Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Your information will never be shared or disclosed with anyone. Standard rates may apply.

 Submit
