---
source_url: https://www.mactownfitnesscompany.com
final_url: https://www.mactownfitnesscompany.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:10.030Z
---

# Purpose Driven in McPherson, KS

 ## Find lasting success in a supportive community
 We understand the challenges you face as you prioritize your health. Developing habits that move the needle towards a stronger, healthier, fitter you is what we do best! Schedule a no sweat consultation to get started!
 Schedule Your No Sweat consultation

 ### Start at any level Whether a gym rat or a beginner, anyone will feel comfortable at our gym.

 ### Like-minded community Be encouraged by a community of people who care about your success just as much as their own.

 ### Feel supported No matter your goals, we are here to empower you along the way.

 ## Every Person is Unique. Let us help you find what works for YOU!
 ### One on One Training A passionate, knowledgeable personal trainer will show you what to do and keep you on the right track.
 Contact us For More Info

 ### Group Training Sessions Work in a group setting but under the watchful eye of your trainer with workouts customized for your goals and focus of the day.
 Schedule Your No Sweat Consultation Contact us For More Info

 ### FYR Mac-Town Youth program Personalized coaching. Shared energy. Real results. Mac-Town’s Semi-Private Training offers custom plans and focused coaching for 2-4 people. Get elite results for a lower cost.
 Schedule Your No Sweat Consultation Contact us For More Info

 ### M.A.C Nutrition Mindset, Action and Confidence are the key components for creating healthy habits around nutrition. Our certified nutrition coaches work with clients one on one to develop a plan.
 Get your first class for free Contact us For More Info

 ## Getting started is easy
 01
 #### Schedule a Consult Hearing from you directly about where you are today and where you would like to see yourself in the future is key to helping us understand your needs.

 02
 #### Find a Plan That Works for You Guiding you towards the life you want free of pain or limits is our goal. How we accomplish that is as varied as the individuals we work with.

 03
 #### Receive Ongoing Support Health and fitness is an evolving practice and we are intent on walking that path with you as you build a life you are proud of. With a specific range of skills around fitness, nutrition and habit building, we're ready for your evolution!

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of McPherson, KS Residents

 ## Everything you need to crush your fitness goals
 #### 65+ Programming

 #### Virtual Programming

 #### Changing Rooms

 #### Class Reservations

 #### Clients Only App

 #### Individualized Programming

 #### Nutrition Programming

 #### Personal Training

 #### Open Gym

 ## Our community is what makes us special. And it's what will keep you going
 We understand how intimidating it can be to get started on a new fitness journey. Don't worry, our aim is to make your journey as simple as possible.

 Our coaches have the expertise and training to help you create a plan that is best for you.

 We are striving to help every person find a higher quality of life through greater health.

 ## Conveniently located in the corner of Woodside and N Hickory
 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Mac-Town Fitness Company is located and easily accessible from all of McPherson, KS.

 ‍

 715 Woodside St, McPherson, KS 67460
 Get Directions

 ## Questions? We (probably) have the answers!
 How do I sign up for a no sweat intro?Schedule your no sweat intro with us. Fill out the contact form with all of your details and we'll contact you to schedule your no sweat intro. How long does it take to see results?Be patient. Results take time, but if you’re consistent, they absolutely will come. The exciting thing is that as a beginner, results come fairly quickly. Even in 30 days, you can really see a difference in your strength and overall fitness. Do I get the chance to meet new friends?Yes. We like to organize our classes in small groups. Small group settings allow you to make new friends that might share the same interest(s) as you! What sets you apart from other gyms in the area?We are a community of people that share the same fitness journey as you. We are here to build each other up - If you win, we all win! How often should I come?2-4 classes a week is realistic for beginners, depending on your level of fitness when you start. It may take a while for your body to get used to training at that intensity, so at the beginning, you might need more recovery time between training days. Over the first few months, start working your way up to training 5 days a week.
 Do you provide free refreshments there?We have filtered water available to our members. Other snacks and drinks are available for purchase. Do I have to be fit to join?No. our fitness program is what will get you in shape. No matter what your current fitness level is, we have the fitness program that is right for you.. As you become fitter, workouts will become more challenging. Every workout is designed to help you succeed, improve fitness, and move you toward your goals. Our program is designed for universal scalability, making it the perfect application for any committed individual regardless of experience. What payment methods do you accept?We take all major credit cards and debit cards. We do not accept personal checks. What kind of movements/exercises can I expect?Our class programming will include a strength portion in which you’ll work on something like Olympic weightlifting, deadlifting, squatting, or bodyweight strength or you may work on a skill like handstand push-ups. After the strength or skill portion of the class is complete, most days will involve a workout that was programmed for that specific day. Workouts can be anywhere between 5 to 20 minutes or more. Do I have to stop eating my favorite foods?Do enjoy special indulgences and meals. It’s a lifestyle, but it has to be manageable and realistic for the long-term. Luckily, the healthier you eat, the healthier you tend to want to eat. You get hooked on feeling good and junk food just isn’t worth it. By avoiding excessive amounts of refined carbohydrates and measuring your intake of protein, carbohydrates, and fat, you will see dramatic, measurable increases in health.

 ## Still curious? Talk to us! (620) 267-8565 Contact us

 ## The hardest step is always the first step. It's time to act!
 Schedule Your No Sweat Consultation
