---
source_url: https://mushinmma.com
final_url: https://mushinmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:26.970Z
---

# MMA FOR EVERYONE UTAH MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAMS FOR ADULTS & KIDS Whether you’re a beginner looking to learn self-defense or a seasoned veteran looking to step into the ring, we have a program that will put you where you want to be.

 ADULT PROGRAM KIDS CLASSES

 # MMA FOR EVERYONE UTAH MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAMS FOR ADULTS & KIDS Whether you’re a beginner looking to learn self-defense or a seasoned veteran looking to step into the ring, we have a program that will put you where you want to be.

 ADULT PROGRAM KIDS CLASSES

 ## FREE LESSON Experience professional martial arts instruction in a safe & friendly environment.

 SIGNUP NOW
 Or Call 801-296-0734

 ## Utah Mixed Martial Arts Gym We provide Salt Lake & Davis County with Brazilian Jiu-jitsu , Submission Wrestling, and Thai Boxing instruction.
 We are the only school to offer two Brazilian Jiu-jitsu Black Belt Instructors, two State Representatives in Erik Paulson’s Combat Submission Wrestling and two Certified Instructors in the Thai Boxing Association of the USA (Muay Thai).

 ## Mushin Self Defense 420 N Redwood Rd STE G, North Salt Lake
 5.0 86 reviews

 # PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTION Whether it’s teaching the basic stance or a lock flow, we have strived for over 20 years to provide the absolute best instruction available.

 PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTION Whether it’s teaching the basic stance or a lock flow, we have strived for over 20 years to provide the absolute best instruction available.

 ## KIDS KARATE Discipline, Respect, Technical Excellence, Self Confidence and Leadership. These are the aims of or Kid’s Karate program. Martial Arts are one of the absolute most beneficial activities for children of all ages.

 LEARN MORE

 ## Adult Mixed martial arts classes Interested in learning the Martial Arts from Professionals? Whether you’re interested in Self Defense, Fitness or earning your Black Belt, we have a program for you. Everyone is welcome. Men, women, beginners, everyone is treated with the highest level of respect and professionalism.

 LEARN MORE

 ## FREE LESSON

 SIGN UP NOW

 }
 #### TRAIN ON YOUR TIME Daytime, evening, & weekend classes are available
 to work with your schedule.

 w
 #### Great Community Our gym is like a family. We respect & support each other, and focus on the safety & well-being of our training partners.

 
 #### PERSONALIZED INSTRUCTION Our instructors constantly go through the class working
 with each student to improve their technique.

 Enjoy a safe, friendly, & professional martial arts experience # At MUSHIN SELF DEFENSE, we STRIVE TO provide the best MARTIAL ARTS environment Our goal is to provide professional Martial Arts Instruction to anyone interested in learning in a disciplined, respectful, clean and safe environment.
 When you come to our gym, you can expect the highest levels of professional instruction from qualified coaches. We vet each and every one of our students to ensure that when you come to class you are surrounded by friendly, safe and helpful students who are just as excited about helping you reach your goals as they are about achieving their own.
 We offer classes for beginners and experienced students, Kids, Adults and everyone in between.

 Contact Us

 # Meet THE INSTRUCTORS We have been studying the Martial Arts for over 2 decades and have run Mushin Self Defense,
 Davis County’s longest running and most successful gym, since 2000.

 # BRIAN YAMASAKI Full Instructor under Sensei Erik Paulson
 Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-jitsu under William Bernales
 Certified Instructor of Muay Thai under Ajarn Surachai “Chai” Sirisute

 # BRANDON KISER Full Instructor under Sensei Erik Paulson
 Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-jitsu under William Bernales
 Certified Instructor of Muay Thai under Ajarn Surachai “Chai” Sirisute

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes BJJ is the art of using leverage, technique, and strategy to effectively defend yourself against bigger, stronger, younger assailants. It is one of the only arts to have multiple documented accounts of actually having lived up to these claims both in Self Defense as well as in the sporting arena.
 Brazilian Jiu-jitsu has always been a very important and influential part of our Mixed Martial Art and Submission Wrestling Programs.
 Now we are excited to offer a class specifically for Gracie Style Jiu-jitsu. This Gi-Based class will cover every aspect of the art from White Belt up through Black.

 BJJ CLASS INFO

 # PRIVATE LESSONS In addition to our group classes, we also offer private one-on-one lessons at an hourly rate.
 If you’re looking to sharpen required techniques before a belt test, preparing for competition, or just want to work on improving specific skills, we’re here to help.

 CONTACT US

 ## MUAY THAI CLASSES Muay Thai techniques including elbow strikes, knees, neck clinch, and kicks have proven to be extremely effective in professional kickboxing and Mixed Martial Arts events.
 Our school is part of the Thai Boxing Association of America with Khru Brian a Certified Instructor of Muay Thai under the association’s founder, Ajarn Surachai “Chai” Sirisute.
 At Mushin, you will receive detailed instruction on proper stance, form, and techniques.
 We use a method called “timing sparring” that focuses on developing timing, range, and technique in a controlled way. This method drastically reduces the chance of injury while sparring while still helping students develop speed and power through drills on Thai pads and focus mitts.

 MUAY THAI CLASS INFO

 ## Women’s Only Self Defense Classes Our goal is to provide an environment where women feel safe and confident to learn and express themselves.
 To guide them on their journey of mental and physical development, and to help them gain a sense of confidence and self-worth while removing the victim mentality.
 Come join us in a safe, judgment free environment where everyone helps each other and shares in the smiles and laughs.
 We take our self defense seriously, but we never forget to have our fun the whole time we are learning it.

 Women's Self Defense

 ## CORPORATE SELF DEFENSE WORKSHOPS We believe that everyone deserves to feel empowered, confident, and safe.
 Our specialized self-defense workshops for corporations & organizations are designed to do just that, offering your team an engaging and valuable experience that goes beyond the usual team-building activities.

 LEARN MORE

 ## FREE Intro Lesson ## Call Now 801-296-0734 Experience MMA training risk-free in a safe & friendly environment.
 Sign up and we will contact you to schedule your FREE introductory lesson.

 Δ
 - PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. - Name* Dr.MissMr.Mrs.Ms.Mx. Prefix First Last - Email* - Phone* - Comments -

 Submit

 ## Reviews

 - Brian Wynn ★★★★★ 2 months ago Since I joined the Mushin gym almost two years ago, it has been a very pleasant life changing experience for me. Coach Brandon Kiser and Coach Brian Yamasaki are very outstanding martial arts instructors! They do a exceptional job with … More showing the class how to do the techniques and explaining the reasoning behind each technique they teach. I definitely would have joined earlier in my life had I known about the gym. I recommend anyone to join this gym. It will be truly be a great experience! - Jessica Brown ★★★★★ 3 months ago Mushin Self-Defense has been one of the most meaningful places my family and I have ever trained. As a parent, it matters deeply to me that my daughter is learning self-discipline and self-respect, not just technique. Brian Yamasaki teaches … More with purpose, fairness, and consistency, creating an environment where kids are held to high standards while still feeling valued and supported. My daughter knows what’s expected of her, feels respected, and is growing not only as an athlete, but as a person. He and the other instructors strike an incredible balance between structure and encouragement, and it’s clear how much intention goes into how they lead their classes. Brian also teaches the adult classes, and even though I haven’t personally taken his yet, the integrity, leadership, and values he brings are clearly reflected throughout the entire gym culture. As adult students, my husband and I train under Brandon Kiser, and the environment he helps create is just as exceptional. Both instructors foster a space where we feel safe, respected, and able to be vulnerable while still being challenged to grow. There is a rare balance here of compassion and high standards. You are supported, but you are also held accountable, and that combination builds real confidence. One of the things I respect most about Mushin is the integrity behind progression. Advancement isn’t based solely on time or hours spent on the mat. You’re expected to truly understand and demonstrate the material before progressing, even if you’ve put in the hours. That standard matters, and it makes earning a new belt feel honest, earned, and meaningful. What truly sets Mushin apart is that while the primary focus is always on training, there are occasional moments—before class, during class, or after class—where conversations about values, character, and what it means to be a good person naturally come up. They aren’t constant or forced, and that’s what makes them impactful. When those moments happen, they carry weight and reinforce that this sport is about more than just what happens on the mat. We’ve been to competitions with this team, and the energy is exactly what you want beside you: uplifting, encouraging, strong, and demanding in the best way. They believe in their students deeply, and it shows. Over the past year, we’ve built real connections here. Mushin isn’t just a gym—it’s a community rooted in grace, strength, and integrity. We are incredibly grateful to be part of it and couldn’t recommend it more highly. - Douglas Hall ★★★★★ 3 months ago Having trained here for the past few years has truly been a life changing experience. The culture the instructors have grown and maintained is unlike anywhere else. They emphasize being a kind and contributing person as equally as being … More a skilled practitioner. - Emily Jansen ★★★★★ 3 months ago Mushin Self Defense is more than a gym—it’s a true third space. The community is welcoming, supportive, and full of high-quality people who genuinely want to better themselves. Grateful to be part of it. - Rieley Frederick ★★★★★ a year ago Mushin has been a consistent source of community and confidence since I joined several years ago. I’ve been able to learn lifelong skills and make lifelong friends while participating in the lessons and culture offered at this gym. As a … More woman, I’m always nervous to try new gyms (and I’ve gym hopped many times) - especially those focused on martial arts. I’m happy to say, I’ve always had safe, positive, supportive, inspiring experiences at Mushin and have nothing but the utmost respect for the coaches and my fellow students. If you’re looking for something new to try or improve your self defense skills, this is the place to go. - Jason Bringhurst ★★★★★ 3 years ago I love the training methods of Mushin. The instructors there take a great deal of pride in the quality of their instruction. I have been training with Mushin for a few years and respect the fact that the instructors make sure to always … More further their knowledge by participating in seminars themselves as well as bringing people into Utah to host seminars here for their students. I also have registered my 11 year old in the kids class and he has a ton of fun while learning discipline, respect, and self defense. If you or your kid is wanting to join a true martial arts gym, Mushin is highly recommended! - Isabelle White ★★★★★ a year ago Mushin Self Defense wants you to succeed in your self defense journey, as well as your personal endeavors. As a woman, I was nervous training at an official gym but they have made me feel nothing less than completely comfortable in their … More gym. Mushin has helped drastically with my confidence as a self employed massage therapist, as well as give me an outlet to exercise and let off some steam after hard days. Great coaches and an awesome environment!! - Elise Madsen ★★★★★ 2 years ago My husband & I had our first ever martial arts lessons at Mushin. One of the head instructors reached out to me personally to answer any questions, and all the students were welcoming and friendly at our first class. I could tell there … More was a lot of experience in the student body, yet they were easy to work with as a beginner myself. 10/10 experience! - Veronica Lassig ★★★★★ a year ago My son and I each take a class and both love it. He is confident, loves his instructor, and assistants. He is learning more discipline, respect, and is constantly improving his skills. In almost 6 years we have both come a long way and … More as a woman it has helped me to feel like I am gaining skills that will help me if I’m ever in a situation where I may need them. These are useful skills we all need. I wanted a place that felt like a family and Mushin is definitely what I was looking for. - Brooklynn Tolbert ★★★★★ 3 years ago Did a workshop where they came out to my business and my goodness I cannot say enough good things. The self defense workshop was fairly quick but jam packed with awesome information. They even had us practice some of the moves. FANTASTIC … More EXPERIENCE!! - Krysta Hamilton ★★★★★ 4 years ago This is a wonderful program for youth MMA! Sensei Brian is really good with the kids, holding high expectations, yet showing each individual he cares about their success. Our 5-year-old has loved Mushin! The ratio of instructor to student … More was about 1:3 on the average week which allows for much more personalized instruction and extra reps and practice. We're really grateful we found this place! - Sarah Richins ★★★★★ 5 years ago Three of my children are currently enrolled at Mushin and they love it! They learn more than just martial arts. They learn respect, discipline, and self-control. Brian and his team know how to bring out the best in my kids (two sons and … More a daughter). I can't recommend them enough! - Mc Family ★★★★★ 5 years ago Our children started classes at Mushin years ago and continue to love it. They challenged me to try the women's self defense class just once, and now I'm going on three years. Wonderful instructors and incredible classmates … More make this a can't-miss gym. Our family now has opted for private lessons during the pandemic to keep up our skills. If you're on the fence about martial arts, jump down and get over here! - Angela Seely ★★★★★ 7 years ago I have had my boys at 3 different Karate studios, ( including Kona) and this place is by far my favorite. It’s the when my son was in kindergarten he had a rough year and this place was really good for him. Brian knows how to make it … More fun as well as teaching them respect and listening. The older kids that help him are great and I feel like all the kids get equal attention. He is great at talking them through emotions as well. This place is very worth it and it the only studio that my kids enjoyed learning karate. Brian is patient, encouraging and so great with the kids. - Ginny Naylor ★★★★★ 4 years ago I never imagined I would be counting down the hours at work so I could go to a martial arts class. I actually dislike exercise and find it boring and uncomfortable. At Mushin I get in some killer cardio, and my brain is tricked into barely … More noticing. I find that Mushin is one of the only times during the day when I am fully present. I leave all distractions at the door and truly enjoy every class. Brian and Brandon are awesome teachers and make everyone feel welcome. I love the vibe at Mushin. It's been so fun getting to know the other students, they are more than willing to share their knowledge and contribute to my progress.
 Leave A Review

 ## FREE LESSON
 SIGN UP NOW

 Mushin Self Defense
 420 North Redwood Road
 North Salt Lake, UT 84054 DRIVING DIRECTIONS

 801-296-0734

 ### Mushin Self Defense
