---
source_url: https://hybridjiujitsulv.com/programs/advanced-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://hybridjiujitsulv.com/programs/advanced-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:23.134Z
---

## Hybrid Jiu-Jitsu # Advanced Jiu Jitsu Our advanced program is perfect for students who have a basic understanding of jiu jitsu and want to elevate their jiu jitsu game. This is typically for students after 3 years of training in jiu jitsu. In the advanced classes, we go into higher level details into specific moves and advanced concepts. We also include situational sparring that allows students the chance to work specific movement and strategies.

 ### Advanced Jiu Jitsu
 #### Advanced If you are looking to elevate your jiu jitsu skills, our advanced classes are exactly what you need. Read more about what to expect, why you should join Hybrid Jiu Jitsu, and how we can help you grow even more in your jiu jitsu journey!
 #### What To Expect Our classes are 1 hour along (with extra time for sparring after) and begin with students lining up according to rank. Our instructors will begin the class with warmups and drills, then lead to the instructional for the day. This is when they will teach a specific move, position or concept and allow the students to practice in their groups. The instructors will go around and help guide students and answer any questions. Afterwards, the students will have time for live sparring, where they get to practice the moves they learned in a live match with their teammates. In our advanced classes, we add in situational sparring as well, where students start in a specific position that challenges them to work a specific situation or concept with a specific goal in mind.

 #### Why Should You Sign Up With Us At Hybrid Jiu Jitsu, we value safety and community, and you will find just that with us in addition to our expert teaching. Our instructors have been teaching jiu jitsu for many years and know the structure and organization required to lead a safe but fun class.
 In addition to safety, we also value quality training and teaching, so we strive to provide the best instructions for our students. Our world champion coaches, Raquel and Renato, have been competing at a high level in jiu jitsu for many years and you’ll be able to learn from them and grow your jiu jitsu game.
 Just as quality instructors are important, so are your teammates! You will be surrounded by students from all types of backgrounds and jiu jitsu experiences. We have a wide range of belt levels, male and female, and the diversity offers opportunities to truly evolve. Our community is full of experienced jiu jitsu practitioners who are passionate about jiu jitsu and the people we surround ourselves with. You will find a supportive group of people who want to help you grow as well.

 #### Advanced Techniques and Strategies Our advanced curriculum covers a wide range of sophisticated techniques, including advanced guard passes, submissions, sweeps, and transitions. You’ll also learn intricate strategies and concepts that are essential for high-level competition and self-defense scenarios.
 #### Competition Preparation If you’re looking to compete, our program provides comprehensive preparation for local, national, and international tournaments. You’ll receive personalized coaching, strategic planning, and the mental conditioning necessary to excel in a competitive environment.

 #### Sparring & Live Drills Live sparring and situational drills are key components of our advanced classes. These sessions are designed to simulate various scenarios, allowing you to apply your techniques under pressure and develop your timing, reflexes, and adaptability.
 #### Variety of Training Partners Our advanced students range from all ages, genders and jiu jitsu styles. You will find yourself surrounded by high level training partners who will push you and help you practice your jiu jitsu with different styles. Being able to apply your skills to various partners and styles will help you learn and evolve into a well-rounded jiu jitsu practitioner. Our Advanced program has so much to offer and we are confident that the experience you will have with us will help you take your jiu jitsu to the next level. Don’t wait, sign up today!

 #### Try a Free Class Today! Free Class

 ##### Free Trial ×
