---
source_url: https://www.valorpds.com
final_url: https://www.valorpds.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:10.509Z
---

## VALOR COMBAT ACADEMY 2273 LEESBURG-GROVE CITY RD. MERCER, PENNSYLVANIA 16137
 724-450-0808
 info@valorpds.com
 Professional, Effective, Quality Martial Arts and Firearms Training
 Striking | Krav Maga | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu |Cardio Fitness Kickboxing | Concealed Carry & Tactical Firearms Training | Mindset | Emergency Response | Active Shooter Defense
 Train, Fight, Survive

 ## Popular Categories
 Martial Arts Training

 Firearms Training Courses

 Season Pass

 ## Why Choose Valor Combat Academy We are the leaders in cutting-edge personal defense training and tactics. We have trained thousands of Students, Employees, Military Personal, and Law Enforcement Officers in every aspect personal defense skills. We offer training in multiple martial arts styles, Concealed Carry Firearms, Handgun / Long-Gun Transition, Close Quarters Battle, Active Shooter Response. We also provide Business and House of Worship Security consultation services and training.

 ## Our Approach Self defense is a perishable skill. Only through continuous and consistent training will one be able to effectively employ a skill set that they have learned. We operate on the premise that attending a one time training course is inadequate and insufficient for a life time's worth of dangers. That any such skills acquired will diminish, deteriorate and lose their effectiveness over time.
 How many times have you thought to yourself "its been a long time since I did that"? This is not a thought you want to have when the need to defend yourself arises. Our system is designed to offer constant, consistent, and affordable training opportunities to all individuals wanting to learn and stay sharp. We keep our firearms courses affordable to facilitate our "continuous training philosophy". While some programs charge upwards of $200.00 plus for a one time training course and are not concerned with continuing to develop and sharpen your skills, we desire to build life long training relationships with our students.

 ## Valuable Training At Affordable Prices We offer our stand alone Tae Kwon Do, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and a firearms training system. Our integrated Krav Maga combat system adds the additional layers of hand to hand combat, fitness, awareness, and mindset training to create a well rounded warrior. Additionally our Krav Maga program provides opportunities for students to become instructors and possibly one day entrepreneurs.

 Pause slideshow Play slideshow ## The very concept of fairness has no place in a predatory assault. The victim can’t afford to be fair because the attacker won’t be

 ## The decision to defend yourself is made in advance not in the middle of a critical incident

 ## Learn from Combat Veterans and Tactical Law Enforcement Instructors

 ## Any Time and Anywhere Develop your mental switch or “Go” button and explode into action

 ## Testimonials
 Always prepared for their classes. Long history in self defense, military and law enforcement AND have bedside manner to go along with it. These guys are the real deal.

 Ron J.
 I just took the female only course on 2/24/18... I am so glad i did it. I was scared to death to take it because of not having any type of gun background at all. I am also left handed so it was very important to me to be able to learn the correct way . All of the instructors were so kind, answered any questions you had and are all very knowledgeable! You guys have a great thing going! Keep up the amazing work Valor Sheepdog . And thank you for the peace of mind of shooting and handgun safety!!! Looking forward to coming back for more.

 Pamela L.
 Great instructors...Down to earth guys. Straight forward but fun. If your looking for a self defense course this is for you. Don't hesitate..

 Fred H.
 These guys have a first class program. They are very experienced and knowledgeable. I would recommend their programs to anyone.

 Tammy O.
 recent participant in women's only defensive handgun & safety course...excellent one day - 6 hour - skill evaluation of firearms safety, proficiency, and law training...well planned and organized with lots of hands-on training with knowledgeable trainers...all made to feel welcomed and comfortable regardless of one's handgun ability and knowledge...a training well worth your time and investment! thank you! :)

 Delta Z.

 ### Valor Combat Academy 724-450-0808
 info@valorpds.com
 2273 Leesburgh - Grove City Rd. Mercer, PA 16137
 Mon - Thursday, 4pm - 9pm
 Saturday, 9am - 12pm

 Location
