---
source_url: http://www.thejiujitsuleague.com
final_url: http://www.thejiujitsuleague.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:32.990Z
---

Welcome To
 THE JIU JITSU LEAGUE
 Try it Now!

 # The Jiu-Jitsu League is your home for quality Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Submission Wrestling, and Self-Defense. We pride ourselves in providing you with the highest quality instruction and training in the heart of Long Beach, at 2nd and PCH in Marina Pacifica Mall.

 ### ADULT CLASSES Our adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes are a proven method for weight loss and getting in shape. Learn the art that was invented for the very purpose of beating a stronger, larger, more aggressive opponent.

 ### KIDS CLASSES Jiu-Jitsu is a powerful tool to help kids grow into mature, considerate young adults. We provide a comfortable environment for kids of all ages to learn self-defense and self-confidence.

 ### Private lessons Not ready to start in group classes? No problem! We offer private lessons too! Contact us for more click here !

 # Try your first class FREE! # Fill out the form to get your very first lesson free! # Call (562) 719-1555 and Start Training Today! # To Begin your Jiu-Jitsu Journey, Just Complete This Form!

 The Jiu-Jitsu League is your martial arts home for quality Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Submission Wrestling, and Self-Defense. Established in 2009, we pride ourselves in providing you with the highest quality instruction and training in Long Beach. Our friendly staff is here to help you choose the best program for your training goals and budget. After a quick visit to our gym, you’ll understand why The Jiu-Jitsu League is the #1 Most Recommended Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school in Long Beach.
 Call today to find out more information on how to get started, or just enter your information in the link above and we'll contact you!

 “ I already lost 7lbs and my diet is horrible! It’s something good everyone should experience. And everyone will welcome you, it’s all friendly here...no egos in this jiu-jitsu academy! ” — Byron Alvarez, Pharmacy Technician

 # Connect With Us
