---
source_url: http://www.unabjj.com/
final_url: https://www.unabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:04.235Z
---

Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday Little Champs (4-6 yrs)4:30pm-5:15pm | BJJ Gi6:00am-7:00am | Little Champs (4-6 yrs)4:30pm-5:15pm | BJJ Gi11:30am-12:30pm | BJJ NoGi6:00am-7:00am | BJJ Fundamentals10:00am-10:45am | BJJ NoGi11:00am-12:00pm Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)5:30pm-6:15pm | BJJ Gi11:30am-12:30pm | Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)5:30pm-6:15pm | Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)5:30pm-6:15pm | Adult BJJ Gi6:30pm-7:30pm | Open Mat10:45am-2:00pm Basics BJJ Gi6:30pm-7:30pm | Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)5:30pm-6:15pm | Basics BJJ Gi6:30pm-7:30pm | Kickboxing6:30pm-7:30pm BJJ NoGi7:30pm-8:30pm | Kickboxing6:30pm-7:30pm | Advanced BJJ Gi7:30pm-9:30pm | BJJ NoGi7:30pm-8:30pm | BJJ Gi7:30pm-8:30pm

 Close

 ### Fred Villarica Fred started out as a high school wrestler and once he graduated, attended Adelphi university to study nursing. At the same time Fred began studying Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Roderigo Gracie, which he continued for one year until he attained the rank of Blue Belt. Roderigo left New York for California and Fred began extensively studying with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt Legend Alexandre Soca Freitas. Under Soca until Fred attained the rank of Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at the age of 28. Fred has competed regularly in tournaments, namely: NAGA Champion , GRAPPLERSQUEST Champion, Multiple time IBJJF medalist from Purplebelt to Blackbelt, Multiple Abu Dhabi Pro Trial medalist. Fred also works as an active registered nurse.

 His Main passion is to keep training and to pass down all the benefits that the Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle has to offer to the next generation.
 Close

 ### Alonzo "Zo" Rodriguez Alonzo trained under Master Alexandre “Soca” Freitas since 2005 and has attained the rank of Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. He is currently training students at UNA Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. At 145 lbs. Alonzo has relied mainly on technique in order to win tournaments and is sometimes referred to as “one of the best coaches in New York”. Tournaments he has competed in and won Gold Medals in are; Pan Ams, Long Island Pride BJJ, NAGA and Alonzo continues his devotion to training in Jiu Jitsu and is committed to learning new skills which he can pass along to students.
 Close

 ### Kevin Enrile Never wanting to train before, Kevin started his training doing Muay Thai/kickboxing at the age of 14 with the push from his older brother. Since then, he has been training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu exclusively under Professor Fred and Professor Zo when they first opened their doors at end of 2011. Not a stranger to competition, he is always looking to push his limits both as a competitor and as a coach. Through the art he believes training is great for personal development on and off the mats.
 Close

 ### Tom “mustache machismo” Altenburg Tom is an UNA BJJ Black belt who started training in 2011 and instantly fell in love with the art. He’s consistantly tried to combine fundamental concepts with new age techniques and is always trying to evolve his game. He enjoys sharing knowledge and helping fellow training partners grow as athlete’s as well as individuals. He enjoys putting his skills to the test and has medaled at numerous competitions such as the IBJJF New York Pro among others. He also shares the same welcoming attitude that youll find with all of the UNA BJJ instructors.
 Close

 ### Raheem "Rock" Stevens Raheem is a Unabjj Black Belt under Professors Fred Villarica and Alonzo Rodriguez. Raheem is also an assistant kids instructor and the 5am instructor. “Rock” as he’s known at Una is an active competitor competing and winning many local and regional tournaments. He has a great passion seeing others evolve in their training as he’s willing to help in anyway he can.
 Close

 ### Thad Morquecho Thad Morquecho is an Una purple belt and full-time father of four. He started his Jiu Jitsu journey in 2012 as a way to encourage his kids to continue their own training. Of course, being the quitters they are, they stopped anyway. Undeterred, Thaddeus, or MacThaddy, as he’s affectionately known, just kept going to class as a way to get away from his kids in the evening. Along the way he’s won a few medals and learned a thing or two, like it’s better to be with the family at night, so he and a rag-tag assembly of parents and crazies started the morning program at Una. He considers himself privileged and grateful to be able to share and learn the beautiful art of Jiu Jitsu with his teammates, and is keenly aware of the fact that his now-teenage kids fear him despite his advancing age.
 Close

 ### Jon García Judo black belt and BJJ brown belt with 20 years of mat time, fueled by an obsession with grip fighting and takedowns! A proud member of Una since 2012, and teacher for the past 4+ years, he’s on a mission to blend Kodokan tradition with a splash of Kosen Judo style (while constantly trying to convince people that falling is fun). He is proud of the incredible community and friendships built along the way.
 Close

 ##### 718-268-0044 ### Sign up for your free 1-week Trial Classes today! Join!

 ## Small Academy Big Heart Hi! If your checking us out you are looking for more than a workout, you are looking to improve yourself and do something you always wanted to TRY! NOW IS YOUR CHANCE! At UNABJJ we have two 3rd degree Black Belt Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Professors, offering top quality instruction. Equally dedicated are our assistant instructors who have a ton of knowledge to share not only in Bjj but in striking and judo as well. We welcome and invite people from all levels! Advanced, intermediate, beginners and visitors. We have an open door policy no matter if you come from another school or just want to drop in and train you are welcome. We are all about training! Don’t worry about feeling intimidated or nervous about trying out the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We work hard creating a STRONG fundamentals program that is easy to understand and fun to learn. Most importantly our students are friendly and come to class to learn and train. Our instructors diligently work to create a respectful and courteous environment. We encourage a supportive, learning atmosphere at all times. NO PRESSURE to sign up right away. Check out a free trial and see if we’re the right BJJ Academy for you!

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our lineage is as follows: Carlos Gracie Jr > Alexandre "Soca" Freitas > Fred Villarica/Alonzo Rodriguez Our two 3rd degree Professors Fred and Alonzo are cultivated from one of the Best Lightweights to come from Brazil 6th degree Master Alexandre ‘Soca’ Freitas. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)is a Martial Art that evolved from Judo via Mitsuyo Maeda (Conde Coma) the earliest known pioneer/fighter of today’s Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu out of japan who taught amongst other families in Brazil, the Gracie’s. The Gracie’s have set the way to modern BJJ, being widely known after the Early UFC days with Royce Gracie to a more evolved form of self-defense as well as sport today. What sets Bjj apart from other martial arts is that it can be practiced at full speed against another opponent, no strikes ofcourse, nearly everyday. This is what attracts the normal everyday person to practice Bjj, it can give them a true insight not only in their technique and physical ability but also an insight to themselves, overcoming adversity is a common theme in jiu-jitsu. Links to the History of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: BJJ History BJJ Wiki

 ### Striking Increase your strength, conditioning, and mobility while learning an aresenal of offensive moves. Build your confidence! The class starts off with a vigorous warm – up of calisthenics, including jumping jacks, push-ups, sit-ups and running. Once students have broken a sweat and burned some calories, the real fun starts. We have you working with partners doing drills with the focus pads. Focus pads, or “mits” are exactly that – a large mit you wear on each hand that your partner will be throwing various combinations of punches at, as well as blocking your attacks. For students with experience we also include sparring sessions, please bring your gear ie. gloves, mouth piece, shin guards, head gear etc. This class is excellent for developing “hand/eye” coordination as well as conditioning. Want to burn calories? Come in and try a striking class FREE! We know you’ll love it.

 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu We offer one of the TOP Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program in the Tri-State area. Our kids can be found traveling throughout the east coast competing and winning in many major tournaments. But our MAIN Goal is to give your child CONFIDENCE! Confidence to be happy, healthy, hard working, strong kids. Through this Positive experience we hope that they will not only make Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu apart of their lifestyle, but more importantly lead them to a Successful life outside the mats. Our kids range from the ages of 4-15years old. If your interested in our kids program PLEASE CALL ahead of time, we periodically hold enrollment due to limited space availability.

 "Always assume that your opponent is going to be bigger, stronger, and faster than you: so that you learn to rely on technique, timing, and leverage rather than brute strength" Meet Our Instructors

 ## Instructors At UnaBjj we have two 3rd degree BlackBelt instructors offering top quality instruction, directly taught by one of the Best Bjj Fighters to come out of Brazil: 6th Degree Blackbelt Master Alexandre Soca Freitas.
 ### Fred Villarica Professor 3rd degree Black Belt bio

 ### Alonzo "Zo" Rodriguez Professor 3rd degree Black Belt bio

 ### Kevin Enrile Striking Instructor
 Asst. BJJ Instructor Black Belt BIO

 ### Tom “mustache machismo” Altenburg Asst. BJJ Instructor Black Belt BIO

 ### Raheem "Rock" Stevens Asst. BJJ Instructor Black Belt BIO

 ### Thad Morquecho Asst. BJJ Instructor Black Belt BIO

 ### Jon García Judo Instructor BIO

 Join UnaBJJ Now! ## Schedule We are open seven days a week. Stop by, and Just Train.

 ### 5:00 AM – 6:00 AM All levels NoGi

 ### 11:30 AM – 12:30 PM Basics with Gi

 ### 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Little Champs (4-7 yrs)

 ### 5:15 PM – 6:30 PM Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)

 ### 6:30 PM – 7:30 PM Adv/Intermediate with Gi

 ### 7:30 PM – 8:30 PM Leglocks NoGi

 ### 8:30 PM – 9:15 PM Basics with Gi

 ### 11:30 AM – 12:30 PM Adv/Intermediate with Gi

 ### 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Little Champs (4-7 yrs)

 ### 5:15 PM – 6:30 PM Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)

 ### 6:30 PM – 7:30 PM Kickboxing

 ### 7:30 PM – 8:30 PM Basics with Gi

 ### 8:30 PM – 9:15 PM Womens Only BJJ Gi

 ### 5:00 AM – 6:00 AM Adv/Intermediate with Gi

 ### 11:30 AM – 12:30 PM All level Gi

 ### 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Little Champs (4-7 yrs)

 ### 5:15 PM – 6:30 PM Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)

 ### 6:30 PM – 7:30 PM Judo for BJJ

 ### 7:00 PM – 8:30 PM Adv/Intermediate with Gi

 ### 8:30 PM – 9:15 PM Basics with Gi

 ### 11:30 AM – 12:30 PM Adv/Intermediate with Gi

 ### 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Little Champs (4-7 yrs)

 ### 5:15 PM – 6:30 PM Youth BJJ (8+ yrs)

 ### 6:30 PM – 7:30 PM Kickboxing

 ### 7:30 PM – 8:30 PM All levels NoGi

 ### 5:00 AM – 6:00 AM All levels NoGi

 ### 11:30 AM – 12:30 PM Basics with Gi

 ### 6:30 PM – 7:30 PM Adv/Intermediate with Gi

 ### 7:30 PM – 8:30 PM Judo for BJJ

 ### 8:30 AM NoGi Open Mat

 ### 10:00 AM – 11:00 AM Basics with Gi

 ### 11:00 AM – 1:00 PM Gi Open Mat

 ### 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM All levels NoGi

 ## Testimonials Here's what some of our students are saying.
 "I immediately felt comfortable training"
 This place is amazing! I was initially nervous about trying out Brazilian Jiu-jitsu, but everyone at UNA was so welcoming and encouraging that I immediately felt comfortable training. The environment is so down-to-earth that you feel as if you are a part of a family. The professors are extremely skilled and are always willing to take the time to make sure that you understand the techniques. Thanks to UNA, I have developed strength, confidence, and skills in ways that I would’ve never imagined. You won’t regret joining!
 Josephine White Belt | Psychotherapist

 "Really high level professors and instructors"
 This place is really awesome. Really high level professors and instructors and everyone, especially the higher belts are really cool and helpful so you can make improvements. On top of that everyone who competes bring back medals every time, so that tells the caliber of Jiu Jitsu players you’ll be training with and learning from. Totally recommended!
 Andres Blue Belt | Director of Advertising

 "You will not regret joining"
 I've called this place my second home for 3 years now and it continues to improve year after year. Fred and Alonzo are amazing instructors with an amazing love for the art and spreading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. You will not regret joining.
 Neb Purple Belt | Photographer

 ## Facility Here is a selection of our Sports Gear & Equipment to assist you in your training

 ## Contact Us We understand that starting BJJ can be intimidating , and new students can feel nervous. Don't worry! , In conjunction to a strong Fundamentals Program, we will work hard to encourage a supportive, learning atmosphere at all times: One Family Environment.

 Please visit our Facebook for latest news and updates, and our Instagram

 ##### 718-268-0044 ### Questions? Enter Your Name and Email, We'll Get Back to You! Submit
