---
source_url: http://hevabjj.com
final_url: https://hevabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:47.141Z
---

339 Burnett Ave S, Suite A
 Renton, WA 98057
 ## SOCIAL MEDIA FB + IG @HEVABJJ
 ## CONTACT (253) 220-7844
 hevabjj@gmail.com
 ## CLASS SCHEDULE Saplings Gi Classes (3-5 yrs): M+F @4:30-5:10PM
 Kids Gi Classes: M+T+TH+F @5:30-6:15PM
 Kids No Gi+Wrestling: W @5:30-6:15PM*
 *Seasonal Program – Please inquire for details.
 Adults Gi Classes: M+T+TH+F @6:30-7:30PM

 Adults No Gi: W @6:30-7:30PM
 Adults Open Mat: M+T+W+TH+F @ 7:30-8:00PM;
 SAT @10:30AM-12:00PM

 ## LIFE + FAMILY + COMMUNITY Strengthening LIFE + FAMILY + COMMUNITY through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 Welcome to all levels of experience. We offer classes for Kids and Adults in both Gi and No Gi with seasonal programs for additional intensive-small group instructional classes.
 Head instructor Professor Hoc Do, 2nd degree black belt under Master Marcelo Alonso and 2X IBJJF World Masters champion. As a nationally ranked collegiate wrestler and with 15 years as a wrestling coach, Hoc has a strong and well-rounded foundation of stand-up, grappling and teaching experience.
 Assistant instructor Elizabeth Do, brown belt under Master Marcelo Alonso. With her competitive experience and training, Elizabeth brings great energy and attention to detail to the competition team.
 ## PROUD AFFILIATE: MABJJ+CARLSON GRACIE COMPETITION TEAM Professor, Master Marcelo Alonso, 6 th degree black belt under Master Carlson Gracie Sr. Professor Marcelo has been training and coaching Sport Jiu-Jitsu for well over 30 years and is the most experienced instructor in the region.
