---
source_url: https://adamasjiujitsutoledo.com/programs
final_url: https://adamasjiujitsutoledo.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:57.137Z
---

[email protected]

 +1419 7648609

 -
 - - Home - About Us - Programs - Calendar - Book Now - Blog - Contact Us

 # Class for all Ages and Experience levels

 # Class for all Ages and Experience levels

 We offer class kids thru adults, beginner thru advanced in all of our programs. Our focus is to help new students select the right program for them and to have that program give them a suitable training experience. Adamas instructors are reliable and highly skilled.

 Concerns About Personal Safety

 Many individuals may be fearful for their safety or the safety of their loved ones, whether they live in a high-crime area, have experienced violence before, or simply want to feel more confident in their ability to protect themselves and others. First Shield Defense addresses this by emphasizing focus on personal defense and the practical skills taught to help individuals feel safer and more in control.

 Legal Uncertainty

 For those who carry firearms for personal protection, there may be a lot of uncertainty and confusion around the legalities of self-defense, use of force, and other related issues. In our Apex Concealed Carry program, we specialize in responsible firearm use and legal education, ensuring that members are well-informed and prepared to make safe and legal decisions in any situation.

 Lack of Confidence

 Some individuals may be interested in personal defense but feel hesitant to pursue training due to a lack of confidence or experience with firearms or self-defense techniques. We can help by our beginner-friendly programs and experienced instructors who can provide guidance and support to help members build their skills and confidence.

 Cost of Ammunition

 The cost of regularly purchasing ammunition can quickly become expensive. This can prevent individuals from receiving the training they need to feel confident and prepared for self-defense situations. First Shield Defense addresses this by highlighting the use of the SIRT Training Pistol. This allows members to practice their defensive shooting skills in a safe and controlled environment, without the added expense of live rounds.

 ## Jiu Jitsu- Gi

 What most people consider "traditional". Our Gi program is geared towards beginner and intermediate students, learning and practicing the fundamentals. the uniform or 'Gi" as it is called, provides the student with a challenge as the uniform is able to be held and used in both defensive and offensive exchanges.

 ## Jiu Jitsu- No Gi

 'No Gi" refers to the uniform NOT being worn for the class. No Gi attire is typically a rashguard and shorts (similar to wrestling). Students in this class will be learning the same concepts as the Gi class but the students will not be able to grab the clothing. Many of the techniques between the Gi and No Gi classes and interchangeable with slight adjustments. We offer No Gi training that is focused on Beginners only, Intermediate and advanced classes. Our competition team is highly focused on No Gi competition and training

 ## Boxing- Adults and Kids

 The Boxing program focus is on the fundamental concepts of old school boxing. Students will be learning techniques and practicing through live drilling, pad work and sparring. Kids boxing is also offered with very similar guidelines and class structure.

 ## Wrestling

 Our wrestling program is geared towards teaching people the fundamentals of wrestling. With many students taking this class that are currently in the MMA, Boxing or Jiu Jitsu program, it acts as a tool for them to enhance their combat skills. Shoes are not required for this class.

 ## Kickboxing/ Muay Thai

 Our Kickboxing/Muay Thai program focuses on teaching our students to combine their hands with Kicks, knees, elbows and clinch work. This is a challenging program that requires a lot of physical coordination and patience. We offer both beginners and all levels classes.

 ## MMA

 This program is our most inclusive. MMA combines the skills of Jiu Jitsu, Boxing, Kick-Boxing, Wrestling and Judo to create the most in depth and effective combat system in the world. This class is very challenging as students are required to develop skills in multiple disciplines. This program is often practiced by new members who are looking to challenge themselves or existing members who are looking to expand their skillset.

 ## Jiu Jitsu-Kids

 Our kids program practices in both Gi and No Gi training. The training for kids is very similar to adults with slightly more focus on drilling and adapting to new techniques. With kids ages 5-7, coaches focus on situational games to enhance students attention and learning ability. With ages 8-12, students are encouraged to drill and practice at a higher level with much more room for creativity. All classes have live sparring/training where the students can implement their techniques in a live, controlled combat situation.

 ## Judo

 Judo is a highly technical and traditional Martial Art that focuses on takedowns and throws through energy transfer and the utilization of leverage and misdirection. We offer this class with Gi and No Gi. Similar to our Jiu Jitsu program, many of the techniques are applicable across both practices with slight adjustments

 # COME TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## Connect with us

 Email Us

 [email protected]

 Call Us

 +1419 7648609

 Address

 5201 Monroe St, Toledo, Ohio,
 US, 43623
 5660 Monroe St, Sylvania, Ohio
 43560
 126 W South Boundary St, Perrysburg, Ohio.
 43551

 ## Times of Operation

 Monday & Wednesday

 06:30 - 07:30 am
 12-1pm/ 05pm-8:15pm

 Tuesday & Thursday

 06:30am - 07:30 am
 05pm-8:15pm

 Friday

 06:30 - 07:30 am
 12-1pm/ 05pm-7:30pm

 Saturday/Sunday

 11am-2pm/11am-3pm

 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

 © Copyright 2024 | Site by Zen planner
