---
source_url: https://adamasjiujitsutoledo.com
final_url: https://adamasjiujitsutoledo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:57.307Z
---

[email protected]

 +1419 7648609

 -
 - - Home - About Us - Programs - Calendar - Book Now - Blog - Contact Us

 # Start your free trial!

 Try any or all of our programs free for one week!

 Book now!

 # Start your free trial!

 Try any or all of our programs free for one week!

 Book now!

 ## Adamas Jiu Jitsu the areas premier martial arts facility!

 Here at Adamas we offer true World Class instruction in a safe, friendly and clean environment catering to beginner thru professional, for both kids and adults.

 We offer classes in Judo, Wrestling, Boxing, Kickboxing , MMA and Jiu Jitsu. Our Jiu Jitsu program is taught by active professional athletes that have won multiple adult black belt world titles as well as adcc medals and are known the world over as some of the best in the sport at this time. Our head Jiu Jitsu instructor and part owner is currently the number 5 ranked pound for pound grappler in the world and is widley regarded and recognized as one of the best practitioners currently active.

 Concerns About Personal Safety

 Many individuals may be fearful for their safety or the safety of their loved ones, whether they live in a high-crime area, have experienced violence before, or simply want to feel more confident in their ability to protect themselves and others. First Shield Defense addresses this by emphasizing focus on personal defense and the practical skills taught to help individuals feel safer and more in control.

 Legal Uncertainty

 For those who carry firearms for personal protection, there may be a lot of uncertainty and confusion around the legalities of self-defense, use of force, and other related issues. In our Apex Concealed Carry program, we specialize in responsible firearm use and legal education, ensuring that members are well-informed and prepared to make safe and legal decisions in any situation.

 Lack of Confidence

 Some individuals may be interested in personal defense but feel hesitant to pursue training due to a lack of confidence or experience with firearms or self-defense techniques. We can help by our beginner-friendly programs and experienced instructors who can provide guidance and support to help members build their skills and confidence.

 Cost of Ammunition

 The cost of regularly purchasing ammunition can quickly become expensive. This can prevent individuals from receiving the training they need to feel confident and prepared for self-defense situations. First Shield Defense addresses this by highlighting the use of the SIRT Training Pistol. This allows members to practice their defensive shooting skills in a safe and controlled environment, without the added expense of live rounds.

 ## Choose Your Program

 Adamas Jiu Jitsu, Boxing, MMA

 Jiu Jitsu

 Kids Jiu Jitsu

 Judo

 Boxing

 Kickboxing

 MMA/Wrestling

 # 1

 Get Familiar with our programs and instructors

 # 2

 Use our AI chat or reach out directly via email or phone call for any additional information

 # 3

 Book your Free Trail and start your journey today!

 # COME TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## Connect with us

 Email Us

 [email protected]

 Call Us

 +1419 7648609

 Address

 5201 Monroe St, Toledo, Ohio,
 US, 43623
 5660 Monroe St, Sylvania, Ohio
 43560
 126 W South Boundary St, Perrysburg, Ohio.
 43551

 ## Times of Operation

 Monday & Wednesday

 06:30 - 07:30 am
 12-1pm/ 05pm-8:15pm

 Tuesday & Thursday

 06:30am - 07:30 am
 05pm-8:15pm

 Friday

 06:30 - 07:30 am
 12-1pm/ 05pm-7:30pm

 Saturday/Sunday

 11am-2pm/11am-3pm

 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

 © Copyright 2024 | Site by Zen planner
