---
source_url: https://nxgcombatsports.com/mma-classes-montgomery-al
final_url: https://nxgcombatsports.com/mma-classes-montgomery-al
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:37.917Z
---

# MMA training in Montgomery, AL #### where students become fighters! At NXG Combat Sports, our MMA Fight Team blends striking, grappling, and conditioning into one complete system. This isn't cardio kickboxing, this is real mixed martial arts training designed to build athletes who will be prepared to step into the arena.

 Looking for legitimate MMA training in Montgomery, Prattville, Millbrook or Wetumpka - Come visit the River Regions most accomplished gym!

 #### mma fighter development program At NXG Combat Sports, we don't offer casual MMA classes. We build fighters!

 Our MMA Program is a fighter development track - not a drop in class. It's reserved for students who have proven themselves through consistent training in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Kickboxing classes.

 If your goal is to become a real MMA fighter, this is the next step in your journey

 #### How mma training works at nxg Unlike many gyms, MMA isn't a beginner program.

 To be considered for our fighter development program you must:

 - Train consistently in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - Train consistently in Kickboxing - Show discipline, coachability, and work ethic

 Selected students will then be invited into advanced MMA training.

 #### what is the fighter development program This is where everything comes together bringing you one step closer to your goal.

 - Striking and Grappling Integration - Cage wall work and positioning - Fight strategy and conditioning - Live, high-level sparring

 This program is designed athletes preparing for real MMA competition

 #### where to start If you goal is MMA, your first step is simple:

 Start with our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Kickboxing programs

 This builds your foundational skills - from there you can earn your way into our fighter development program

 #### Why NXG is different Most gyms sell the idea of MMA

 At NXG, we develop athletes who are actually prepared for it...

 - Structured progression (not random classes) - Experienced Coaching - Training with Professional & Amateur fighters - A real competition pathway

 #### train with purpose This isn't for everyone - and that's exactly why it works. If you are willing to put in the work, NXG provides a clear path from beginner to fighter!

 Start your training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Kickboxing today - and begin earning your way to the next level.

 Schedule a Trial class

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
