---
source_url: https://ndalodi.com/open-mat
final_url: https://ndalodi.com/open-mat
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:14.339Z
---

- Home - Contact - Class Schedule

 1 Week FREE Trial!

 Sign Up TODAY

 # Open Mat

 The Nick Diaz Academy (NDA) hosts an exclusive Open Mat session every Saturday, tailored specifically for its students. This dedicated practice time is a unique opportunity for NDA members to refine their skills, experiment with new techniques, and engage in sparring sessions with fellow practitioners in a controlled environment. Unlike many martial arts schools that offer open mat sessions to the public, the Nick Diaz Academy maintains an exclusive policy for these sessions, prohibiting drop-ins. This approach ensures a cohesive and familiar training environment, allowing students to focus on their development with peers who share a common training background and objectives. The exclusivity of the Open Mat at NDA fosters a strong sense of community and camaraderie among its members, further enhancing the learning and training experience within the academy.

 Claim Your 1 Week FREE Trial!

 ## FAQS

 #### What should I wear to my first class?

 For your first class, it's important to wear comfortable, flexible clothing that allows for a wide range of motion. Most beginners opt for a T-shirt and athletic shorts without pockets or loops, to prevent fingers and toes from getting caught. It's also essential to practice good hygiene, so make sure your clothes are clean and you're well-groomed, as Jiu-Jitsu involves close physical contact with others. If the academy requires it, you may need to purchase a Gi (the traditional Jiu-Jitsu uniform) eventually, but for your first class, simple athletic wear should suffice. Additionally, remove any jewelry or accessories to avoid injuries and ensure safety for both you and your training partners.

 #### Is Mixed Martial Arts safe for beginners?

 Yes, Jiu Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts can be safe for beginners when taught by experienced instructors in a controlled environment. At Nick Diaz Academy Lodi, safety is our top priority. We start with fundamental techniques, emphasize proper form, and ensure a gradual progression as you build skills. With the right guidance and respect for your training partners, Jiu-Jitsu can be a safe and enjoyable martial art for all skill levels.

 #### How often should I train in to see progress?

 The frequency of your training depends on your goals and availability. To see consistent progress, we recommend starting with 2-3 classes per week. This allows you to develop a solid foundation. As you advance, you might choose to train more frequently. Remember, consistency and dedication are key to improving in Martial Arts, so find a schedule that works for you and stick with it.

 Email: nda.in.lodi@gmail.com

 Phone : (209) 340-0020

 Address: 24 W Elm St.

 ## Copyright 2024|Nick Diaz Academy Lodi. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Navizio
