---
source_url: https://ndalodi.com
final_url: https://ndalodi.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:14.528Z
---

- Home - About - Contact - Class Schedule - Sign Up

 1 Week FREE Trial!

 Sign Up TODAY

 # Nick Diaz Academy Jiu Jitsu

 # Nick Diaz Academy # Jiu Jitsu # & # Mixed Martial Arts

 # Mix Martial Arts

 Welcome to the world of Mixed Martial Arts, where the art of combat meets the spirit of discipline and self-discovery. Nick Diaz Academy Lodi will take you on a dynamic journey of:

 - Jiu Jitsu - Striking - Judo - Boxing - Wrestling - Kickboxing

 Transcending physical ability to achieve mental fortitude and a deep-rooted sense of RESPECT. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or just taking your first steps onto the mat, our mission is to inspire, educate, and connect individuals passionate about martial arts.

 Welcome to the world of Mixed Martial Arts, where the art of combat meets the spirit of discipline and self-discovery. Nick Diaz Academy Lodi will take you on a dynamic journey of:

 - Jiu Jitsu - Striking - Judo - Boxing - Wrestling - Kickboxing

 transcending physical ability to achieve mental fortitude and a deep-rooted sense of RESPECT. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or just taking your first steps onto the mat, our mission is to inspire, educate, and connect individuals passionate about martial arts.

 Claim Your FREE Week Trial!

 Subscribe to our YouTube Page

 ## Who We Are

 NDA Lodi, rooted in the teachings of Cesar Gracie Jiu Jitsu and the martial arts expertise of Nick and Nate Diaz, offers a wide array of training opportunities in disciplines such as jiu-jitsu, boxing, wrestling, kickboxing, and MMA. This training is tailored not only for those aiming to compete at high levels but also for individuals interested in enhancing their self-defense capabilities.
 At NDA Lodi, our training philosophy is anchored in the rigor of practice, with a meticulous focus on the nuances of technique. We offer programs for both children and adults, ensuring that everyone, regardless of age or objective, gains the skills and confidence needed to thrive, whether that's on the competitive stage, in self-defense situations, or in pursuit of better health and fitness.

 Leading our team is Lucas Gamaza, a Black Belt with two decades of experience training with the Diaz brothers and absorbing wisdom from foremost experts in the martial arts world. Lucas's track record is adorned with a string of successes in both jiu-jitsu competitions and MMA bouts, positioning him as a treasure trove of knowledge and expertise for our members.

 Claim Your 1 Week FREE Trial!

 ## Our Services

 ## Self-Defense Training

 ## Striking, Kick Boxing, & Boxing

 Self-defense techniques rooted from Jiu-Jitsu, Boxing, and Kick Boxing. Gain confidence in your ability to protect yourself and your loved ones. Learn how to stay safe and composed in real-life situations through expert guidance.

 Read More

 ## Competitive Training

 Jiu Jitsu, Judo, and Wrestling

 Elevate your Jiu-Jitsu , Judo, and Wrestling game with our intensive competition-focused training. Join a team of driven athletes and sharpen your skills in pursuit of victory.

 Read More

 ## Open Mat Sessions

 Connect with fellow enthusiasts, exchange knowledge, and refine your technique. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned pro, our mats are open to all.

 Read More

 ## Jiu Jitsu Classes

 Achieve peak physical fitness with our specialized Jiu-Jitsu-inspired workouts. Improve strength, endurance, and agility while staying true to the art's principles. Get in shape, break a sweat, and unleash your inner warrior in our dynamic classes.

 Read More

 Claim Your 1 Week FREE Trial!

 # WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY

 ## Testimonials

 Nick Diaz Academy Lodi,
 Life Changed Through Jiu-Jitsu & MMA

 Claim Your 1 Week FREE Trial!

 A perfect environment for adults, teens, and children to learn the arts of self-defense from a close to the source black belt who has both been a world champion in BJJ and had a successful career in the octagon.

 # Nicolette Ricker

 Best Jiu jitsu in Lodi. Luke is the man! Highly recommended. Cesar Gracie Jiu Jitsu / Nick Diaz Academy/ Represent / Skrappack. Kid friendly

 # J Santos

 ## FAQS

 #### What should I wear to my first class?

 For your first class, it's important to wear comfortable, flexible clothing that allows for a wide range of motion. Most beginners opt for a T-shirt and athletic shorts without pockets or loops, to prevent fingers and toes from getting caught. It's also essential to practice good hygiene, so make sure your clothes are clean and you're well-groomed, as Jiu-Jitsu involves close physical contact with others. If the academy requires it, you may need to purchase a Gi (the traditional Jiu-Jitsu uniform) eventually, but for your first class, simple athletic wear should suffice. Additionally, remove any jewelry or accessories to avoid injuries and ensure safety for both you and your training partners.

 #### Is Mixed Martial Arts safe for beginners?

 Yes, Jiu Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts can be safe for beginners when taught by experienced instructors in a controlled environment. At Nick Diaz Academy Lodi, safety is our top priority. We start with fundamental techniques, emphasize proper form, and ensure a gradual progression as you build skills. With the right guidance and respect for your training partners, Jiu-Jitsu can be a safe and enjoyable martial art for all skill levels.

 #### How often should I train in to see progress?

 The frequency of your training depends on your goals and availability. To see consistent progress, we recommend starting with 2-3 classes per week. This allows you to develop a solid foundation. As you advance, you might choose to train more frequently. Remember, consistency and dedication are key to improving in Martial Arts, so find a schedule that works for you and stick with it.

 OUR TEAM

 Our team is a tight-knit community of passionate practitioners dedicated to the life time journey of martial arts. We are more than just a team; we are a support system, a group of friends, and a place where individuals from all walks of life come together to learn and grow through martial arts. Our experienced instructors bring years of expertise, emphasizing both technical proficiency and the values of respect, discipline, and camaraderie. Whether you're a beginner looking to start your journey in MMA or an experienced practitioner seeking to refine your skills, our team is here to guide and inspire you. Join us in pursuing excellence on the mats and building lasting friendships off of them."

 ## Get In Touch

 Email: nda.in.lodi@gmail.com

 Address : 24 W Elm St.

 Assistance Hours :

 Mon – Sat 9:00am - 8:00pm

 Sunday – CLOSED

 Email: nda.in.lodi@gmail.com

 Phone : (209) 340-0020

 Address: 24 W Elm St.

 ## Copyright 2024|Nick Diaz Academy Lodi. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Navizio
