---
source_url: http://www.lowtidebjj.com
final_url: https://www.lowtidebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:47.791Z
---

# WELCOME TO
 # LOW TIDE STUDIOS
 CANONMILLS, EDINBURGH

 ##### JOIN US IN THE STUDIO
 Welcome to Low Tide BJJ, a Martial Arts and Fitness Studio located in Canonmills, Edinburgh. We have two studio spaces :The Loft and The Workshop.
 ​
 Upstairs The Loft is home to all our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Yoga classes, while downstairs The Workshop provides a space for kickboxing, circuit training, our unique Jiu Fitsu classes, plus a weight-lifting area.
 Our mission is to make movement and BJJ classes accessible to everyone and foster a safe and playful environment for everyone to train in. ​​​Come and join us today for a fun and challenging session!

 Our Classes

 ## JOIN A FITNESS CLASS
 All of our fitness and introductory classes are open to everyone - you don't need to be a member. This includes INTRO TO BJJ, YOGA, COMBAT CIRCUITS, and KICKBOXING . Book on to a class today by clicking below or through ClassPass. ​

 Book On

 ## JOIN A BJJ CLASS
 Beginners can try BJJ with us by booking onto one of our INTRO TO BJJ sessions. ​
 Experienced BJJ Practitioners can get in touch to trial one of our CORE BJJ or TOTAL BJJ classes.
 We do not accept unannounced drop-ins but you can click below to request to visit.
 ​

 I'm A Beginner
 I'm Experienced
 I'm A Visitor

 ## ​
 ​

 MORE

 FOLLOW US @lowtidebjj

 #### GET IN TOUCH
 ###### EMAIL US AT
 ###### info@lowtidebjj.com
 ###### OR CONTACT US BELOW
 Thanks for submitting!

 Submit

 #### WHERE TO FIND US
 ##### LOCATION ###### Located in Canonmills, only a ten minute walk from Edinburgh City Centre. ###### ​ ###### The Loft: 251F Rodney Street, Edinburgh, EH7 4DZ ###### The Workshop: 25A Rodney Street, Edinburgh, EH7 4DZ
