---
source_url: https://www.sessionsbjj.com/schedule
final_url: https://www.sessionsbjj.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:10.005Z
---

# Our Schedule

 We offer opportunities to train 7 days per week. Check out the schedule below…

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Brazilian jiu-jitsu focuses on the gi and relies on grips to control and submit larger opponents. Our gi classes are structured to provide you with a solid base of fundamentals as well as advanced techniques as you progress.
 - Monday 7:00PM until 8:30PM (fundamentals) - Wednesday 7:00PM until 8:30PM (all levels)
 Class includes warmups, technique review, and live rolls.

 ## NoGi Jiu-Jitsu

 NoGi, as the name implies, is performed without the traditional gi and tends to be more fast-paced. With no material to grip, NoGi relies on a modified set of controls for sweeps and submissions. We recommend that all students train in both disciplines.
 - Tuesday 12:00PM until 1:00PM (fundamentals) - Thursday 7PM until 8:30PM (all levels)
 Class includes warmups, technique review, and live rolls.

 ## Open Mat

 Open mat is a perfect opportunity to drill the techniques you’ve been working on during classes and to get some extra rolls. All belt and skill levels are welcome to attend. Bring your Gi or NoGi attire (or both).
 - Friday 12:00PM until 1:00PM - Saturday 9:00AM until 11:00AM - Sunday 8:00AM until 9:30 AM
 *Session’s open mats are designated for current members and invites only.

 ## I want to train! To get started, click the button below, fill out the form, and we’ll get you scheduled to stop in for your free class.

 Free Trial Class
 Free Trial Class

 If you are from out of town and want to drop in, click here
