---
source_url: https://bjjmadison.com/kidsclasses/
final_url: https://bjjmadison.com/kidsclasses/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:48.115Z
---

Skip to content # Kids Program

 Studies show that kids who enroll in martial arts tend to have better grades, understand the importance of goal setting, have higher self esteem, and develop personal discipline. And the best part is that they do this all while having fun! The training your child will receive at Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu will last a life time. We will help your child achieve their full potential by increasing their self-esteem and confidence while teaching them an effective martial art.
 ### Benefits of Kids Training Jiu-Jitsu - Gaining and Increasing Confidence in Themselves - Increased Self-Control - Improve Their Fitness Level and General Health - Learn Self-Advocacy - Build New Relationships and Make New Friends - Have Fun!
 ### Benefits of Training at Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu - Our curriculum is tested and proven on the World’s Stage by 12 time World Champion, Caio Terra. - Our children’s coach and instructor is a licensed teacher with over 17 years experience. - We teach how to prevent bullying and how to respond to bullies. - A brand new facility. - A Safe, Friendly and Inclusive Environment
 Valarie earns her first stripe from coach Karen You and your child will have the opportunity to attend 5 classes for free. We want you to be confident that we are the right fit for you and your family before you make any commitments. When you decide to join our team we have very simple and transparent no long term contract pricing with family discounts ( details here ).

 “My family is in year 3 of training at Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu. Such an excellent place to learn BJJ. My two kids are thriving in the 3-day per week kids program. I attend all of the womens only classes plus two additional training days per week. It’s a friendly culture that promotes respect and care of your training partner. There’s a good balance of concepts and technique. Take advantage of their generous free trial option. Come get on the mats and train!” -Gretchen Cardoso

 “This is an amazing gym for kids and adults the kids class is so much fun to watch and my kids both love coming to class it’s helped my shy niece come more out of her shell more and my son be more active and focused. The teachers are so good with all the kids very young to older kids and extremely patient and very fun! I can not recommend this g enough to people interested in jitsu!!” -Taarna White

 To schedule a tour of our academy or if you have any further questions, please contact instructor Karen Vieth via at [email protected] or by text at (608) 886-3926 .You can also simply fill out the form below and we will be in touch right away.

 ##### FOLLOW US!

 Facebook-f Instagram Youtube

 ### Start your FREE TRIAL

 If you have any questions or comments please let us know using this comment form and we’ll get back to you within 24 hours. Thank you!
 If you would like to request your 5 class free trial please fill out the form below.
 If you want to learn more about us or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in general you can click on the links in our menu bar at the top of every page or you can follow these links:
 For general information about our program including maps to our location, our phone number or other ways to contact us, or brief information about our mission and philosophy and the philosophy of the Caio Terra Association go to our home page . If you just want to see our weekly schedule, check out our schedule page .
 If you want more information about Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu (a Caio Terra Academy) and what we stand for read our About Us page .
 Information about our instructors including bios and history please visit our instructor information page and click on the instructor that you would like to know more about.
 We also have interesting articles written by our instructors and members .
 Let us know if there is anything else that you would like to see using the contact for above
