---
source_url: https://bjjmadison.com/schedule/
final_url: https://bjjmadison.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:52.286Z
---

Skip to content # Schedule

 ## Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu class schedule Find class description in calendar links or below the calendar on this page.
 ## Check back here regularly for pop-up classes and holiday hours. Contact us here to schedule an introductory class or just to let us know that you’re dropping in!

 ### Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals This class provides students with the foundation of Brazilian Jiu-J itsu following the curriculum of Professor Caio Terra. You will learn all of the basic positions as well as defensive and offensive techniques from each position. This class is perfectly suited and designed for complete beginners. However, all students regardless of rank or skill are welcome to this class. General itinerary: warm-up, technique review, new technique instruction, Q&A, and positional sparring (rolling)

 ### Jiu-Jitsu Advanced Adding to the principles and techniques taught in the Fundamentals classes, Advanced classes incorporate more technical detail and more progressive positioning. All students regardless of rank or skill level are welcome to this class. General itinerary: technique review, new technique instruction, positional sparring (rolling), and live or free/unstructured sparring rounds.

 ### Women’s Class This class follows the curriculum of Professor Caio Terra and offers women of all abilities an opportunity to train and roll together. Our general itinerary: yoga warm-up, technique instructional, positional drilling, and live rolling.

 ### Free! Women’s fundamentals This class is held every third Sunday of the month at 10:30am. It is always free of charge and open to all! It is a very beginner friendly class that serves as a great introduction to Jiu-Jitsu for women who are interested in the art/sport and want to get started in a safe, friendly, and welcoming environment.

 ### NO GI Drill to Win Our No Gi Drill to Win class is an intensive hour-long class of positional sparring with no technique instruction. This class is open to students of any level of experience, but isn’t recommended as your first class.

 ### Open gym As opposed to our weekly Open Mat, this time slot is reserved for members only. All members are welcome to come in, drill, study, roll, stretch, work out, ask questions, or just hang out! This is a great time for students to further their individual study and practice outside of the confines of a class, or to just get some drilling or training rounds in with a friend!

 ### No Gi Jiu-Jitsu Our No Gi class focuses on the aspects of Jiu-Jitsu that are more prevalent in the No Gi game and the various No Gi competitive rulesets. This class will include extensive study of leglocks, strangles, and various modalities of wrestling. All students regardless of rank or skill are welcome to this class. General itinerary: warm-up, technique review, new technique instruction, Q&A, and positional & live sparring (rolling).

 Contact

 ##### FOLLOW US!

 Facebook-f Instagram Youtube

 ### Start your FREE TRIAL

 If you have any questions or comments please let us know using this comment form and we’ll get back to you within 24 hours. Thank you!
 If you would like to request your 5 class free trial please fill out the form below.
 If you want to learn more about us or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in general you can click on the links in our menu bar at the top of every page or you can follow these links:
 For general information about our program including maps to our location, our phone number or other ways to contact us, or brief information about our mission and philosophy and the philosophy of the Caio Terra Association go to our home page . If you just want to see our weekly schedule, check out our schedule page .
 If you want more information about Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu (a Caio Terra Academy) and what we stand for read our About Us page .
 Information about our instructors including bios and history please visit our instructor information page and click on the instructor that you would like to know more about.
 We also have interesting articles written by our instructors and members .
 Let us know if there is anything else that you would like to see using the contact for above
