---
source_url: https://bjjmadison.com/early-morning-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://bjjmadison.com/early-morning-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:52.597Z
---

# Early Morning Jiu-Jitsu!

 Early morning Jiu-Jitsu: the 6 A.M. Drill to Win class at Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu. Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu will now be adding early morning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes to the schedule . They will be held every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 6:30 A.M. Each class will be an hour long and will include concise and focused technique instruction and repetition, followed by intensive rounds of positional rolling/sparring.
 ## Rise and Shine Early morning Jiu-Jitsu classes are a perfect way to start your day. For people with busy schedules, especially those with families at home, training early in the morning is a great way to stay active and involved in Jiu-Jitsu while not sacrificing time with your family in the evening. It also provides a healthy and positive start to your day.
 If you don’t think you’re a morning person, give yourself a week to adjust to morning training and you will wonder how you ever lived without it. Also, with the class being relatively short (one hour), focused, and intense, it’ll leave you feeling great for the rest of your day.
 ## Drill to Win The basic format of our early morning classes places a heavy emphasis on positional drilling and positional rolling, hence the name of the class: Drill to Win.
 Positional drilling and positional rolling are indispensable and essential training tools that will ensure your progress in Jiu-Jitsu. Too often, and in many Jiu-Jitsu academies across the world, students are left to repeat techniques without focus, depth of understanding, or realistic feedback. After a few minutes, boredom usually sets in. Afterwards they are let loose to roll “from the knees,” with no goal or purpose other than to submit their partner. While this might seem like a good way to simulate a sporting match or a fight – putting the emphasis on the finish/submission alone – it is actually a very poor way to practice and learn Jiu-Jitsu (or any sport/art, for that matter).
 Positional drilling and rolling starts from a specific position and allows the student to be creative within that given position. Starting from a specific position, and resetting once that position is advanced or regressed, forces the student to focus on the execution of a closed system of techniques. It also provides them with a very clear goal and immediate feedback regarding the efficacy of their technical abilities. It is a great way to learn by trial and error.
 Positional rolling will also put the student in many positions that they would never otherwise find themselves in an unstructured training session. For example, many upper-belt students simply never have the opportunity to escape back control or bottom mount when rolling with lower-belt students. Positional sparring will force them into uncomfortable, and uncommon, positions. Being comfortable in uncomfortable situations is a huge part of being successful in Jiu-Jitsu.
 Positional drilling and rolling, more than any other method of training, will put students in the most uncomfortable situations, will give them a clear goal, and will also provide them with immediate feedback as to the effectiveness of any given technique. In short, it will force them to become a more well-rounded athlete and practitioner.
 ## Expanded Schedule At Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu we are always looking for ways to improve the experience of our students and to allow them every opportunity to train. Adding variety to the format of the classes is just as important as plugging in additional time slots. We are very excited to add the Drill to Win class to our schedule, and look forward to seeing a lot of new faces at 6:30 A.M. in 2019!
 ## Start Today! If you would like to join us for our early morning Drill to Win classes, contact us to set up your free trial today! See you on the mats!
