---
source_url: https://bjjmadison.com
final_url: https://bjjmadison.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:52.902Z
---

Skip to content # sanctuary

 ## Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 FREE TRIAL

 SCHEDULE

 ## JIU-JITSU FOR EVERYONE

 Whether you are looking for self-defense, physical fitness, a new hobby, or new friends and community you will find a home at Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu.
 Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu in Madison, Wisconsin is a Caio Terra Academy and we strictly follow the curriculum personally developed by 12-time Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu world champion Caio Terra , one of the best BJJ instructors in the world. No matter what your goals are our curriculum, which has been tested on the world’s biggest stage, can help you achieve your goal. Our goal, like that of our professor, isn’t just to build champions on the mat, but where it matters most: IN LIFE!

 ## WHICH SANCTUARY JIU-JITSU CLASSES ARE YOU INTERESTED IN?

 ## Adult Class

 At Sanctuary, we’re dedicated to providing a dynamic platform for adults of all skill levels and abilities to embark on their journey through the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Whether you’re a beginner looking to start your martial arts journey or a seasoned practitioner seeking to refine and expand your game, our expert instructors provide comprehensive training in a supportive, challenging, and inclusive environment.

 More Information

 Start Free Trial

 ## Women's Class

 This class follows the curriculum of Professor Caio Terra and offers women of all abilities and skills the opportunity to train and roll together. Women’s Open Mat creates a space for women from all academies to come together and train. Women-only events are important in growing our Jiu-Jitsu community, supporting one another, and diversifying our training. All abilities and affiliations are welcome.

 More Information

 Start Free Trial

 ## Kids' Class

 Studies show that kids who enroll in martial arts tend to have better grades, understand the importance of goal setting, have higher self esteem, and develop personal discipline. And the best part is that they do this all while having fun! We will help your child achieve their full potential by increasing their self-esteem and confidence while teaching them an effective martial art .

 More Information

 Start Free Trial

 ## TECHINIQUE CONQUERS ALL

 At Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu we want to ensure that we are a right fit for you, and that you are a right fit for us. Schedule your free trial today to experience one of the best BJJ gyms in Madison WI with no risk or obligation.

 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL

 ## YOU DON'T HAVE TO TAKE OUR WORD FOR IT

 Check out the reviews from our members here!

 Dierdre Hatton Earlier this year, I visited Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu to attend their free Women’s Self-Defense Seminar. I have no background in jiu-jitsu (or any other martial art) and tend to feel out of place when visiting gyms I’m not a regular member of - but coaches Jordan and Karen made myself and the friends I attended with feel welcome and comfortable. They empowered each of us to use strengths we already possess and taught invaluable new skills. Their shared passion for their craft really shined during this two-day session, making jiu-jitsu feel un-intimidating and approachable. I would absolutely return here if they hold more of these kinds of classes in the future and have recommended this gym to many of my friends since!

 Dale Stinson     

 I can't recommend Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu enough. It is such an amazing place! When I decided to finally give BJJ a try after many years of admiring the sport/art from a far, I wasn't sure how it would go--especially as someone starting out late in life. I am so thankful I found Sanctuary. The instructors are top notch, extremely helpful, attentive, and encouraging. Moreover the community of people at Sanctuary is absolutely incredible. Come train with us and experience it for yourself!

 Kim Subscribes I was traveling for work & reached out to the professor in advance to see if I could drop in. My first visit to Sanctuary, but I found it to be a great environment to train while away from home. Other jujitsukas were not just helpful to me, but I saw how encouraging they were to each other. Also noticed some diversity, which is always great. I agree with another comment about it being intense but safe! Would definitely go back when I'm in the area. Thank you for your hospitality & generosity, Jordan!

 Joel Chesebro Beautiful (very clean) gym. A place where everyone will feel comfortable and safe to train, great women’s and kid’s program, very high-level instruction. I have been training for almost 20 years and travel for my job so I have trained all over the United States and feel very lucky that this is in my backyard.

 Olivia Watson Sanctuary Jiu Jitsu is one of my favorite places to train. When I came into Madison for work, I heard about them from a friend and I keep making special trips back there even after my work in the area is done just to train because the people are so great, the Jiu Jitsu they teach is top level, and their facility is super clean with a great atmosphere. I highly recommend this place!

 Liam Norberg As someone who stepped away from Brazilian jiu jitsu for 4-5 years (as a blue belt) who wanted to return to the sport, I was apprehensive about returning. I was so elated to come across Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu. I was looking a gym that: was clean; coaches/instructors that had an infectious passion, positive attitude great knowledge of BJJ, but a humble learner as well; great gym environment that it's fun; and a month-to-month plan. After talking to Jordan and going the trial classes, it was an easy decision to join Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu as Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu is what I was looking for!

 Kate cullen I brought my daughters, 11 and 13, to the women's self-defense class and the experience exceeding all my expectations. The staff at Sanctuary made us feel so welcome and comfortable. The instructors, Jordan and Karen were wonderful, and I can't wait to go back. I look forward to trying other classes and highly recommend checking it out!!!

 Phil Craig I have belonged to several gyms throughout my martial arts journey. Sanctuary by far is my favorite. The diversity of the people that train, the camaraderie, and the overall community support within the organization is unmatched. The instructors are always attentive, willing to provide feedback, and eager to help. Come train with us, this will be my home for years to come.

 Chelsea lahee I took a Women's self-defense class here and absolutely loved it! The teachers broke every move down and made the steps easy to follow. They covered multiple scenarios that you may be in and how to defend yourself in each. I was nervous going into it since I had not done anything like this before, but the staff quickly makes you feel comfortable! I thoroughly enjoyed learning from this establishment and feel more confident in myself if I am ever in a situation where I would need to use the moves I learned. Can't recommend Sanctuary enough!

 justin haines Excellent facility and even better people. I was on vacation in the Dells made the 45 minute drive based off the reviews and wasn’t disappointed. Everyone was extremely welcoming, and the classes were amazing. Thank you Jordan for the hospitality I’ll definitely be back next year!

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu offers a variety of classes every day of the week. While our regular Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class schedule is set we are often adding new pop-up classes.
 Our calendar has one of the most robust programs of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Madison WI.
 If you are looking for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes near you at a great academy, our expansive Brazilian Jiu-jitsu class schedule has several options that fit your needs. Private lessons are also available upon request.
 To see our most up-to-date class schedule or learn more about us click the “class schedule” button.

 ## Where is Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu?

 📍 46 N Bryan St, Madison, WI 53714

 ### [email protected]

 ### 1-608-852-7405

 ## FOLLOW US ON OUR SOCIALS!

 ### INSTAGRAM

 FOLLOW US!

 ### FACEBOOK

 FOLLOW US!

 ### YOUTUBE

 FOLLOW US!

 ### Start your FREE TRIAL

 If you have any questions or comments please let us know using this comment form and we’ll get back to you within 24 hours. Thank you!
 If you would like to request your 5 class free trial please fill out the form below.
 If you want to learn more about us or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in general you can click on the links in our menu bar at the top of every page or you can follow these links:
 For general information about our program including maps to our location, our phone number or other ways to contact us, or brief information about our mission and philosophy and the philosophy of the Caio Terra Association go to our home page . If you just want to see our weekly schedule, check out our schedule page .
 If you want more information about Sanctuary Jiu-Jitsu (a Caio Terra Academy) and what we stand for read our About Us page .
 Information about our instructors including bios and history please visit our instructor information page and click on the instructor that you would like to know more about.
 We also have interesting articles written by our instructors and members .
 Let us know if there is anything else that you would like to see using the contact for above
