---
source_url: https://www.cliokarate.com
final_url: https://www.cliokarate.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:22.419Z
---

Class Shedule 2 Week Trial Little Ninja Sign Up Student Class Register Online Workout Adult

 Welcome To Clio Karate. We specifically train in the art of Tang Soo Do. Tang Soo Do is a Traditional Martial Art that has been around for centuries. Tang Soo Do translated is: "The Way of The Open Hand to Defend and Strike." Tang Soo Do is a stand up style where we teach techniques of blocking, kicking, punching and proper stances. We also teach many Forms throughout the Tang Soo Do journey as well as Basic Actions, Self Defense and Sparring. In addition we focus on developing every aspect of self, respect for oneself and for others, discipline, focus, and we build confidence. We are family oriented and we encourage families to train together. Tang Soo Do is something that everyone can do regardless of age, or gender. Why not give it a try? What other activity can you join your children in? | | Welcome To Clio Karate. We specifically train in the art of Tang Soo Do. Tang Soo Do is a Traditional Martial Art that has been around for centuries. Tang Soo Do translated is: "The Way of The Open Hand to Defend and Strike." Tang Soo Do is a stand up style where we teach techniques of blocking, kicking, punching and proper stances. We also teach many Forms throughout the Tang Soo Do journey as well as Basic Actions, Self Defense and Sparring. In addition we focus on developing every aspect of self, respect for oneself and for others, discipline, focus, and we build confidence. We are family oriented and we encourage families to train together. Tang Soo Do is something that everyone can do regardless of age, or gender. Why not give it a try? What other activity can you join your children in? | Comments or Questions? Contact us Welcome Guest [45505] | Comments or Questions? Contact us Welcome Guest [45505] | Comments or Questions? Contact us | Welcome Guest [45505]
