---
source_url: http://www.tenzanaikido.com/martial-arts-classes/about-aikido.shtml
final_url: https://www.tenzanaikido.com/martial-arts-classes/about-aikido.shtml
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:21.206Z
---

Menu - HOME - CLASS Schedule Adult Aikido Schedule Children's Aikido Schedule What Is Aikido About Tenzan About the Dojo Testimonials Newsletter Instructor Bios Rates / Pay Dues Tip of the Month Gallery - GETTING STARTED Adults Children Adult FAQ Children's FAQ - CALENDAR Seminars Newsletter Signup Register Now Children's Camps - STORE Videos Rates / Pay Dues - CONTACT US

 Call us at (206) 525-4032
 # ABOUT AIKIDO Aikido is a Japanese martial art emphasizing personal growth and empowerment. While aikido improves ones physical self-defense ability, the main focus is to bring balance to any situation. The founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba said that the practice of aikido helps a person reach their true, compassionate and sincere nature.
 Aikido is an art of throwing and pinning techniques. There is no competition in aikido. People practice together in mutual cooperation to learn the movements. Over time, practitioners experience health, martial ability and an overall sense of wellbeing. The principles of aikido bring clarity and purpose to ones life. More than a way to defeat others, aikido is a process of expanding consciousness with far reaching applications to approach the challenges of daily life.
 "The Art of Peace begins with you. Work on yourself and your appointed task in the Art of Peace. Everyone has a spirit that can be refined, a body that can be trained in some manner, a suitable path to follow. You are here for no other purpose than to realize your inner divinity and manifest your innate enlightenment. Foster peace in your own life and then apply the Art to all that you encounter." - Morihei Ueshiba, Founder of Aikido

 Tenzan Aikido | 7700 Aurora Ave N | Seattle, WA 98103 | (206) 525-4032 | dojo@tenzanaikido.com

 © 2016 Tenzan Aikido, inc. Offering martial arts classes in Seattle since 1981. website by Zolé
