---
source_url: http://www.tenzanaikido.com
final_url: https://tenzanaikido.com/index.shtml
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:21.627Z
---

Menu - HOME - CLASS Schedule Adult Aikido Schedule Children's Aikido Schedule What Is Aikido About Tenzan About the Dojo Testimonials Newsletter Instructor Bios Rates / Pay Dues Tip of the Month Gallery - GETTING STARTED Adults Children Adult FAQ Children's FAQ - CALENDAR Seminars Newsletter Signup Register Now Children's Camps - STORE Videos Rates / Pay Dues - CONTACT US

 Call us at (206) 525-4032
 1981 – 2026
 # 45th Anniversary Special Seminar
 October 1st – 4th,
 2026
 View Details

 Aikido is a peaceful, Japanese Martial Art that offers you self-defense, physical fitness and meditation.
 Bruce Bookman , 7th Dan Shihan, is founder and director of Tenzan Aikido. With over 50 years of experience, he teaches the time-honored traditions of Aikido with its emphasis on personal growth and empowerment. Bookman Shihan also holds a Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
 Tenzan Aikido is a friendly and supportive place to start your Aikido odyssey. Free trial class for kids. We are affiliated with the Aikido headquarters in Japan and the United States Aikido Federation.
 Confidence and clarity of mind follow you out the door of the dojo and into your day to day life!
 Code of Conduct
 Visit us on FaceBook
 Watch our advanced kids' program

 ## News and Events: 2026 is Tenzan Aikido's 45th Anniversary! 🎉 Special seminar Oct 1st through 4th.
 View Full Details →
 *CANCELLED* Kids' Spring Break Camp is coming up April 13th-17th. Ages 6 and up or with permission.
 Aikido Journal Online Course:
 Bruce Bookman on the Practical Applications of Aikido
 View trailer →
 See Our Mat Fees →
 Adult Class Schedule →
 Childrens Class schedule →

 ## New Student Invitation Email us, dojo@TenzanAikido.com, call or text us, 206-525-4032, or use the form below to schedule an Adult Intro Package or a free trial class for your child.
 Free Trial Class for Kids 4-16!
 Schedule a free class →
 Adult Intro Special openings: Tuesday or Thursday at 10:00am, Monday or Wednesday at 6:00pm. Be sure to book in advance.
 Schedule an Adult Intro Class →
 Private lessons available in the dojo!
 Schedule a private lesson →

 ## Contact Us First Name *

 Last Name *

 Phone Number

 Email *

 Message

 Send Sending ...

 Tenzan Aikido | 7700 Aurora Ave N | Seattle, WA 98103 | (206) 525-4032 | dojo@tenzanaikido.com

 © 2016 Tenzan Aikido, inc. Offering martial arts classes in Seattle since 1981. website by Zolé
