---
source_url: http://saitoninjitsu.org/class-times-adult-teens
final_url: https://www.saitoninjitsu.org/class-times-adult-teens
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:29.401Z
---

# Class Times

 ## Group Classes
 Sunday - 3:15PM
 Monday - 6:15PM
 Tuesday - 6:15PM
 ## Private Lessons Private Lessons - for you or your whole family together - Text or Call 480-721-2626 to book. Usually from 9am on, with most days available.

 # Classes ## Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu Japanese Jujitsu for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 along with over 40 other martial arts,
 Weapons & Swords,
 Warrior Women’s Self Defense,
 Chi Kung, QiGong,
 Healing Arts,
 Black Belt Saito Ninjitsu Mastery,
 Instructor Certification,
 Law Enforcement Specialized,
 Free Birthday Party Bookings, and
 Up-coming Online Instruction.
 Learn More About Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu→
 Learn More About Japanese Jujitsu for BJJ→
 Learn More About Women’s Self Defense→
 Learn More About Healing Arts→
 Learn More about Law Enforcement Training→
 ## call 480-721-2626 to book private lessons “My family loved the personal attention and training. It was just us. All five of us got great instruction and had a lot of fun. My kids can barely wait until the next class.” - Angel

 Ninja Kids Class Times

 ## Chi Kung and Qigong ### Available in Private lessons Qigong is a practice to use chi, or life force, for different life purposes including self-healing. There is no rough and tumbling fighting in this class. It is a soft flowing art that practices balance, movement and meditation to shift your energy and awareness with focus on the energy that flows within our bodies and beyond our bodies to nature around us. The practice in this class is to harness the life force while increasing vitality for a longer, healthier more peaceful life. Contact Grand Master Maui to schedule→

 ## take advantage of our special offer1 Week free!

 Free Trial Sign Up

 Back to Top
