---
source_url: http://saitoninjitsu.org
final_url: https://www.saitoninjitsu.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:29.716Z
---

Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu
 Discover the most powerful & encompassing of all martial arts.

 Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu - Adults & Teens
 Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu
 Adults & Teens
 Learn More

 Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu - Kids
 Ninja Kids Academy
 Building the Spirit and the Mind
 learn more

 Ninja Kids Camp
 Ninja Kids Camp
 Making Kids Happy Every Day!
 Learn More

 Scottsdale-Jiu-Jitsu
 Scottsdale Jiu-JItsu
 Japanese Jujitsu and BJJ
 Learn More

 # Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu Experience the excellence, honor, and camaraderie at our school. Visit us today...
 We teach adults, teens, and kids.

 ## Private Lessons - Book NowGroup Classes - free trial!Birthday schedulingOnline Training - Get Ready!…

 ### Classes, ninja kids camp, the best ranked law enforcement training, wARRIoR Women's self defense, private lessons, event planning, kids birthday parties, and more.

 Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu is both Master Maui Saito's School and the Saito Ninjitsu martial art. Where the art and it's mastery is taught with exceptional personal instruction by Master Maui Saito, with 40 years of teaching experience. Saito Ninjitsu is a 2000 year old art that was handed down through his Japanese Saito family clan. He teaches varied, inspirational, and the most effective classes and programs available. Saito Ninjitsu training includes over 40 different martial arts, such as, Japanese Jujitsu, Judo, Karate, Aikido, Yawara, Shinkeido, Samurai Swordsmanship Training, Iaido Training, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Mushin, Weapons, and much much more!
 "This place is awesome!" - Barb C.

 " Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu is the real deal ."
 - Mark W.

 Grand Master Maui Saito

 "Highly Recommend!"
 - Amie M.

 ## Learn more

 about saito bloodline Ninjitsu adult/teen classes

 class times for adult & teens

 ## KIDS LOVE OUR CLASSES…

 about NINJA Kids & Class Times

 learn about Ninja Kids Camps!

 "My child would not change this class for anything!!! Now my whole family is taking Master Maui Ninjitsu classes and we are looking forward to get our black belts one day!! "
 - Nathalia H C.
 "I honestly can't say enough good things about the school or Master Maui... If you are looking for a place, I couldn't recommend it enough."
 - Scott G.

 # Saito Ninjitsu International

 Saito Ninjitsu International was created by Grand Master Maui Saito with its purpose to bring the training and teachings of the martial art of Saito Ninjitsu ( Saito Bloodline Ninjitsu ) to people around the world and for future generations. The development of online training videos is a key part of that endeavor.

 Learn More

 ## You've come to the right place. We offer the best in a martial art and a martial arts school. The best most effective training for adults & compassionate, challenging, fun classes and camps for children.

 # Links to more info… ## about adult & teen classes> ## about kids classes> ## ninja kids camp> ## law enforcement> ## free kids birthday parties> ## events & event planning> ## brazilian jiu-jitsu> ## WARRIOR women's self defense>

 "We [took] the Young Women's Self Defense class which was incredible. We learned SO much..." - Barbara C.
 "There is absolutely no better place to study martial arts than [this] dojo!"
 - Allison W.

 "I took him to at least 5 different teachers around town, with an outcome of him hiding behind me and crying... After the first 20 minutes Jacob came running out to me telling me “I love this one and I don’t want to leave.” - Nicole Ryan

 # Get StartedCome in to see us... # Special OFFERSign up for FREE Week Trial!

 FREE TRIAL

 No contracts!

 ## We are glad you are here!

 "To be a great warrior, one must study his enemy. Know everything about the enemy, including his strengths. If you look spiritually enough you will find his weaknesses." - Grand Master Maui Saito

 Back to Top
