---
source_url: https://www.mcginnisacademyofmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.mcginnisacademyofmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:14.951Z
---

Scroll

 ### WELCOME # McGinnis Academy of # Martial Arts ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu • Taekwondo• Hapkido • Women's Self Defense • Little Ninjas

 Our Story

 ## Martial Arts at McGinnis

 ### Brazilian jiu jitsu McGinnis Academy of Martial Arts is proud to be an affiliate of Carlson Gracie Jiu Jitsu headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. We are officially listed as “ Carlson Gracie Team - Gastonia ” on the …

 Learn More

 ### kids taekwondo Tae Kwon Do is a Korean Martial Art that focuses primarily on kicks and traditional strikes. It utilizes kicks and kicking combinations in quick succession to overcome and attacker or opponent.

 Learn More

 ### hapkido Hapkido is a Korean Martial Art that utilizes joint locks, grappling, and throwing techniques to defeat an attacker. Hapkido uses both long range and close range fighting techniques.

 Learn More

 ### Kids Programs We offer a variety of kids classes starting at ages 5 and up. Little Ninja classes are for children ages 5-6 years old. These classes focus on learning basic commands, basic striking techniques...

 Learn More

 ### KIDs bjj We offer Brazilian JiuJitsu classes specifically for kids. Call Professor Shawn McGinnis for more details on our Kids BJJ Program. You can call 704-879-4134 or check our schedule for class times to come in and learn more.

 Learn More

 Sign up for our email list and get a FREE class !

 Name:
 Email:
 We respect your email privacy

 Powered by AWeber Email Marketing
