---
source_url: http://www.markramosacademy.com
final_url: https://www.markramosacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.290Z
---

# MARK RAMOS ACADEMY
 Book Now
 #### TRAINING WITH A WORLD CHAMPION

 The Studio
 ## THE DOJO
 Learn from the best martial arts instructors in the area who are dedicated to providing a stable, family environment where you can excel in your personal goals and find a varied and supportive community.
 Whether your plan is to compete, get in shape, meet new people, or start a new hobby, we will help you get there faster than you thought possible and have a good time in the process. The benefits of martial arts are endless. From confidence and empowerment to self-understanding and discipline, whether you are enjoying our youth or adult programs, you'll see improvements quickly.

 #### ADDRESS
 79 S Main St
 Lodi, NJ 07644

 About
 ## MEET THE COACH
 - -

 Sensei Mark Ramos is an American grappler who holds a black belt in Judo and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Sensei Edson Carvalho.
 Born and raised in New Jersey, he is a testament of perseverance in the sport having become a very successful competitor while working full time, earning his black belt in 5 and a half years and winning such prestigious tournaments as the World Championships of Nogi (2x), Pan American Championships (2x) and becoming an ADCC Veteran.

 Main Achievements:
 - 2x Nogi World Champion - 2x Pan American Champion - American Nationals Champion - 2x ADCC North American Trials Champion - 4x Silver Medalist Pan American Nogi Championships

 About
 ## MEET THE COACH
 - -

 Professor Katherina Conti began training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in 2009 at Sensei Edson Carvalho’s academy in Paterson, NJ.
 Training alongside Sensei Mark Ramos at the time, she progressed through the rankings while taking on the challenges of working, competing and raising a family.
 Professor Conti is the head instructor of our youth program at MRA where she takes tremendous pride in sharing the mats with her own children.
