---
source_url: https://senseibjj.com/kids/
final_url: https://senseibjj.com/kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:45.508Z
---

## brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids

 Let your kids learn values like discipline, confidence, and respect, while geting physically fit!

 ## Kids BJJ For all levels

 ##### Train today, train tomorrow, train for life

 At the Sensei Studio's, we believe that the training your child will receive with us will last a lifetime. We will help your child achieve their full potential by increasing their self-esteem and confidence while teaching them effective martial arts. Studies show that kids who enroll in martial arts tend to have better grades, higher self-esteem, learn to develop personal discipline, and learn the importance of goal setting, all the while having fun! The class is divided by age and ability to ensure that everyone develops at the appropriate pace!

 3-Day Free Trial

 ## Why enroll your kid in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 At Sensei Studios, we believe that the training your child will receive with us will last a lifetime.

 1

 GET IN SHAPE
 Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing way to get in shape! Tired of running on a treadmill? Come in today and see all that we have to offer!

 2

 MARTIAL VALUES
 At Sensei Studio's, we teach more than just martial arts; we teach martial values like respect, discipline, and perseverance.

 3

 SELF DEFENSE
 There are very few martial arts that exist today that have been as tested and proven as BJJ. For more information, google Bully Proof!

 4

 CONFIDENCE
 At Sensei Studios, your child will develop confidence while learning the life lessons on the mat! Building champions on and off the mat!

 ## Watch Kids BJJ In Action

 ## Client testimonials

 ##### Making the world a better place, one member at a time

 ###### Teng Yang, Student ##### Sensei studio welcomed my family to be a part of something special. I knew right away this place was family and a culture I can adapt to. I’ve joined along with my daughter and it’s been the best journey a father and daughter can have. Highly recommended #####

 ###### Ana Farias, Student ##### Nothing beats the environment at Sensei Studio. Everyone is very welcoming and it truly feels like a family environment. The adults and kids uplift each other both on and off the mats. There's nothing like it. Definitely come see it for yourself, you won't be disappointed!! I cannot recommend this place enough. The sport, but most importantly, the people have changed my life.
 #####

 ###### Kevin Singh (Entel), Student ##### I started my Jiu-jitsu journey back in September of 2020, during the covid-19 restrictions I had gained a ton of weight (320lbs) and was battling with depression. I was not in a good place mentally. My first day I was greeted by Professor Tony and instantly welcomed by people I would soon come to consider family. Fast forward to today I am down approximately 56lbs and in the best mental space I have ever been in. Jiu-jitsu is a lifetime journey and that ride is made better when you are surrounded by like minded people who only want to better themselves and bring up those around them....Sensei studios provides that place. Prof. Tony has cultivated a culture where we strive to complete each other and not compete with each other. ##### I could go on and on, but you have to experience it for yourself. Step out of your comfort zone and push yourself to be better.

 ## Sign up for 3-day trial classes, Free!

 ##### Use the form below to get started.

 - Full name* - Email Address* - Phone number* - Comments
