---
source_url: https://senseibjj.com
final_url: https://senseibjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:47.208Z
---

## SENSEI STUDIO HEAD QUARTERS | MODESTO Sensei studio is focused on spreading the Art of Jiu-Jitsu while staying true to the standards set by Professor Caio Terra.

 ## MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY | SENSEI STUDIO

 ##### PROGRAMS FOR MEN, WOMEN, AND CHILDREN OF ALL LEVELS

 Sensei Studio (HQ), in Modesto, California was founded in 2020. Head Instructor and owner, Tony Caito has been a life long martial artist and believes that through Martial Arts we can make the world a better place. At Sensei Studio's EVERYONE is welcome! In 2021 Sensei studio became an official affiliate of the Caio Terra Association!

 3-Day Free Trial

 ## There’s a Program for everyone!

 ##### PROGRAMS FOR MEN, WOMEN, AND CHILDREN OF ALL LEVELS

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 At Sensei Studio, we are a proud member of the Caio Terra Association. All classes follow the curriculum set forth by 12-time world champion, Professor Caio Terra, and our schools run in accordance with the CTA standards!

 ### Kids Programs

 At the Sensei Studios we believe that it’s more than helping your child succeed on the mat, it’s about helping your child succeed in life. Jiu-Jitsu teaches children discipline, respect and martial values that will be with your child for a lifetime.

 ### Fitness | STRIKING PROGRAMS

 In addition to our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we also offer classes in Strength and Conditioning as well as kickboxing. Whether you prefer to keep it standing or take it to the ground, there's something for everyone at Sensei Studios!

 ## Client testimonials

 ##### Making the world a better place, one member at a time

 ###### Teng Yang, Student ##### Sensei studio welcomed my family to be a part of something special. I knew right away this place was family and a culture I can adapt to. I’ve joined along with my daughter and it’s been the best journey a father and daughter can have. Highly recommended

 ###### Ana Farias, Student ##### Nothing beats the environment at Sensei Studio. Everyone is very welcoming and it truly feels like a family environment. The adults and kids uplift each other both on and off the mats. There's nothing like it. Definitely come see it for yourself, you won't be disappointed!! I cannot recommend this place enough. The sport, but most importantly, the people have changed my life.

 ###### Kevin Singh (Entel), Student ##### I started my Jiu-jitsu journey back in September of 2020, during the covid-19 restrictions I had gained a ton of weight (320lbs) and was battling with depression. I was not in a good place mentally. My first day I was greeted by Professor Tony and instantly welcomed by people I would soon come to consider family. Fast forward to today I am down approximately 56lbs and in the best mental space I have ever been in. Jiu-jitsu is a lifetime journey and that ride is made better when you are surrounded by like minded people who only want to better themselves and bring up those around them....Sensei studios provides that place. Prof. Tony has cultivated a culture where we strive to complete each other and not compete with each other.I could go on and on, but you have to experience it for yourself. Step out of your comfort zone and push yourself to be better

 ## Why Choose Sensei Studio?

 ##### we are a proud member of the Caio Terra Association

 1

 Fundamental classes follow the curriculum set forth by 12-time world champion, Professor Caio Terra

 2

 The CTA Standard : we believe that through Jiu-Jitsu, we can transform lives, building champions on and off the mat!

 3

 At Sensei Studio we believe in the one team philosophy . Everryone gets better together, as one team!

 4

 Fitness to the next level : Dynamic movements and actively resisting opponents.

 5

 Much different than a traditional cardio class, no two training sessions are ever going to be the same.

 6

 Whether you’re a black belt or you have never stepped onto a mat before, everyone is always welcome!

 7

 We teach you proper body mechanics and techniques that build a solid foundation.

 8

 Build your base with our fundamental program and evolve to advanced where you apply the concepts and techniques against resisting opponents.

 ## We offer a 3 day, no obligation trial Try any of our classes and experience the Caio Terra difference!

 3-Day Free Trial

 ## Meet our trusted instructors

 ##### all sensei studio staff are ibjjf certified and meet the highest professional standards of our sport

 ##### Caio Terra Association Founder

 ##### Tony Caito Head Instructor

 ##### Ana Gym Manager

 ##### Kickboxing Striking Instructor

 ## Latest News

 ##### VIsit Blog

 ## Sensei Studio 2.0 April 22, 2025
 As 2025 started we embarked on a new chapter at Sensei Studios. We moved into our new location at 717 N 7th St, in Modesto! The new gym has an amazing vibe, with the same awesome, sensei culture! None of this would be possible without the amazing effort by everyone in our community and the […]
 Read More

 ## BJJ MODESTO | FIRST DEGREE January 13, 2022
 The more you know, the more you realize you don’t know. The less you know, the more you think you know.” – David T Freeman
 I’m forever a student of the art. What works today may not work tomorrow so my students rely on me to stay current with what I teach. This is a daily effort of constant studying that I refuse to cut corners. It is also my responsibility to surround myself with the right like minded people with a proven track record of doing what is right. It’s crucial to my students success and they deserve nothing less.
 Read More

 ## Sensei Studios August 21, 2021
 After a year that none of us will forget, we are pleased to announce that Sensei Studio HQ is open! If you are looking to learn self defense, try an exciting martial art or just looking to get in better shape, we have a program for you!
 Read More

 ## Sign up for 3-day trial classes, Free!

 ##### Use the form below to get started.

 - Full name* - Email Address* - Phone number* - Comments

 ## Visit our school

 Address: 717 N 7th St, Modesto, CA 95354
