---
source_url: http://gblongisland.com
final_url: https://gblongisland.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:39.963Z
---

Home zpthemetest 2020-12-23T22:47:08+00:00 # Jiu-Jitsu For Everyone
 ### Try a free class today!
 Book Your Free Class

 # Jiu-Jitsu for Everyone
 Try a free class today!

 Book Your Free Class

 WE’RE HERE TO HELP

 ## Do you struggle with

 ### Communityy
 Our instructors maintain a positive and cooperative attitude in order to strengthen and grow our family. The team always comes before the individual!

 ### Motivation
 Don’t like to work out at a gym because you get bored? You’re not alone. Jiu-Jitsu is like a game of human chess keeping your workouts exciting!

 ### Discipline
 Without discipline, there is no mastery, neither in Jiu-Jitsu nor in life. Our instructors will guide you on the path to excellence through commitment.

 ### Health
 Jiu-Jitsu requires a high level of concentration proportional to the number of calories burned and pounds lost. Learning to defend yourself makes it a win-win!

 WHY GRACIE BARRA?

 ## Benefits & Outcomes

 #### Challenge Yourself Growth comes from taking on challenges. Never stop growing!

 #### Improve Your Health Achieve and maintain a healthier lifestyle inside and out.

 #### Family Oriented Approach The family that trains together, thrives together!

 #### Improve Performance Our effective learning plan encourages a natural progression.

 #### Master Yourself Learn the discipline and principles to become your best self.

 #### Find Inspriration Our instructors and students motivate each other to bring out their best.

 ## Step 1
 # 1

 ## Schedule Your
 ### Free Class

 Contact us for more information regarding our free class offer. Learn more about us, yourself, and get started today!

 ## Step 2
 # 2

 ## Join Our
 ### Community

 At Gracie Barra Long Island, you get much more than classes. Be part of a community united by the ideals of the Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle.

 ## Step 3
 # 3

 ## Reach Your
 ### Goals

 You have a plan and now you have a community. It’s time to get on the road to becoming the best version of yourself!

 Schedule Your Free Class

 CLIENT STORIES

 ## From Long Island

 ### Willing & Patient!
 “Great group of people to train with. The instructors are very good at knowing the techniques. They are always willing and patient with new students on teaching step by step techniques. Great family gym where everyone can feel welcome.”
 ~ Ruben N.

 ### Great Gym!
 “Been training a long time, from Muay Thai to BJJ. At Gracie Barra I feel at home. Great instructors, great atmosphere but still serious about training. Since I’ve been here my BJJ has improved a lot. Great gym.”
 ~ Codie P.

 ### Greatest Personal Training!
 “This is the greatest personal training facility I have ever been to. The trainers are really life coaches and care about their clients. Their services are outstanding and will not hesitate to recommend them more.”
 ~ Carl H.
