---
source_url: https://cohesionbjj.com/programs
final_url: https://www.cohesiontrainingacademy.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:16.036Z
---

- Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the most efficient martial art style proven to date. In Japanese, Jiu-Jitsu’s translation means the “gentle art.” The principle is to use leverage and proper technique so that even the smallest, weakest person can defend themself against a larger and stronger assailant. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has rapidly become the most in-demand martial art style in the United States.At Cohesion Training Academy you will learn the same effective techniques the Gracie family and their students have used to successfully dominate Mixed Martial Arts competitions for years. CBJJ also offers Judo, Krav Maga and various kids classes. At Cohesion Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu we always separate the competition from the class, ensuring that we help you to accomplish whatever goal you set forth for yourself. From weight loss, to self defense, to being a competitor, we will help you achieve your goal. Our academy welcomes all walks of life, paying special attention to those who have no previous experience.Professor Steve understands the difference between self-defense study and competition preparation. At Cohesion Training Academy, we provide quality structured self-defense along with sport learning in a non-competitive environment that allows students to pursue their personal goals at their own pace. - Judo A Tremendous and Dynamic SportJudo is a tremendous and dynamic combat sport that demands both physical prowess and great mental discipline. From a standing position, it involves techniques that allow you to lift and throw your opponents onto their backs. On the ground, it includes techniques that allow you to pin your opponents down to the ground, control them, and apply various chokeholds or joint locks until submission. Judo is Simple and BasicJudo originated in Japan as a derivative of the various martial arts developed and used by the samurai and feudal warrior class over hundreds of years. Although many of the techniques of judo originated from arts that were designed to hurt, maim, or kill opponents in actual field battle, the techniques of judo were modified so that judo students can practice and apply these techniques safely and without hurting opponents:Judo does not involve kicking, punching, or striking techniques of any kind.Judo does not involve the application of pressure against the joints to throw an opponent.Judo involves no equipment or weapons of any sort.Instead, judo simply involves two individuals who, by gripping the judo uniform or judogi, use the forces of balance, power, and movement to attempt to subdue each other. Thus, it is simple and basic. In its simplicity, however, lies its complexity, and mastery of even the most basic of judo techniques that often take considerable time, effort, and energy, involving rigorous physical and mental training. The Principle of GentlenessThe word judo consists of two Japanese characters, ju, which means "gentle", and do, which means "the way". Judo, therefore, literally means the way of gentleness. Although the gentleness may not be immediately apparent to newcomers who see bodies flying through the air and people pinned to the ground, it is this principle of gentleness, or yawara (which is the same character as the ju in judo), on which all judo techniques are based. - Striking/MMA At Cohesion Training Academy we incorporate a mix of Muay Tai , Karate, Boxing, as well as other MMA arts into out striking program. With our striking program we build upon the fundamentals that we teach within our other programs.Our program is specifically structured with putting in you in the cage, prepared and ready to fight.

 View fullsize
