---
source_url: https://masteryootkd.com/teen-martial-arts-classes-carmel-fishers-noblesville/
final_url: https://masteryootkd.com/teen-martial-arts-classes-carmel-fishers-noblesville/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:31.753Z
---

- Carmel, IN - 317-733-8800

 - Fishers, IN - 317-845-2800

 - Noblesville, IN - 317-706-8800

 Menu

 # Now Accepting New Students! Amazing Teen martial arts Classes in Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville.

 ## Get a Private Teen Martial Arts Lesson & a Group Class in Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville... Plus a FREE Uniform!... For Just $19.95! ($122 Value)

 “I can’t believe the difference.” Our amazing teen martial arts program is offering classes in Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville! Boosts your teen’s focus, respect, confidence, and social skills… while they have FUN.

 Everything included:

 Private + Group Class

 FREE Uniform

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your Class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Location 🔻 Select A Location Carmel Noblesville Fishers

 GET MY PASS!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from MASTER YOO’S TAE KWON DO. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 ## So Much More Than Punches & Kicks. Changes Lives.

 martial arts is not just martial arts. It’s a tool we use to help young adults become leaders.
 Hundreds of parents here in Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville can’t believe the incredible transformation.

 ## Powerful Self-Defense Keeps You Safe.

 It’s not just a workout — it’s a life-saving skill. Teens learn how to protect themselves even if an attacker is bigger and stronger.
 People all over Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville turn to us for their self-defense training.

 ## Prepares Your Teenager For Success In Life.

 Teenagers who train martial arts have a higher success rate in school. Why? Discipline, focus, goal setting, and drive. martial arts instills these incredible traits in your child, every time they come.

 ### Get a Private Teen Martial Arts Lesson & a Group Class in Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville... Plus a FREE Uniform!... For just $19.95! ($122 Value)

 GET MY CHILD'S Class PASS!

 "Being in this program has given our daughter incredible levels of confidence that we previous thought were unattainable."

 "My kids and I really enjoy taking classes together. Not only do we learn Tae Kwon Do but we all learn life skills like respect, confidence and a never give up attitude ."

 "Master Yoo is excellent! Love what instant life-long benefits this discipline teaches! "

 "All the instructors are very good with the kids and help build confidence and teach good moral values. "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our teen martial arts program

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Do Parents Need To Stay?
 We don’t require parents to stay during classes. However, we do find that parents who get involved with their teen martial arts lessons truly build a solid connection. They see their child grow in confidence and skill as they progress through their belt ranks. Building strong family units is important to us at MASTER YOO’S TAE KWON DO for our Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville community.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sports in!

 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find MASTER YOO’S TAE KWON DO in Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville has martial arts classes for teens and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. We are sure you will be too!

 My Child Has ADHD, Will Martial Arts Help?
 Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes, is that it’s an individual sport, done in a group environment. We find that all of our students improve their focus, self-control, discipline and social skills. The best part is that they don’t even realize the growth they are making! They just think they are having fun!
 The best way to find out for yourself, is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. Book it now! You will be glad you did!

 Are Parents Allowed to Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their teen martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? S imply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 My Child Is Not Athletic, Will They Feel Left Out?
 Not at all. You will find that martial arts classes are the PERFECT sport for teens who aren’t connecting with other sports. Teen martial arts is an individual after-school activity, that is done in a group.

 The journey from white belt to black belt is different for each student, but what is the same for everyone is that they improve coordination, balance, motor skills, focus and discipline. They also make a lot of great friends in the process!
 Our instructors are highly skilled in teaching martial arts. It’s their PASSION!

 My Child Is Addicted To Computer Games, Will This Be Suitable?
 This is probably the BEST activity for teens who enjoy screen time.
 Getting them active, without them realizing they are learning, is our skill. Kicking and punching pads is such a great stress relief, that teens feel better when they leave our studio!
 Many Carmel, Fishers and Noblesville parents find that once a teen starts martial arts classes, they see a happier, more social person develop right before their eyes. You’ll be glad they started classes!
 PLUS…. Most kids LOVE being a ninja!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your Class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Location 🔻 Select A Location Carmel Noblesville Fishers

 GET MY PASS!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from MASTER YOO’S TAE KWON DO. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .
