---
source_url: https://clevercombat.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://clevercombat.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:06.148Z
---

Kids BJJ Program (Ages 4-12)" >

 ## Kids BJJ Program (Ages 4-12)
 ##### At Clever Combat Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, we know that every child can benefit from martial arts training. Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program introduces young students to the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a fun, engaging, and supportive environment. Through interactive lessons, kids actively learn essential self-defense techniques while developing coordination, balance, and flexibility. As they practice holds, throws, and submissions, they also cultivate important life skills such as discipline, respect, and teamwork.
 Moreover, our experienced instructors create a positive atmosphere that encourages children to build confidence and form lasting friendships. By emphasizing personal growth and individual goals, we ensure that each child feels valued and motivated to succeed.
 Join us at Clever Combat Jiu-Jitsu & MMA today, and watch your child thrive both on and off the mats!

 Adults BJJ Program (Ages 13+)" >

 ## Adults BJJ Program (Ages 13+)
 ##### At Clever Combat Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, we offer an adult Jiu-Jitsu program that challenges you to reach your full potential. Whether you’re looking to improve your fitness, sharpen your self-defense skills, or compete at a high level, our program provides the perfect environment to grow. Our classes focus on both Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, covering techniques that prepare you for real-world situations. You’ll actively engage in takedowns, throws, submissions, and ground control, learning how to handle opponents of any size with efficiency and control. Alongside physical training, you’ll develop mental resilience, discipline, and confidence that carry over into your everyday life.
 Additionally, our supportive and experienced instructors ensure personalized attention, helping you progress at your own pace while achieving your individual goals. Whether you’re a beginner or an advanced practitioner, you’ll find the guidance and motivation you need to succeed.
 Start your journey today at Clever Combat Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, and experience the transformative power of martial arts!

 #### Clever Combat Jiu-Jitsu & MMA ## Get Started Today

 (518) 472-0349
 contact@clevercombat.com
 239 Old Maxwell Rd Building C, Latham, NY 12110
 Clever Combat Jiu-Jitsu & MMA calls Latham home but welcomes those from the following areas: Albany, Clinton Park, Troy, Saratoga, and Schenectady. We are located near Times Union Newspaper and the Colonie Library at the end of Wolf Road!
