---
source_url: https://groundcontrolhuntvalley.com/kids-classes
final_url: https://www.groundcontrolhuntvalley.com/kids-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:52.841Z
---

(410) 246-1991

 ### Kids Classes

 ## Reach out to our mixed martial arts academy in Sparks Glencoe, MD, proudly serving clients from Parkton, Manchester Township, & White Hall, MD, to learn more about Jiu-jitsu for kids

 # Are You Looking for a Jiu-Jitsu Instructor That Teaches Kids Classes?

 It's never too early to teach your children self-defense. Ground Control Hunt Valley offers kids classes in Sparks Glencoe, MD, and proudly welcomes clients from Parkton, Towson, Cockeysville, Lutherville, Manchester Township, & White Hall, MD. Our team will teach your children everything they need to know about Jiu-Jitsu and self defense.

 Our Jiu-Jitsu for kids class is open to beginners and advanced students. Contact us today to learn more.

 There are a variety of reasons why you should sign up your children for Jiu-Jitsu. In our classes, your kids will:

 - Build their self-confidence while learning the values of discipline - Strengthen friendships with fellow students - Build the foundation for an active, healthy lifestyle - Learn how to defend themselves and others

 Our classes are perfect for kids between the ages of 4 through 15. Call us at 410-246-1991 to find out when we have kids classes scheduled or sign up today!

 ### Give your kids a solid foundation

 Sign Up
 Contact Us

 Interior Services

 Exterior Services

 add a title

 #### Place an image or any other element you want

 Add a link
