---
source_url: https://www.teamdarumadojo.com/schedule-trial
final_url: https://www.teamdarumadojo.com/schedule-trial
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:22.738Z
---

# One Free Class. One Life Changing Decision.
 Discover the power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a supportive, judgment-free environment. No experience needed.

 ##### Schedule Free Trial
 For all classes, please arrive 5 minutes before class, bring a water bottle, and wear flip flops. If it's a gi class & you have a gi, please wear that. If not wear athletic clothing.

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 This class is for a/an *
 Kid
 Adult

 Where would you like to trial? *
 Sunnyvale
 Milpitas

 Do you have prior experiece?
 Yes
 No

 Select a date * required

 What class would you like to try? Choose an option

 Any health or medical conditions we should be aware of?
 Explain previous experience
 How did you hear about us? Choose an option

 Where did you hear about us?
 What motivates you to do Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 I have read and agree to the dojo etiquette Dojo Etiquette
 I have read and signed the waiver. Daruma Dojo Liability Waiver
 I have read and agree to the parent's agreement. Parent's Agreement
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!We'll get back to you shortly.

 ## Train. Grow. Protect.
 ## Located in Sunnyvale & Milpitas, Daruma Dojo is the Bay Area’s leading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy dedicated to helping students of all ages develop strength, discipline, and real-world self-defense skills. Whether you’re a parent seeking confidence and focus for your child or an adult looking to challenge yourself and build resilience, our programs are designed to help you thrive. On & Off the mats.

 ## What Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art focused on grappling, leverage, and ground control, empowering practitioners of all sizes to defend themselves effectively. At Daruma Dojo, we teach more than technique, we teach mindset. Through disciplined training, you’ll learn problem-solving under pressure, emotional composure, and respect for others.

 Our Bay Area BJJ programs combine world-class instruction with a welcoming, family-friendly culture that makes training safe, enjoyable, and deeply rewarding.

 Play Video
 Play Video

 Play Video
 Play Video

 Play Video
 Play Video

 ## DARUMA DOJO CINEMA : OUR FULL LENGTH DOCUMENTARIES

 ## Our Founder
 ### Professor Alberto Juarez, Founder & 3rd-Degree Black Belt With over 20 years of teaching experience, Prof. Alberto Juarez brings an academic & technical approach to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 He holds a 3rd-Degree Black Belt in BJJ under Ricardo Barros &
 a Black Belt in Judo from SJSU legend David Williams. Armed with a B.S. in Kinesiology from San Jose State University, Professor Juarez blends biomechanics, strategy & precision into every lesson, shaping students into confident, capable practitioners of jiu-jitsu.
 ​
 He has taught BJJ at San Jose State University & was formerly the Head Instructor at Stanford’s BJJ Club.

 His mission is simple: teach Jiu-Jitsu that lasts a lifetime,
 for self-defense, health & personal growth.

 ## WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT DARUMA DOJO
 “Stepping into Daruma Dojo changed everything for me. I came in looking for something physical, but what I found was a space that helped restore my mind, body, and spirit. With the help of Professor Alberto I’ve grown in ways I didn’t expect. Every roll on the mat is a reminder of how far I’ve come."
 CHRIS CHAPIAMA, CEO | THE RED CARD STUDIO

 ## SHOP DARUMA DOJO MERCH
 Quick View ADULT Koi Fish Rash Guard (limited ed.)Price$65.00Excluding Sales Tax

 Quick View small logo stickerPrice$2.00Excluding Sales Tax

 Quick View KIDS ShortsPrice$40.00Excluding Sales Tax

 Quick View ADULT D'ohnuts Rash GuardPrice$60.00Excluding Sales Tax

 Quick View ADULT Black Patch HoodiesPrice$60.00Excluding Sales Tax

 Quick View Brown Belt Marge StickerPrice$4.00Excluding Sales Tax

 Quick View JUDO BeltOut of stock

 Quick View ADULTS White or Navy Ukiyo-e T-shirtPrice$30.00Excluding Sales Tax

 ## FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
 -

 ## @teamdarumadojo

 ## Get in Touch
 SUNNYVALE
 548 S Murphy Ave.
 Sunnyvale, CA 94086
 ​
 MILPITAS
 61 Serra Way #206
 Milpitas, CA 95035

 (408) 753-7162

 teamdarumadojo@gmail.com

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Message
 Send
 Thanks for reaching out!
