---
source_url: https://www.teamdarumadojo.com
final_url: https://www.teamdarumadojo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:23.018Z
---

## DARUMA DOJO
 ## Welcome to
 Book Trial Class
 ## Sunnyvale and Milpitas

 ## Self-Defense and Protection for Life
 Daruma Dojo — with locations in Sunnyvale and Milpitas — is the Bay Area’s leading family-oriented Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy, known for both technical excellence and a strong culture of belonging, personal growth, and community. Our mission is to create a space where families grow stronger together, and students of all ages, backgrounds, and skill levels feel supported, challenged, and inspired.

 IMG_3437_Original

 IMG_3543

 IMG_3437_Original

 1/11

 ## What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Originating as a Japanese martial art, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) was adapted into a new style in Brazil, focusing on grappling and ground techniques. This adaptation allows practitioners of any size to effectively defend themselves. Beyond physical skill, BJJ promotes mental resilience and community spirit, making it a fulfilling activity for health, self-defense, and social interaction.

 ## Founder/Head Instructor
 ## Prof. Alberto Juarez
 ## Black Belt, 3rd Degree
 Alberto, founder of Daruma Dojo and 3rd degree black belt in Jiu-Jitsu under Ricardo Barros, also holds a Judo black belt from SJSU legend David Williams. Starting Jiu-Jitsu in 2003, he quickly discovered a passion for teaching, accumulating 20 years of experience in training both adults and children in martial arts. With a BS in Kinesiology from SJSU, Alberto's expertise is grounded in deep technical knowledge and extensive practice. He brings a very academic approach to teaching, encouraging students to always learn, dive deep into techniques, and find their own Jiu-Jitsu. He currently teaches BJJ at San Jose State University and was previously the head BJJ Instructor for the club in Stanford.

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Lineage

 ## Daruma Dojo
 Discipline that strengthens body & mind.

 BOOK TRIAL CLASS

 ## Daruma Dojo Programs
 ## Adults
 Whether you want to learn self-defense, get in shape, or compete, we have a program for you to help you improve your overall health, build stamina and strength, gain confidence in your body and its abilities, and discover friendships and support within a social group community to help you thrive. We welcome all genders and people with special needs. We provide classes for adults & teens in both Gi and No-Gi.
 ​

 Fundamentals Program

 Perfect for beginners, our 32-class Blueprint to Blue Belt Fundamentals curriculum focuses on the essential techniques of jiu-jitsu. Each week involves four sessions reserved for this agenda, in both Gi and No-Gi formats.

 Beyond Fundamentals Program

 These classes practice more advanced techniques. Geared towards more experienced practitioners, however, beginners are still welcome to attend.

 Competition Training

 Our BJJ competition training is designed for those looking to test their skills on a higher level, focusing on advanced techniques, strategic sparring, and mental preparation for tournaments

 ## Daruma Dojo
 Train with purpose.
 Grow with confidence.

 BOOK TRIAL CLASS

 ## Kids/Teens
 We equip your child with lasting skills: a healthy lifestyle, confidence, discipline, self-defense, problem-solving, and enhanced social skills, all in a SAFE and FUN setting! We also support students with special needs, focusing on social skills, concentration, body awareness, and fostering friendships within our community to help them thrive. Our kids classes are divided by age and skill level to allow everyone to develop at his/her own appropriate pace.

 Junior BJJ (4 - 6 years old)

 Our Junior BJJ program combines playful, engaging activities with fundamental Jiu-Jitsu techniques tailored for little ones. This program introduces the basics of Jiu-Jitsu in a fun, accessible way, helping children develop coordination, balance, and confidence while fostering a love for movement. Perfect for young learners, our class creates a positive, supportive environment for them to explore, play, and grow.

 Youth BJJ (7 - 9 years old)

 Our Youth BJJ program focuses on developing Jiu-Jitsu skills through fun, challenging exercises that keep kids engaged while promoting discipline and respect. Designed to balance technique with enjoyment, this program helps young students build confidence, coordination, and self-defense abilities in a supportive and encouraging environment. Perfect for active learners ready to take their skills to the next level!

 Honor Roll (8 - 15 years old)

 An invitational-only program designed for students grey belt & above, and who embody the attitudes and expected behaviors to join. This class takes students' techniques to the next level through vigorous training and a deeper dive into advanced movements.

 Teen BJJ (10-15 years old)

 Our Teens BJJ program offers a dynamic blend of technical skill development and physical conditioning, designed to challenge and engage students ages 10-15. Through a series of progressively difficult drills and techniques, teens will enhance their Jiu-Jitsu proficiency while building discipline, respect, and confidence. This class emphasizes teamwork, self-defense, and personal growth in a supportive environment where teens can push themselves to reach new levels of skill and fitness.

 ## Judo
 Judo primarily focuses on throwing your opponent onto the ground with control, speed, and force, aiming for a flat back landing. After bringing our opponent to the ground, we employ jiu-jitsu strategies to control and submit them.
 Our weekly Judo classes teach students traditional Judo techniques via repeated practice and randori (live sparring).Our Judo classes are available on Fridays and Saturdays, offering a comprehensive training experience. For specific times and further details, please refer to our schedule sheet.

 ## BJJ 101
 ## BJJ 101 is designed for beginners and those seeking to solidify their foundation in jiu-jitsu. This class covers essential vocabulary, key concepts, and best practices, ensuring students progress quickly during their first months of training. With a focus on positional fundamentals, warm-ups, and dojo culture, participants gain the confidence and skills needed to transition seamlessly into our fundamentals classes. ## ## Each session includes a cultural insight, warm-up techniques, an exploration of foundational positions, and positional sparring games. This class provides a supportive environment to ask questions, refine your basics, and connect with fellow beginners.

 ## Daruma Dojo
 Build strength & confidence.
 O n & off the mat.

 BOOK TRIAL CLASS

 ## Our Instructors
 Alberto Juarez

 Guilherme Giglio

 Noah Myers

 Sevey Lee

 Joshua Carter

 ## Contact Us
 548 S Murphy Ave Sunnyvale, CA 94086

 408-753-7162

 teamdarumadojo@gmail.com

 - - - -

 Last Name
 First Name
 Email
 Message
 Send
 ##### Thanks for submitting!
