---
source_url: http://www.cjjwalnut.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://cjjwalnut.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:02.673Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Walnut

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Will Help You Grapple With Any Challenge! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art -- it's a combat sport, a self-defense system, and an effective fitness program. Our team at Caique Jiu Jitsu Walnut Academy can help you explore the ins and outs of BJJ and personalize a training program to match your goals. Whether you're hoping to learn to defend yourself and your loved ones, lose weight and build lean muscle, or to prepare for competition, we have your back.
 We are California's premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu studio and Walnut's source for high-quality Jiu Jitsu training. Just sit down and talk with one of our instructors about how we can help you meet and exceed your goals!
 Just fill out the short form on the side of this page to learn more or get started!
 START YOUR FREE CLASS!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Aside from helping you achieve better fitness, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has a wealth of mental and spiritual benefits . By training with us at Caique Jiu Jitsu Walnut Academy, you'll get access to a supportive and uplifting community, reduce your stress and anxiety levels in everyday life, and experience boosted energy and higher-quality sleep. And, of course, you'll lose weight and build muscle while learning practical self-defense skills!
 ##### Join us for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and get access to: - Sustainable weight loss & lean muscle gain - Improved confidence & boosted energy - Reduced stress, better sleep, & an awesome community - Compassionate instructors who will guide you to success
 Caique Jiu Jitsu Walnut Academy is 100% committed to our community, so whether you're here in Walnut or coming to us from Diamond Bark or Roland Heights, we can help take your workout to the next level . You'll have so much fun training in Jiu Jitsu that you won't even realize how much you're gaining.
 #### Enroll in Walnut's Premier Jiu Jitsu Program Today! No matter whether you're a beginner or a pro, Caique Jiu Jitsu Walnut Academy has something to offer everyone. From helping engineer better fitness to giving pro martial artists the upper hand in their next match, our team is proud to give our members the best shot at success. Join us in Walnut for our next class and see for yourself what our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes can do for you.
 To get started or learn more, just fill out the short form on the side of this screen!
 START YOUR FREE CLASS!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 The instruction here is amazing. Prof Albert is Awesome!!!

 Prof. Albert and his family are the best! The academy is always clean and classes are great for kids and adults.

 Awesome staff, hands on training. Can't wait for my son to embrace the art as he develops more skills.

 ### Start Your FREE Class!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
