---
source_url: http://www.cjjwalnut.com
final_url: https://cjjwalnut.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:03.931Z
---

Our Mission Is To Make You A Black Belt! # Superior Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training in Walnut - Facebook - google - instagram

 View our programs Start Your FREE Class!

 The instruction here is amazing. Prof Albert is Awesome!!! ... Read More
 #### Prawin Umin

 Prof. Albert and his family are the best! The academy is always clean and classes are great for kids and adults. ... Read More
 #### Giford Parks

 Awesome staff, hands on training. Can't wait for my son to embrace the art as he develops more skills. ... Read More
 #### Miguel De La Mora

 See More Reviews

 ## Kids Martial Arts Treat your child to the best Kids Martial Arts Classes in Walnut with our exciting Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program. We work with students of all ages and abilities, helping them build confidence, strength, and more!

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Our team at Caique Jiu Jitsu Walnut Academy is proud to provide the highest-quality Jiu Jitsu training in Walnut. We were the first academy in all of California to offer this unique brand of Jiu Jitsu, and we continue to work every day to help our members lose weight, build fitness, and prepare for competition.

 ## Creating Masters in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you are looking for self defense , weight loss , endurance , flexibility , a great all around workout, stress relief , greater focus , more confidence or just simply a hobby, Jiu Jitsu can do it all in the most involved and entertaining way possible.
 Caique Jiu Jitsu has been chosen by many as the best Martial Arts Gracie Brazilian Jiu Jitsu School in the West Coast and one of the best in the world.
 Owned and operated by Professor Albert Alvarado in conjunction with World renowned Master Carlos ‘Caique’ Elias, involved in the art of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu for over 40 years and is considered one of the best instructors in the world, Caique Jiu Jitsu has helped over 30 people from Walnut, Diamond Bark, Roland Heights, and beyond achieve their black belt in Gracie Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. And we're actively training new members every day!
 Drop by the studio and take a class with us or just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 Start Your FREE Class!

 Caique Jiu Jitsu Walnut Academy ## Our Services
 #### Confidence Our team at Caique Jiu Jitsu will help you become more confident than ever before as you make the journey from white belt to black belt.

 #### Discipline As you master new Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques, you'll gain a sense of focus and discipline that will help you achieve bigger things in all aspects of life.

 #### Self-Defense Being able to protect yourself and your loved ones is important. Whether you're here in Walnut or traveling abroad, we'll give you real self-defense skills to stay safe.

 #### New Friends & Mentors The martial arts are about more than just punching and kicking. They're also about community. Learn from the best instructors in Walnut and meet new friends!

 The instruction here is amazing. Prof Albert is Awesome!!!

 Prof. Albert and his family are the best! The academy is always clean and classes are great for kids and adults.

 Awesome staff, hands on training. Can't wait for my son to embrace the art as he develops more skills.

 ### Start Your FREE Class!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
