---
source_url: https://www.legacybjjsandiego.com
final_url: https://www.legacybjjsandiego.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:25.172Z
---

###### Legacy Begins With You
 # Empowering Lives Through Jiu Jitsu

 Contact Us
 View Schedule

 ## Grit to Greatness

 ## Heart to Hustle

 ## Guard to Greatness

 ## Memberships Options
 #### New to Jiu-Jitsu or returning after a break? Legacy San Diego welcomes you with an exclusive free trial class no commitment required. Try a class, meet the team, and feel the difference.
 Contact Now

 #### Start Your Journey
 #### Build confidence
 #### Learn real self-defense
 #### Train with top instructors
 Get Started

 # Weekly Class Schedule

 BOOK NOW

 ## Join a Community That Feels Like Home
 ## ​Empowering Lives Through Jiu-Jitsu From Our Family to Yours
 At Legacy San diego, we are dedicated to providing world-class Jiu-Jitsu training rooted in a strong family legacy. Our mission is to empower individuals, build strong communities, and inspire personal growth through the art of Jiu-Jitsu. We are committed to fostering a welcoming environment where all can experience the transformative power of Jiu-Jitsu, develop resilience, and achieve greatness—both on and off the mat.

 Learn More

 ##### Our Vision
 To create a lasting impact by building confidence, resilience, and meaningful connections through the art of Jiu-Jitsu.

 ##### Our Mission
 To teach quality Jiu-Jitsu in a respectful, empowering, and family-focused environment that promotes growth and confidence.

 ##### Our History
 Born from a shared jorney on the mats Legacy San Diego is a family-owned academy where discipline and community comes first.

 ###### About Us
 ## Building Champions On and Off the Mats
 Legacy San Diego is more than just a Jiu-Jitsu academy. It is the continuation of a lifelong journey of growth, and excellence in the art. Legacy San Diego is not just a gym; it is a family affair, built by mission: to pass on this deep connection, knowledge, and passion to our students.

 ###### Expert Coaching
 Train with world-class black belt instructors.

 ###### Real Growth
 Build strength, discipline, and confidence fast.

 ###### Mental Toughness
 Sharpen focus, patience, and resilience.

 ###### Family Vibes
 Feel supported in a warm, welcoming space.

 Learn More

 ## What Our Clients Say

 ## Let’s Connect with Legacy
 Mail
 ## Phone: (619) 963-4662
 Mail
 ## E-Mail: legacysandiegobjj@gmail.com
 Mail
 ## Address: ## 2176 Chatsworth Blvd, Suite B, San Diego 92107.

 First name
 Last Name
 Phone
 Subject
 Email
 Message
 Submit
