---
source_url: https://tbtgym.com/classes/kids-teens-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://tbtgym.com/classes/kids-teens-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.187Z
---

# Kids & Teens Brazilian Jiu Jitsu We are committed to providing a safe and fun learning environment where your kids or Teens can achieve their very best. We offer tailored programs for different age groups, each curriculum geared to build a solid foundation for techniques that will continue to challenge and inspire our students.
 In our Kid’s Program, we specialize in teaching children between the ages of 3 and 13.

 Two week free trial Your child/teen is welcome to try a complimentary class to experience first-hand the benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in building confidence, self-esteem and sportsmanship. Research has shown that martial arts has resulted in boosting a child’s ego, improving their grades, and giving them the mental and physical edge needed to excel for the rest of their lives.
 ## STOP BULLYING This program focuses on verbal control training vs brutal strength.
 Our coaches teach children how to defuse confrontations with words first. If your child gets attacked, don’t panic because we offer techniques to help your child neutralize the threat and gain control until help arrives. We teach great values to prevent your child from becoming a bully to other kids.
 Children will learn Self-discipline and Increased self-confidence are among the many benefits of Martial Arts for kids. We focus on avoiding the fight at all costs but If physically attacked, our kids will defend themselves. We train self defense so we don’t have to fight. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is designed for the smaller, weaker opponents to dominate a larger opponent. Training BJJ teaches you practical self defense, shows you what your strengths and weaknesses are and will build your confidence.
 Jiu Jitsu is “The Gentle Art” and though Jiu Jitsu they will learn that aggression is not always necessary. They will acquire skills of judgment that will result in being able to pick right from wrong in a calm, authoritative manner. Through studying Jiu Jitsu they will learn that for every action there is a reaction and will begin to learn how to think ahead. Your child will take this skill into life and will learn how to act and react to everything that goes on around them analyzing situations with a calm, respectful outlook. It is this attitude of respect for themselves and others that will lead them to become confident, self-disciplined, super achievers!
 When your teen or child is physically active, they will improve in many ways whether it be their health, confidence, or self-discipline.
 ## Benefits: - Coordination & Body Awareness - Discipline & Focus - Confidence - Socialization - Fitness

 Your browser does not support the video tag.
