---
source_url: https://tbtgym.com/classes/kids-teens-kickboxing/
final_url: https://tbtgym.com/classes/kids-teens-kickboxing/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.504Z
---

# Kids & Teens Kickboxing In our Kid’s Program, we specialize in teaching children between the ages of 3 and 13.
 We always make it fun for our kids and teens to effectively learn self-defense. We make sure kids don’t get traumatized during fighting sessions, so we are a place kids want to learn combative sport.

 Two week free trial ## What is Kickboxing and MuayThai? It is can basically mean any sport that includes the use of hands and kicks in a full contact setting. That is, kickboxing utilizes the 4-point striking system (punches and kicks) while Muay Thai utilizes the 8-point striking system (punches, kicks, knees, elbows)
 ## Is Muay Thai and Kickboxing better than boxing? Boxing is useful because it gives you a great advantage with footwork and self-defense. The main problem with Boxing is that you only focus on striking with hands, while Muay Thai and Kickboxing focuses on hands, feet, elbows, and knees.
 ## Why should your Son or Daughter Learn Self Defense? You as parent should enroll your loved children in a Self-Defense School to learn all aspect of hand to hand combat so they can learn basic security knowledge. Self-defense is a set of skills that allows one to defend themselves by engaging in physical combat in a controlled environment and supervised by a qualified instructor. It is meant to educate young people and prepare them physically and psychologically to protect themselves should they ever be caught up in a physical confrontation.
 ## Benefits: - Self-Defense - Full-Body Fitness - Improved Physical Skills - Strong Mental Skills - Fun

 Your browser does not support the video tag.
