---
source_url: https://tbtgym.com
final_url: https://tbtgym.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.588Z
---

## Start your fitness journey! ### Achieve a more active lifestyle Are you ready to become the fit and healthy person you’ve always wanted to be? Gear-up and get started today at TBT Gym! Located in beautiful McKinney, Texas, our fitness center is where your fitness journey begins. We have something for adults and kids. Choose from a variety of classes and programs that perfectly suit your needs on the way to achieving a more active and fulfilling lifestyle. You can do it, and we’ll help you get there!
 What is your fitness goal? Is it to achieve a firmer and fitter body? Is it to maintain a healthier lifestyle? Are you looking for an after-school care program for your kids that will keep them active? At TBT Gym, we can provide you with the instruction and resources you need to achieve your goals and more! Get your gym essentials ready, enroll in our fitness center, and start your training! Our gym is here to guide you throughout your fitness journey and support your children through afterschool programming.

 ## Accomplish your fitness goals and more

 ## Train with a qualified fitness instructor Getting in shape and improving your overall physical health requires an elevated level of dedication and challenging work. Come to TBT Gym and we’ll pair you with a fitness instructor who will become your educator, role model, and major source of motivation on your journey to becoming a better you!

 Learn More

 ## Begin your fitness training at TBT Gym There is no better time to start your fitness journey than now! Discuss your fitness needs and goals with our team. We will make sure to help you choose a program that perfectly suits you. Call our fitness center today to schedule an appointment!

 ## About our gym Our championship training facility has about 2,950 square feet of training area, kept clean and free of clutter. We have great instructors and a brand-new facility that motivates and inspires students to come in every day. We are proud to offer you a gym with a family atmosphere that promotes excitement and success. Also, we offer after-school programs to keep children active and healthy.

 Learn More

 The training area includes world-class equipment from heavy bags, Free-Standing Fitness punching bags, Olympic weight training equipment, over 800 sq. feet of Jiu Jitsu matted grappling area and free weights.
 We have done the research and provide only the best equipment, giving you the greatest opportunity for total body workout, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, striking classes, wrestling, and MMA workouts.
 We are conveniently located at 1434 N Central Expway, Suite 122 in McKinney, TX. Local drive times are under 10 minutes from downtown McKinney and under 20 minutes for the greater Allen, McKinney, and Frisco area. With easy access to Central Expressway and HW 121, we are one of the most accessible gyms in the Dallas area.

 ## Get fit, right in your town!

 ## Locations - McKinney - Anna - Sherman - Paris - Melissa - Celina -

 ## Inspiring fitness success stories

 Esmeralda Aguilar 01:54 08 Mar 22

 10/10 recommend the owners Fatima and AC are absolutely amazing. They don’t play around when it comes to slacking they definitely push you to your limits and out of your comfort zone to help build your strength and form when it comes to weight lifting. Absolutely love their gym!

 Fatima Clementino, Owner 16:40 06 Mar 22

 TBT GYM is One big family. One stop shop where everyone can workout together, parents and kids. They offer different variety programs that fits everyone’s needs. The gym is always clean, classes are fun & challenging. Everyone is so positive and encouraging. If you are looking for a second home this is the gym you want to go to.

 luvtoseemess 14:42 05 Mar 22

 This is an amazing experience! Through the years this gym has been such a healing space for me and my child. You get will have support as you build a better body, you will have fun as you join the community vibe this gym offers, you will have a stronger mental outlook because the owners don’t give up on you! The equipment they have is also a big deal. Total Body is not just their name. Your total body is taken care of here!

 Deen Rose Dickson 14:15 05 Mar 22

 Best decision me and my husband ever made after moving to McKinney was joining this gym. Fatima & AC are amazing at what they do and they push you to become our best selves. They offer a variety of workouts with different timings and there's a great group of people who we now call family!

 Dayle Straight 15:13 20 Oct 21

 AC and Fatima are AMAZING at what they do!! They really focus on you and your personal needs to attain your best results! They have cultivated such an amazing atmosphere at TBT, where you feel like family even with people you may be meeting for the first time! They are accommodating to all sorts of schedules and have classes for beginners through experts. TBT is absolutely the cleanest gym I have ever seen, which is especially important in these times during the pandemic. AC and Fatima truly want to help you become the best form of yourself that you can be, and they do it all while maintaining a fun and healthy atmosphere!! I would hands down recommend TBT to any and everyone looking to find a gym home!! We love you guys!

 See More

 ## Find the ideal fitness instructor today With proper guidance and support from a capable fitness instructor, no fitness challenge is impossible and no fitness goal is unachievable. Enroll in our fitness center today, and find yourself the ideal fitness partner! Call us today to get in touch with our trainers.

 ## Our staff Our professional staff is here to serve you and give you a proven workout that guarantees results. Together, we’ll design a nutrition, weight lifting, and cardio program that helps you reach your health and fitness aspirations. You will learn new skills that will get you lean faster and boost your self-confidence.
 We welcome people of all skill levels and have created programs for children, men, and women who are looking for a challenging and exhilarating place to condition and train.

 Learn More
