---
source_url: http://www.vanguardgym.com
final_url: https://www.vanguardgym.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:09.248Z
---

Vanguard Gym is the most complete Manassas martial arts location. Choose from Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BJJ, Submission Grappling, Women’s Only Grappling, Thai Boxing, Strength and Conditioning or Kids Martial Arts.

 Want to come in to see the facility and meet with one of our world-class coaches to discuss your goals and how you can expect to benefit from training with us? Schedule a “no-sweat intro” here!

 Schedule a No-sweat intro Here

 ## Contact Us Here:

 ## or Call Us at ‪(202) 596-5528‬ We are located at
 9414 Center Point Ln
 Manassas, Virginia 20110

 # OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu We have the area's original and longest standing BJJ program.  Led by Head Coach and Third Degree BJJ Black Belt Douglas Esposito, we have been training people just like you in our current location for over eleven years.
 TRY US OUT FOR 30 DAYS

 ## Thai Boxing Ready to take the next step? You can become a contributor to our cause, or participate yourself.
 TRY US OUT FOR 30 DAYS

 ## SUBMISSION GRAPPLING We have the area's only dedicated no-gi program for those who want to train for the fast moving sport of submission wrestling.  Led by BJJ Black Belt and grappling champion Christian Banghart, this program is designed to take you from beginner to advanced.
 TRY US OUT FOR 30 DAYS

 ## Vanguard Gym Strength and conditioning VGSC is a program for everybody. Join first-responders, housewives, and all sorts of regular folk in challenging themselves and getting in the best shape of their lives. Fat loss, toning, longevity, fitness, strength, and conditioning are all built in our team-based fully coached classes.
 GET MORE INFORMATION HERE
 ## Follow Us on InstaGram:
