---
source_url: https://swedesboromma.com
final_url: https://www.swedesboromma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:49.847Z
---

Visiting? Drop In

 Get Started

 # Mixed Martial arts classes in swedesboro, NJ
 # Swedesboro Martial arts
 Explore our diverse programs, including the best Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai training in Swedesboro, NJ for both adults and kids, and join a community committed to excellence, discipline, and strength.

 Book A Free Trial View All Programs

 ## where champions are made
 Welcome to Swedesboro Martial Arts – the premier destination for top-tier Muay Thai and Jiu-Jitsu training in Swedesboro, NJ. Whether you're a seasoned fighter or a complete beginner, our expert instructors are dedicated to helping you reach your full potential.

 Get Started

 ## Programs
 At Swedesboro Martial Arts, we offer a diverse range of programs designed for all ages and skill levels.

 Whether you're interested in mastering the art of Jiu-Jitsu or Muay Thai, our expert instructors are here to guide you every step of the way.

 Explore our adult and kids' classes to find the perfect fit for your martial arts journey.

 ### Adults Jiu-Jitsu Master the art of ground combat!

 ### Adults Muay Thai Strike with power & precision

 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu Building confidence and discipline (Ages 3-13)

 ### Kids Muay Thai Empowering young warriors (Ages 3-12)

 ## Membership Plans
 Discounts available for military, first responders, nurses, students, teachers, families and 65+

 #### unlimited: #### kids 3-6
 ##### From $89/month
 - Access to our Little Warriors class

 Buy Plan
 #### Unlimited: #### Kids 7-14
 ##### From $140/month
 - Access to all kid's classes

 Buy Plan
 #### unlimited: #### adult
 ##### From $160/month
 - Access to all our adult classes

 Buy Plan

 #### 5-class pack
 ##### $99
 - Pre-purchase access to any 5 classes.

 Buy Plan
 #### 10-class pack
 ##### $189
 - Pre-purchase access to any 10 classes.

 Buy Plan
 #### women's only
 ##### $50
 - Pre-purchase access to any 5 women's only program classes.

 Buy Plan

 #### Yoga Class Pack ####
 ##### $100
 - Pre-purchase access to 10 classes.

 Buy Plan
 #### Yoga Class (Member)
 ##### $10
 - Pre-purchase access to 1 class.

 Buy Plan
 #### Yoga Class (Non-Member)
 ##### $15
 - Pre-purchase access to 1 class.

 Buy Plan

 ## Schedule
 Check out our weekly class schedule to find the perfect time for to join our exciting Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu programs.

 ## Location
 95 Woodstown Rd, Swedesboro, 08085-3181, US

 ## Member Reviews
 No need to take our word for it—read some testimonials from our members about why they love Swedesboro Martial Arts!

 Rating

 ## Contact Us
 Get in touch with Swedesboro Martial Arts today to learn more about our programs, schedule a class, or ask any questions.

 We look forward to helping you or your child embark on an exciting martial arts journey!

 Font Awesome Icons First Name * Required field!
 Last Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field! Enter a valid email address!
 Phone * Required field! Enter a 10 digit number to ensure you receive SMSs.
 City
 State - Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming
 Date Of Birth
 Subscribe to SMS
 How Did You Hear About Us - Friend/Family Facebook Google/Search Engine SMS Online Sales Other
 Referred By
 Comments
 Invalid reCAPTCHA!

 ### The Digital Athlete Experience
 We partner with Wodify to support your fitness goals before, during, and after class through our mobile app.

 Before Class

 Check out the mobile app before class to understand the concepts & techniques you will learn.

 During Class

 View the workout of the day and your performance history during class.

 After Class

 Use the mobile app after class to take notes, track your progress, interact with other members, and more.

 ### Ready to dominate in the world of martial arts?
 Sign up now and become a part of Swedesboro Martial Arts. Train with the best, push your limits, and join a brotherhood of warriors.

 Book A Free Trial

 #### Locations
 95 Woodstown Rd, Swedesboro, 08085-3181, US

 #### Hours
 Mon - Thu 6:00 am - 9:30 pm
 Friday 6:00 am - 7:00 pm
 Saturday 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
 Sunday 10:00 am - 1:00 pm

 #### Connect
 (856) 214-2133

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
