---
source_url: http://www.shuharimartialarts.com
final_url: https://shuharimartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:57.701Z
---

- - - - -

 4.6 Rating

 - - - - -

 4.9 Rating

 # Shuhari Martial Arts Sarasota’s Premier Self-Defense Martial Arts For All Ages At Shuhari Martial Arts, we believe that embracing the discipline of martial arts is a gateway to living your most empowered life. Dive deeper and discover how our school can be your first step towards transformative growth and self-discovery.

 Select a Program

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5 – 9) Youth Martial Arts (Ages 10 – 14) Teens & Adult </br>Martial Arts(Ages 15+) Kobudo (Stick Training) Shuri-te Ju-Jutsu -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Shuhari Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 Self-Defense Martial Arts in Sarasota
 ## Welcome to Shuhari Martial Arts We are dedicated to fostering community, building character, and enhancing mental well-being through our martial arts programs. Our curriculum not only integrates essential self-defense techniques but also focuses on personal growth and resilience. Our expert instructors blend proven martial arts methods with real-world strategies to help you and your family build confidence, inner strength, and a sense of belonging.
 Explore our website to discover how our comprehensive training programs can transform your skills, boost your mental health, and connect you with a supportive community. We look forward to seeing you soon!
 LEARN MORE

 OUR PROGRAMS
 ## MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN Sarasota Looking for the right martial arts class? Check out Shuhari Martial Arts's variety of self-defense martial arts programs, designed for all ages and skills. Pick one to get more details and kickstart your journey.

 Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5 – 9)
 Equip your child with vital self-defense skills, boosted confidence, and discipline through our Kids Karate classes, designed to empower them to stand up for themselves in any situation.
 View Program

 Youth Martial Arts (Ages 10 – 14)
 Empower your child with essential self-defense skills through our Youth Karate program. At Shuhari Martial Arts, we blend traditional karate with practical self-defense training to build confidence, resilience, and safety.
 View Program

 Teens & Adult </br>Martial Arts(Ages 15+)
 Discover our Sarasota Teens & Adult Karate classes, where traditional techniques meet powerful self-defense training for a comprehensive and enjoyable fitness experience.
 View Program

 Kobudo (Stick Training)
 Discover the power of self-defense with our Kobudo stick training, where you'll build strength, agility, and real-world protection skills.
 View Program

 Shuri-te Ju-Jutsu
 Master effective self-defense techniques while enhancing your fitness and mental resilience with our expert-led Shuri-te Ju-Jutsu classes, designed for all skill levels.
 View Program

 "Traditional martial arts training focuses on self control, self discipline, respect and hard work. These values are integrated into every class at Shuhari Martial Arts. Students will find these qualities in themselves as they apply the lessons learned at the dojo into their daily lives."
 Head Instructor Mark Baker

 Shuhari Martial Arts REVIEWS
 ## See what our members say See what our members are saying! Browse through the reviews to get a glimpse of the Shuhari Martial Arts experience straight from our community.

 Gabriel Marguglio
 Love this place, the Martial Arts Fitness Class is AMAZING... it is hard in the beginning, but after some classes I started to feel more energized thru the day... I have lost 10 lb already and I've never felt more in control of my body... People is really nice, Mark is awesome and we always have a great time!

 Chencho Torres
 Great school, nice attitude, great teachers, my son loves this place. Thanks Mark to teach my son.

 Omar O. S. Schwanzer
 The owner Mark is an excellent teacher, very skilled and cares about his students. His school is clean, well organized and a safe place for anyone including kids.

 Brian Nell
 Another amazing class at “Meeting of the Masters” this year. Thank you for the instruction!

 Kevin Bergquist
 Absolutely the BEST! Awesome, clean facility, caring staff, and highly skilled instructors!

 Ryan McBride
 If you're looking for a dojo run with integrity and dedication, this is the place. My kids trained here and Mark is there for every class leading with patience and persistence. You won't find a Sensei with more knowledge, experience, and passion for martial arts.

 Jarka Sibilia
 This dojo and instructors are absolutely Amazing. My family and I highly recommended. If I could I would give them 6 stars. They make you feel like family and all around Great people. 👍 …

 Yoko Kita
 This is a great martial arts school with an exceptional chief instructor. He works with each student patiently regardless of his/her physical skill level, and provides a safe & positive environment every class. All students get to learn both traditional martial arts and practical self-defense skills. I recommend this school to anyone - stop by & check it out!

 12 Springs Church
 Many members of our congregation have trained or are training at Shuhari Martial Arts. Mark is an excellent mentor and teacher for anyone, regardless of age. His character combined with his experience and expertise make him an easy recommendation for us!

 COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
 ## PROVIDING HIGH-QUALITY MARTIAL ARTS
 SARASOTA, FL

 KENSINGTON PARK, FL

 DESOTO LAKES, FL

 THE MEADOWS, FL

 BRADENTON, FL

 ## MORE COMMUNITIES

 OUR BLOG
 ## HELPFUL TIPS FROM Shuhari Martial Arts Whether you’re a beginner eager to learn, a parent seeking to empower your child, or just curious about the art, our blog is your go-to source for valuable guidance and inspiration. Dive into our posts and embark on a journey to enhance your skills and well-being!

 The Positive Effects of Martial Arts for a Child in School
 Grade school can be quite the experience for any child. It is a place where a child not only learns academically but one where a child must learn to socialize and function in the world. Unfortunately, there are a lot of negative experiences that a child may have when going through school. Whatever those experiences […]
 READ MORE »

 Finding Harmony: Martial Arts as a Path to Balance and Well-Being
 In today’s fast-paced and hectic world, finding a sense of balance and well-being is crucial for leading a fulfilling life. While many turn to meditation, yoga, or other wellness practices, martial arts offers a unique and holistic approach to achieving harmony within ourselves. In this article, we will explore how martial arts can be a […]
 READ MORE »

 Protect Your Heart with Martial Arts
 Every year, the American Heart Association celebrates Heart Month to raise awareness about heart disease and heart health. What you may not know is that martial arts are great for the heart. In fact, the cardiac benefits of martial arts give a whole new meaning to the idea of cardiovascular fitness. With that in mind, […]
 READ MORE »

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5 – 9) Youth Martial Arts (Ages 10 – 14) Teens & Adult </br>Martial Arts(Ages 15+) Kobudo (Stick Training) Shuri-te Ju-Jutsu -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Shuhari Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
