---
source_url: http://avantgardebjj.com
final_url: https://avantgardebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:12.966Z
---

# INNOVATE THE WAY. EMBRACE THE CHANGE. REACH YOUR POTENTIAL. ### WE ARE NOT THE NORM. #WEAREAVANTGARDE WE ARE AN INNOVATIVE GRAPPLING COLLECTIVE PUSHING THE AESTHETIC BOUNDARY OF SOCIETAL NORMS IN THE PURSUIT OF KNOWLEDGE & UNDERSTANDING WITHIN THE ART OF JIU JITSU.

 AVANT GARDE JIU JITSU ACADEMY IS AN OPPORTUNITY FOR PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT. WE HAVE CAREFULLY DESIGNED OUR ACADEMY TO OPTIMIZE YOUR GRAPPLING SKILLS WITH OUR CREATIVE LEARNING APPROACH & ALWAYS EVOLVING FOCUSED ENVIRONMENT TO ASSIST YOU IN BREAKING BOUNDARIES.
 TO BE DRIVEN BY THE RELENTLESS PURSUIT OF “ BETTER .”
 WE UTILIZE JIU JITSU AS A MECHANISM FOR PEOPLE TO MAXIMIZE THE POTENTIAL WITHIN THEMSELVES.

 GET STARTED

 #### OUR METHOD AVANT GARDE JIU JITSU ACADEMY METHOD CONSISTS OF THREE INTERCONNECTED COMPONENTS.
 MARTIAL ARTS PHILOSOPHY, APPLICATION OF SKILL ACQUISITION & COMPETITION.
 THROUGH THESE COMPONENTS WE ACCOMPLISH OUR PURPOSE OF MAXIMIZING YOUR POTENTIAL & EMPOWERING YOU TO GAIN BENEFITS THAT GO FAR BEYOND THE MATS, MAKING A REAL IMPACT IN YOUR EVERYDAY LIFE.

 LEARN MORE

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 #### KIDS JIU JITSU #### ADULT JIU JITSU #### ADULT JIU JITSU
 THE AVANT GARDE JIU JITSU KIDS PROGRAM IS DESIGNED TO BUILD THE NEXT GENERATION OF CHAMPIONS BY INSTILLING IMPORTANT CORE VALUES LIKE CONFIDENCE, SELF-DISCIPLINE, RESPECT, AND MORE THROUGH THE MARTIAL ART OF JIU JITSU.

 #### ADULT JIU JITSU #### ADULT JIU JITSU #### ADULT JIU JITSU
 THE ADULTS PROGRAM OFFERS CLASSES 6 DAYS A WEEK WITH LEVELS RANGING FROM BASIC, FUNDAMENTAL & COMPETITION FOCUSED SESSIONS.
 THE FORMAT, CURRICULUM AND STRUCTURE FOR EACH CLASS IS DESIGNED TO ENSURE THE BEST POSSIBLE LEARNING ENVIRONMENT FOR ALL STUDENTS.

 #### ADULT NOGI GRAPPLING THE NOGI PROGRAM ALLOWS STUDENTS TRAINING IN THE GI TO DIVERSIFY THEIR TRAINING WITH NOGI JIU JITSU. THE CURRICULUM FOCUSES SPECIFICALLY ON THE TECHNIQUES & POSITIONS FOUND MORE COMMONLY IN NOGI, CREATING THE PERFECT COMPLEMENT TO THE GI PROGRAMS OFFERED AT AVANT GARDE JIU JITSU.

 #### KICKBOXING & MMA
