---
source_url: http://www.carlsongraciegrandrapids.com
final_url: https://carlsongraciegrandrapids.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:16.777Z
---

# Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids ## Family, Team Support, Competition
 Get Started Today

 Select Martial Art BJJ & Wrestling Free Trial
 Muay Thai & Boxing Free Trial

 ×
 #### Martial Arts Free Trial

 #### Welcome To ### Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids
 Welcome to Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids—a friendly, family-oriented martial arts academy in southeast Grand Rapids, Michigan! We are a close-knit community that keeps the outside noise out of the school. Students are here to get better, and we don’t want to deal with toxic behavior. We place a heavy emphasis on supporting family and women’s martial arts training so everyone can work out comfortably. No matter who you are, you may wonder, “What are the benefits of martial arts?” We focus on using self-defense lessons to improve your physical fitness and self-improvement in all aspects of your life. Are you looking to change for the better? Then join Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids to train in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Wrestling and Muay Thai today!

 ### Two weeks of FREE martial arts classes! Come join us for two weeks at Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids and see what our martial arts academy can do for you!

 Join Now Select Martial Art BJJ & Wrestling Free Trial
 Muay Thai & Boxing Free Trial

 ×
 #### Martial Arts Free Trial

 ### Programs

 ### Special Offers

 ### Schedule

 #### Who we are at ### Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids

 #### Our School Everything done at Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids is fast paced and active. We keep our students constantly moving to get the best out of them while uplifting them with positivity. The goal is to make people better, which requires hard work. This comes as a combination of Carlson Gracie style of training with new school philosophies included. Those looking for high-energy fitness and modern competition techniques can both receive the best training for them. The high-end training doesn’t stop there. We have seminars multiple times a year, including Carlson Gracie Jr himself. On the fun side (it is all fun) we have live DJ open matts, any other team building activities designed to bring training partners close on and off the mats. Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids is a true martial arts family, and we can’t wait to see you join us on the mats!
 #### History We have prided ourselves on providing the highest quality martial arts in Grand Rapids since 2019. Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids opened to create a non-toxic martial arts atmosphere for the community. Academy owner Michael Moore started with a 2,500 square foot facility. In a short time we upgraded our facility to 10,000 square feet. That has led to many upgrades including: saunas, ice baths, IV stations, massage areas, chiropractic services, a store, lobby, weight room, and 3 mat spaces for martial arts classes. Our upgrades follow our themes of self-improvement. The improvements of our academy have coincided with our students’ personal growth journeys to become their best selves.

 ### What Sets Us Apart
 Since we opened our doors, our community has grown exponentially. Students have come into a friendly environment and have learned valuable life skills and martial arts skills. Check out what makes our Grand Rapids martial arts academy stand out from the rest!

 ##### Non-Toxic Culture We know many martial arts academies can become toxic and rigid. That is not Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids. Here, we foster a close-knit community that is supportive of families and women to train and improve.

 ##### Continuously Improving Facility Our martial arts academy has continued to grow. We now sit at 10,000 square feet with a store, lobby, weight room, and 3 mat spaces to maximize each students’ experience.

 ##### Recovery Options Our students have all the resources they need to recover and get ready for martial arts lessons on the mat. We have saunas, ice baths, IVs, massage therapists, and chiropractic services

 ##### High-End Competitive Success No other martial arts academy dominates on the mat like us. From our kids program to our Adult programs we boast multiple Pan Ams and World Champions. Our striking program speaks with its own success from multiple Muay Thai fighters to our female Pro MMA fighter!

 ##### Successful Kids Martial Arts Program As well as the off-the-mat benefits all our children’s martial arts classes offer, our kids strive in competition. The young ones are undefeated in team competitions, as they learn what it takes to win while being a good person.

 ##### Balanced Training Philosophy One of the staples of our academy is our balanced approach on the mats. We combine the old school Carlson Gracie style with modern Jiu-Jitsu practices. This provides students with the best training possible!

 ### Check out our martial arts schedule! We have over 50 martial arts classes a week! Go find the one that fits your weekly calendar the best!

 View Schedule

 #### Take a look at our students enjoying ### martial arts classes!

 ### Two weeks of FREE martial arts classes! Come join us for two weeks at Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids and see what our martial arts academy can do for you!

 Join Now Select Martial Art BJJ & Wrestling Free Trial
 Muay Thai & Boxing Free Trial

 ×
 #### Martial Arts Free Trial

 ### Words from our Community Carlson Gracie Grand Rapids is a home for everyone looking for self-defense training, martial arts lessons, and fitness skills. We are a family-oriented academy that has each other’s backs in and out of the gym. And you don’t just need to hear it from us. Check out what those in the Grand Rapids martial arts community have to say about what makes us the best place for you!

 Previous “We have had such an amazing experience here! The instructors work so well with the kids and do a great job teaching them new moves. The kids have a blast!!”

 Allie Mayes
 Google

 “I love this place. The sensai’s are awesome and really take the time to teach every student especially my daughter how to perform the moves.”

 Amanda Grooters
 Google

 “Great people and coaches! Very welcoming and helpful to everyone no matter your experience level. They make you work for your belts.”

 Josh Martin
 Google

 “Amazing gym, awesome instructors, and incredibly friendly staff. Best of all, the tight-knit community of jiu-jitsu enthusiasts warmly welcomes everyone to the sport.”

 Mitch Cuckovich
 Google

 “You can tell that they truly care and want you to succeed. Very family oriented! Grateful to have found Carlson Gracie gym!”

 Rachel Mcgee
 Google

 Next

 ### Foundations We Support
 We Defy Foundation Adopt A Cop

 ### Contact Us! We proudly provide Grand Rapids martial arts and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. As well as our community, we also welcome those in Rockford, Caledonia, Grandville, and Ada Township. You can find our martial arts academy on 28th Street behind and below the Buffalo Wild Wings!

 (616) 307-5295

 carlsongraciegrandrapids@yahoo.com

 2035 28th St SE Suit U, Grand Rapids, MI 49508
