---
source_url: https://www.gentleartlifestyle.com/milwaukeebjjcamps
final_url: https://www.gentleartlifestyle.com/milwaukeebjjcamps
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:28.580Z
---

Join us for our

 # Gentle Art Lifestyle Jiu Jitsu Camps
 What makes our Gentle Art Lifestyle camps special is certainly the people it draws. Meghan and Josh are addicted Jiu Jitsu hobbyists that genuinely love hosting these smaller camps. The strangers that came at first have now turned into their friends. The camps provide them with an excuse for them all to get together, while learning about their passion of Jiu Jitsu.
 ​
 Our coaches are always some of the best, not only their personal Jiu Jitsu but also the way that they convey it. Additionally, they engage with everyone, you can roll with them, and they are here for the same reason as everyone else…to enjoy themselves and their new or old friends.

 ## Winter Camp
 The things that we accomplish in life that are the hardest we are most proud of. Winter camp in Wisconsin offers the ideal place to challenge yourself to create those lasting memories. This BJJ camp varies from our summer camp in that we put an additional focus on learning and practicing the Wim Hof method.
 ​
 The Jiu Jitsu is still the main attraction, offering 12 hours of seminars from coaches from around the country. The Wim Hof method and practice however sets this camp apart. Josh Janis, long time Wim Hof practitioner, walks you through the breathing. After we have a hang of it, we build bonfires on the beach and take our turns going into Lake Michigan which is approximately 34 degrees in February! Facing the challenge with fellow campers from all over will be a memory that lasts forever.

 Learn More

 ## Summer Camp
 Milwaukee in summer rivals any place in America. Perfect weather on the coastline of one of the world's biggest lakes. Add in Jiu Jitsu coached by some of the countries (and worlds) most talented coaches and you have a wonderful reason to visit us.
 ​
 This Gentle Art Lifestyle camp revolves around Jiu Jitsu and outdoor activities. A class and open mat overlooking lake Michigan, a camp cookout, outdoor patios to enjoy together and options for hiking or beach time. Don’t get me wrong, we still have 12 hours worth of BJJ seminars, but the outdoor environment and friends we make along the way are the real draws.

 Learn More
