---
source_url: https://www.gentleartlifestyle.com/whitelotusbjj
final_url: https://www.gentleartlifestyle.com/whitelotusbjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:30.110Z
---

Anchor 1
 # Painless, Precise & Playful Jiu Jitsu in Milwaukee
 White Lotus is our home for practicing Jiu Jitsu in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In our view, Jiu Jitsu should be painless, precise and playful. Most of us are hobbyists with day jobs who do not need the added risk of a win-every-round culture.
 ​
 We are proudly affiliated with the BJJ Globetrotters , and our head coaches, Joshua and Meghan, have taught at camps around the world. We are passionate about sharing our knowledge with both members and traveling guests.
 ​
 Our community includes all skill levels, ages, sizes, and athletic backgrounds. We tailor our coaching to each individual and their unique body type.
 ​
 Thinking about trying us out?
 Your first week is always free. During open mats, all schools and levels are welcome. Our membership options are flexible and affordable, with both full-time and auxiliary memberships. Auxiliary memberships are perfect if you already have a home gym but want to continue your education here.
 ​

 Free Trial

 About

 ## Interested in Starting Jiujitsu?
 Get ready for your first class with a comprehensive guide we've devoloped. This document will help you understand the basics of Brazilian Jiujitsu and what to expect.

 Guide

 ## Meghan Wagner
 Meghan is the owner of White Lotus Jiu Jitsu, a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (under Jay Pages ), and a 3rd degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do, with a Master’s in Education. She brings a creative approach to jiujitsu and believes in non traditional ways to move. For her, a roll is a success when it leads to a position she has never been in before.

 - -

 ## Joshua Janis
 Joshua is a first degree Black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with over 20 years of experience. He has multiple videos on BJJ Fanatics , has coached all over the world with BJJ Globetrotters, and has been coaching since 2012. His career, executive coaching with Janis Consulting , has also helped build him into an excellent communicator of the principles of BJJ.

 - - - -

 Classes in green on the schedule are for advanced grapplers only
 Children's classes are free through City Champs, please register at Citychamps.org

 Schedule

 Full time Membership
 - $120/month or $1250/year (paid in ful) - White Lotus is the home gym - Unlimited access 24/7 365 to mats and other gym amenities - Progression and Promotions accountability - Space is open to use as member sees fit during non class times

 Auxiliary Membership (Experienced grapplers only)
 - $75/month or $825/year (paid in full) - Student has a main school and White Lotus is a second home - Access 8 classes/month - Can come to any class
 ​
 Black Belt Membership
 - Free full time membership to those who have earned their black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. (Must still apply)

 ## Membership Options
 Membeship

 ## Come in & Try a Free BJJ Class
 If you're new to our jiujitsu, we highly recommend starting with our White Belt Methods class, held on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 5:30 to 6:30 PM. Experienced grapplers are always welcome to join any class. Feel free to give us a call, fill out our free trial interest form, or just stop by and give it a try!

 Free Trial
 Call Us

 ## Contact Us
 420 S 1st St, Milwaukee, WI 53204, USA whitelotusbjj@gmail.com | Tel: 414-253-6103

 - -

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
