---
source_url: https://profectushq.com/columbia?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=16731742650943058916
final_url: https://www.profectushq.com/columbia?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=16731742650943058916
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:39.874Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Columbia, TN
 Class Schedule
 Book Free Class

 ###### Contact Info
 (931) 820-6054

 817 S Main St.

 Columbia, TN 38401

 ## About Us
 Located in the historic downtown square of Columbia, TN. We offer Jiu-Jitsu training and instruction for ages 3 & up!
 ​
 - Adult Classes: Whether you're stepping onto the mat for the first time or aiming for podium finishes, Profectus Jiu Jitsu Columbia offers a comprehensive range – from beginners to our renowned competition program, there's a spot for every skill level.
 ​
 - Kids Programs (Ages 3-13): Nurture your child's growth with our Jiu Jitsu classes! For our tiniest students we focus on broad fundamentals, ensuring a fun and engaging foundation. For the older kids, we offer in-depth training that hones skills, discipline, and confidence, preparing them for greater challenges both on and off the mat.
 ​
 - Unparalleled Expertise & Safety: Benefit from the experience of our seasoned instructors. Our commitment isn't just to excellence within the sport but also to ensuring a safe, nurturing environment for everyone on the mats.
 ​
 - Dip Your Toes with a Trial Class: Dive into the world of Jiu Jitsu with a trial class. Test the waters, feel the vibe, and discover why we're the top choice for many. It's the perfect way to immerse yourself before fully committing!

 ## Miles Kirby
 Miles Kirby is the Head Professor and Co-Founder of Profectus Columbia alongside Professor Jeremy Akin.

 #### kids classes
 Take A Class
 Schedule

 Our kids program is open to children ages 3 and up. Kids are divided in age-appropriate groups, unique to each location. Classes are designed to help our students develop balance, reflexiveness, flexibility, and coordination. Our program promotes self-esteem/confidence, discipline, growth mindset development and compassion. Rather than having to rely on their size or strength, our students learn to use leverage and technique. Classes are taught in a positive and fun environment to encourage students to enjoy learning the art, as well as the sport of Jiu-Jitsu. While we never push or force students to compete, it is absolutely encouraged and nourished when the child themselves show interest!

 ###### Kids Class - Fun for Everyone

 ###### Gia - I Love Jiu Jitsu

 ###### Chris - A Community

 ###### Lisa - It's Empowering

 ###### Jason - All About Culture

 #### Our Team
 Take A Class
 Schedule

 ### Miles Kirby
 Head Coach/Owner Profectus Columbia

 ### Jeremy Akin
 Head Coach/Owner Profectus Columbia

 ### Olivia Jensen
 Coach

 ### Connor Riffe
 Coach

 ###### Profectus White Belt Survival Guide
 Not sure what to expect when you sign up for a free class? No problem! Our white belt survival guide is here to get you started. Our survival guide shows you what you can expect and how Jiu Jitsu can be just the tool you are looking for to move your life forward.

 Get the Guide

 #### Adult classes
 Take A Class
 Schedule

 Our classes have been carefully designed to push you each day to measurable goals while teaching you how to train safely for the long term. Through our, unique, immersion approach and exposure to all levels of training partners early on, you will have the opportunity to grow at your own pace while being carefully pushed and encouraged by your new friends on the mat.
 ​
 Our adult program is open to students of all experience levels and interests. Our classes range from beginner to advanced, offering students the option to train according to their own personal goals. Whether it's to learn self-defense skills, lead a healthier lifestyle, hone technical skills, or compete at the world level, our adult program is designed to help students achieve their goals at their desired pace. Read about our classes below.

 #### kids classes
 Classes for kids ages 4 and up.

 #### adult classes
 Classes for every goal.

 #### our team
 More About our Instructors & Staff
