---
source_url: http://www.bjjvegas.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://bjjvegas.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:29.248Z
---

#### NEW MMA OFFER! ###### 7 days of classes - FOR FREE. SIGN UP!

 # Centennial Hills Kids Martial Arts Classes

 ## Take On The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Las Vegas Today! At Odin's Halls Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness, we pride ourselves on building solid Jiu Jitsu foundations from the ground up. Known in-house as “Odin’s Wolfpack,” our kid's program is known the world over and widely credited as one of the top programs in the country, producing 7 national champions and taking home 7 team titles in the southwest in just under 3 years since it’s inception.
 Jiu Jitsu is hard, but our classes are high-energy fun for students of all ages and experience levels that focus on teaching kids the discipline and perseverance needed to succeed not only on the mat but also in the real world. Our classes start from beginner level all the way to advanced, each class focusing on what each individual kid needs to progress to the next level.
 Belts are hard-earned, never just given away, and the progress is real. As children grow through our system, working their way up into the higher levels of the program, they become leaders, exuding the confidence and skill needed to tackle any challenge that comes their way both on and off the mat.
 We work hard to meet the needs of kids all across Centennial Hills and surrounding areas
 Learn more today by simply filling out the short form on your screen.
 ## What Makes Our Kids Martial Arts Classes So Special? Our belief is that one of the major pitfalls of teaching martial arts is the idea that every child should stand in line, wear matching uniforms, and never talk out of turn. Here at Odin’s Halls Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness, we dare to be different. Every child is encouraged to experiment with the moves, ask questions , and offer their opinions , using their creativity to zero in on their individual strong suits to solve the difficult problems Jiu Jitsu throws their way. Every child should have a voice, and our mission is to help them find that voice through the trial and effort, hard challenges, and creative thinking one must build to become a knowledgeable BJJ practitioner.
 ## What is WolfPack 64 Our Wolfpack 64 program is the kid's program, comprised of the 64 techniques and drills we've deemed essential for someone to know on their way to becoming a knowledgeable grappler. Our Wolfpack 64 curriculum is based on our adult curriculum but includes drills and games that make the techniques fun and easier to remember.
 As of fall 2022, we are now offering 6 levels of kids classes (ages 3-15), each of them ascending in difficulty from beginner level to advanced , each of them designed to ensure that the child has mastered one specific piece of our curriculum before moving onto the next.
 ## Wild Wolves Level 1 Ages 3-6
 This kids program focuses on bringing our youngest wolves into the pack by teaching them the value of teamwork , following directions , and learning to focus within the group setting. Our objective is to get everyone through the first level of our 4 part beginner system. The core movements, postures, and coordination learned in this class lay the foundation and are considered a prerequisite to learning more advanced Jiu Jitsu concepts.
 Level 2 Super Wolves. Ages 5-10
 In this class, we start learning Jiu-Jitsu fundamentals. Takedowns, escapes, breaking grips, and basic pinning techniques are taught in this class as the students begin their transition from entry-level students to become martial artists .
 Level 3 Golden Wolves. Ages 6-10
 This is the Jr. Wolfpack. Wild Wolves competition team. In this class, we train with a competition focus. The intensity turns up a notch, and while the techniques will become more advanced, we place emphasis on preparing for tournaments, getting those who are interested ready to learn Jiu Jitsu at a competitive pace. Competitive Jiu Jitsu is not for everyone, but for those who want to compete, this is the class.
 Level 4 Wolfpack beginners. Ages 8-15
 This is the first Wolfpack-aged class. This beginners class covers the basics of levels 1 and 2, but with a faster pace, better suited to the older entry-level student.
 Level 5 Odin’s Wolfpack. Ages 8-14
 This is the premiere kids class at Odin's Hall. All of our national competitors have come from level 5. Mostly consisting of upper belt competitors, this class moves fast. Everyone is expected to know the basics and come in ready to work. The curriculum is based on our adult curriculum while tailor-fitting it to the specific needs/abilities of our competition-level kids. This is the hardest class of the day, designed to bring out the best in our kids as we prepare them for the next level.
 Level 6 Teen class. Ages 13-16
 Teen class is designed to help with the transition from our kid program to our adult program. At 13, kids become eligible to come to adult classes. Teen class exists as a segue, helping them to train in a more mature environment, gradually easing them into the demands of our adult curriculums.
 Wrestling
 The wrestling class is ideal for the young competitor, aspiring high school wrestlers, or anyone looking to get into shape. Wrestling classes are harder and more physically demanding than our regular Jiu Jitsu classes. Spanning ages 7-15, wrestling classes are broken into two levels; levels 2 and 3, or levels 4,5,6.

 Muay Thai Kickboxing

 Our newest add-on for kids. In addition to all our grappling style classes (BJJ, no-gi grappling, wrestling, we are now offering kids kickboxing classes 2 nights per week at no extra charge. Glove up and see what this new class is all about!
 ## PLUS, All Of Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Offer Incredible Life Skills Our Kids Martial Arts program is designed to be fun and exciting and full of non-stop action. But we also make it a priority to go beyond just physical development when it comes to our students.
 We want each child who trains with us to walk away better prepared for whatever life throws their way. That's why our team at Odin's Halls Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness uses the world of BJJ and Wrestling as a vehicle for improved character development. Come see why Odin's Halls is far from traditional!
 We're helping kids all across Centennial Hills and Providence:
 - Learn how to persevere through any challenge - Effectively communicate with others - Remain confident in everything they do - Develop lifelong leadership and teamwork skills
 ## Try Out Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Centennial Hills Today! Not only will you get top-tier instruction inside of our facility, but there are fun activities that take place outside of our walls as well!
 While being a part of our Kids Martial Arts program, you'll have access to:
 - Pizza Parties - Team BBQs - Report Card Contests - Straight A Squad
 Give your child the best chance to thrive with the help of our team at Odin's Halls Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness. Our training includes the best blend of mental, physical, and emotional tools, and we can't wait to show you what we're all about.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes and everything else we have to offer here in @Primary Location!

 - - -

 ## The Best BJJ Training In Centennial Hills Request information

 The Best! Our two sons joined Odin's Halls Kids Wolfpack, and in little over a month they have completely transformed! Their confidence, patience and physical ability have reached a whole new level. Coach Steve provides well-fitted, age appropriate instruction in a way that allows each child to feel coached, encouraged, and engaged. As parents, we've struggled to find a physical sport that brings out the best in our kids. None compare to the "whole picture benefit” like the art of Jiu-Jitsu. Coach Steve and the assistant instructors have incorporated their expertise and passion for the sport to develop a kids BJJ class that is fun, exciting, challenging and rewarding. We couldn't be happier to have such a positive outlet in the NW!!

 My daughter loves her classes and her coach. Steve is very patient with all of the kids and makes learning new skills fun, not like a chore. My daughter's behavior and sleep schedule has improved greatly since starting this class 3 weeks ago. I have been looking into many different avenues to help with her behavior and I think I have found the perfect one!

 Great facility to train BJJ. Awesome amount of mat space (which was very clean). Coach Steve is a great instructor, very detailed and pays attention everyone. The environment itself is also amazing the team there were very friendly as well. Defiantly would check this place out!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
