---
source_url: http://www.bjjvegas.com/classes/Online-Training
final_url: https://bjjvegas.com/classes/Online-Training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:29.593Z
---

#### NEW MMA OFFER! ###### 7 days of classes - FOR FREE. SIGN UP!

 # Online Training in Centennial Hills

 ## Get Quality Martial Arts Training in Centennial Hills No Matter Where Life Takes You We all know that starting off a new martial art can be intimidating. Now you can take advantage of our new virtual training program, and cover the first 6 months of your BJJ curriculum entirely from home!
 You'll be able to try our solo drills to learn all the basic movements you’ll need from the comfort of your own home. Then dive into our curriculum, and study all the first 4 basic fundamentals series that you’ll need to know so that you can hit the ground running when you decide to come in and join our team!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!
 ## #### Why Choose Online Training? Sometimes, it's impossible to maintain a consistent schedule or to make it to our location in Las Vegas for classes. Our team at Odin's Halls Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness understands that life can be complicated, but that you and your child still deserve high-quality training , personalized workouts , and professional guidance .
 Our Online Training program gives your whole family the opportunity to take on new activities together, while getting the same accountability and results without having to step through our doors! If your life keeps you moving or has taken you elsewhere, this program is the perfect opportunity for you to get all the benefits of traditional martial arts training without the location or time restrictions.
 ##### Online Training can help your family: - Bond in a new way! - Enjoy physical fitness in the comfort of your own home - Take on new activities together! - Stay accountable week after week
 #### Get Started With Online Training at Odin's Halls Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness! No matter where life takes you, our Online Training program at Odin's Halls Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Fitness gives you all the tools you need to thrive. All you have to do is fill out the form on the side of this screen , and we will set you up with all the resources you need!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 - - -

 ## The Best BJJ Training In Centennial Hills Request information

 The Best! Our two sons joined Odin's Halls Kids Wolfpack, and in little over a month they have completely transformed! Their confidence, patience and physical ability have reached a whole new level. Coach Steve provides well-fitted, age appropriate instruction in a way that allows each child to feel coached, encouraged, and engaged. As parents, we've struggled to find a physical sport that brings out the best in our kids. None compare to the "whole picture benefit” like the art of Jiu-Jitsu. Coach Steve and the assistant instructors have incorporated their expertise and passion for the sport to develop a kids BJJ class that is fun, exciting, challenging and rewarding. We couldn't be happier to have such a positive outlet in the NW!!

 My daughter loves her classes and her coach. Steve is very patient with all of the kids and makes learning new skills fun, not like a chore. My daughter's behavior and sleep schedule has improved greatly since starting this class 3 weeks ago. I have been looking into many different avenues to help with her behavior and I think I have found the perfect one!

 Great facility to train BJJ. Awesome amount of mat space (which was very clean). Coach Steve is a great instructor, very detailed and pays attention everyone. The environment itself is also amazing the team there were very friendly as well. Defiantly would check this place out!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
