---
source_url: http://paganobjj.com/
final_url: https://paganobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.186Z
---

# Pagano BJJ Pagano BJJ Pagano BJJ Pagano BJJ Pagano BJJ

 Class Schedules & address
 Merch / Payment / Registration

 ## start your journey today While training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu you will not only gain the knowledge of a unique form of self-defense, you will develop healthier habits that will benefit you both mentally and physically.
 If you're looking for a life changing experience, Enlisted Nine is the school for you. We take pride in helping others reach their personal goals while building strong bonds and lasting memories.
 Our school is owned and operated by current first responders and military veterans, so we also take great pride in serving all those who serve us.

 ## Meet the MD co-owners and coaches #### Co-owner/Head Coach - Professor Mike Pagano Meet Professor Mike "The Bully"
 - Charles County Deputy Sheriff - Army Veteran - 2nd Degree Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt (under John Veloso Ouano) - Combatives Black Belt (under Matt Larsen) - Multiple organizations amateur MMA title holder in 2 different weight classes - Retired Professional MMA Fighter

 #### Co-Owner/Coach- Tara Pagano Meet coach Tara "The Tiny Terror"
 - National Registry Certified Emergency Medical Technician (NR EMT) - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu brown belt - 2023 PBJJF- Gold medalist - 2023 PBJJF Worlds (Black/Brown/Purple) - silver medalist - Multi-time Newbreed/AGF/US grappling/Grappling Industries- Gold medalist - 2019 Good Fight Worlds Tournament- Gold medal Champion - Multiple organizations amateur MMA title holder in 2 weight classes - Professional MMA Fighter- signed with Bellator

 ## Meet our assistant coaches #### Assistant BJJ Coach Chris "Stax" Brittingham #### Assistant BJJ Coach Chris "Stax" Brittingham #### Assistant BJJ Coach Chris "Stax" Brittingham

 #### Assistant BJJ Coach Jake Longoria #### Assistant BJJ Coach Chris "Stax" Brittingham #### Assistant BJJ Coach Chris "Stax" Brittingham

 #### Assistant MMA Coach Markus "Shaggy" Turner #### Assistant BJJ Coach Chris "Stax" Brittingham #### Assistant MMA Coach Markus "Shaggy" Turner

 ## Weekly Classes Address:
 Bryans Road Location: 3065 Marshall Hall Rd. Bryans Road, MD 20616
 LaPlata location: 140 Drury Dr. LaPlata, MD 20646

 ### Monday

 #### MMA/ NoGi Grappling With Strikes Event Details

 ### Monday

 #### MMA/ NoGi Grappling With Strikes - Adult and teen class 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm

 ### Tuesday

 #### Gi Jiu-Jitsu Classes (Bryans Road) Event Details

 ### Tuesday

 #### Gi Jiu-Jitsu Classes (Bryans Road) - Kids Class 6:30 pm -7:30 pm - Adult Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm - OPEN MAT 8:30 pm - 9:30 pm

 ### Thursday

 #### NO-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Classes (Bryans Road) Event Details

 ### Thursday

 #### NO-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Classes (Bryans Road) - Kids Class 6:30 pm -7:30 pm - Adult Class 7:30 pm - 8:30 pm - OPEN MAT 8:30 pm - 9:30 pm

 ### Friday

 #### No-Gi Foundations to Jiu-Jitsu Class (LaPlata) Event Details

 ### Friday

 #### No-Gi Foundations to Jiu-Jitsu Class (LaPlata) - No-Gi Foundations class 4:00 pm - 5:00 pm

 ### For Unlimited ONLY

 #### Event Details

 ### For Unlimited ONLY

 #### - Will be held at both Bryans Road and LaPlata locations. - Off hour training hours, will be notified with location and time (MMA, GI and NoGi) - Ab...

 Event Details

 ## Tuition ### Monthly Tuition

 #### 1 Class per week $100

 #### 2 Classes per week $150

 #### Unlimited classes $200

 NO CONTRACTS REQUIRED

 ## Links

 Click here for merch website Click here for VENMO payment link Click here for CASH APP payment link

 ## Registration/Waiver
 Pagano BJJ Registration-Liability Waiver (pdf)Download

 ## Social Media

 ## Online Testimonials #### *Anthony Campanale* #### *Anthony Campanale* #### *Anthony Campanale*
 "Learning Jiu-Jitsu with Mike and Tara Pagano has been freaking outstanding! The amount of knowledge from all the coaching staff is a sight to be hold. They push you to rise to your best. Once you are apart of this school, it becomes a family and I love being apart of this family!"

 #### *Chris* #### *Anthony Campanale* #### *Anthony Campanale*
 "Mike Pagano has been teaching Jiu-Jitsu in the area for several years. He's incredibly knowledgeable and is a great instructor whether he's teaching kids or adults. If you want to train Jiu-Jitsu, compete, get in shape, or learn self-defense, Mike and Tara are the people to see!"

 #### *Sean Shifu* #### *Mike & Heather Groves* #### *Mike & Heather Groves*
 "Coach Mike and Tara Pagano are the best. Their attention to basics and fundamentals will help you establish a solid foundation in BJJ all while making you feel welcome as a beginner. If you’re looking for BJJ in southern Maryland look no further than Pagano BJJ."

 #### *Mike & Heather Groves* #### *Mike & Heather Groves* #### *Mike & Heather Groves*
 "Mike and Tara provide elite level instruction whether it be Jiu Jitsu, Wrestling or MMA. When you train here you are not just another number, but you are truly part of the family and family is forever."

 ## Video Testimonial #### *John Flagg*

 ## Frequently asked questions
 How do I know if Jiu-Jitsu is for me? Come on in and try it! We offer 3 free classes, after those 3 classes, you are NOT obligated to stay (but we know you will want to!). If you really enjoy it, let us know how many classes you think you will attend per week and we will direct you to the appropriate monthly package. However, we do NOT hold our students to any contracts! We are strictly on a month to month basis.

 Should I be "in shape" before joining? ABSOLUTELY NOT! Jiu-jitsu is a perfect way to get yourself into better shape! You'll start enjoying that new healthier lifestyle, while learning great ways to defend yourself, if needed.

 What if I'm small or not that strong? That's NOT a problem at all! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a combative sport that was originally made for a smaller person to submit someone that's significantly bigger and stronger. We will teach you the techniques you will need to be successful. You'll surprise yourself as you grow on this new Jiu-Jitsu journey.

 What age can my kids start? There's really no set age, it really depends on each child. Typically, children tend to focus a little better and are able to mimic techniques around the age of 5. If you're unsure, bring them in for 3 trial classes to get a better idea.

 ## Contact Us #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Attach Files

 Attachments (0)

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 MTpaganoBJJ@gmail.com

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Reviews

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
