---
source_url: https://controljiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://controljiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.567Z
---

# Melbourne Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Control Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Master The Skills Of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu And Ground-Based Self-Defense Today!
 Join us here at Control Jiu-Jitsu and take on the best BJJ training in town. We're offering men and women across Melbourne the chance to learn full-gi grappling skills and challenge your body with heart-racing workouts that produce real results.
 It doesn't matter if you're a complete beginner, an experienced athlete, or somewhere in between. We help people of all skill levels master the world of ground-based self-defense and we can't wait for you to see it firsthand.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes today!
 ## What Can You Expect From Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program? We are committed to the highest quality in everything we do. From day one in our system, you'll see that we care deeply about your ability to learn, understand, and execute every aspect of effective ground-based self-defense.
 We aim to build you up one step at a time and we work hard to maintain a facility where egos and intimidation are never a factor. At Control Jiu-Jitsu, you'll be surrounded by professional coaches and an incredible support system who can quickly help you learn:
 - Standing strategies like speed, balance, and body control - Powerful takedowns from any position - Leverage and momentum as you work towards a submission - Professional holds, chokes, and locks to help you stay in control
 ## And Yeah, You've Never Seen A Workout Like This Before Some fitness programs are just boring - it's plain and simple. But in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program, you'll quickly see that challenging your body and taking on real results doesn't have to feel like a chore.
 At Control Jiu-Jitsu, we're here to meet you where you are and build your skills one step at a time. We're helping people of all backgrounds and fitness levels find success with a combination of controlled sparring sessions and high-energy partner drills.
 Join us here in Melbourne today and take on:
 - Functional strength and muscle toning - Sustainable fat burning and weight loss strategies - Motivation to train and give it your all week after week - Improved confidence in all aspects of your life
 ## Join Us In Melbourne Today For The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes Around! At Control Jiu-Jitsu we're helping people all across Melbourne find success and we can't wait for you to be next. Join us for professional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction and a supportive environment where you can feel welcomed from day one.
 Learn more today by simply filling out the short form on your screen!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 ## Request More Information

 ## Passionate people that know why they are training martial arts 🙏

 We're new not just to the gym but to Jiu-Jitsu as well. Our family of four (2 kids) has been welcomed so much not just by Wade and Kat but everyone. The atmosphere is so uplifting and people really want to see you succeed. Everyone is helpful and I'm grateful for such an awesome gym family to learn and grow with. The kids classes are wonderful; my kids non stop ask when class is. Everything is super clean. Can't say enough great things about this place and the people there!

 Control Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing place to train. Not only is it one of the best facilities out there, it’s family, friendships, and peace of mind 😊.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
