---
source_url: https://controljiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://controljiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.740Z
---

# Melbourne Kids Martial Arts Classes

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Control Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Build Your Child Up With The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In All Of Melbourne
 At Control Jiu-Jitsu we're working hard to help students all across Melbourne face life with confidence and build the skills they'll need to find success in all aspects of life.
 Our Kids Martial Arts program is built on the skills of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We offer professional instruction and a safe facility where every child can have fun and find success. We work with students of all experience levels.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 ## Why Is Our Kids Martial Arts Program Right For Your Child? We're going beyond the traditional teachings of martial arts to help students across Melbourne take on high-energy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes and challenge themselves with something new every single day.
 Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu training is offered in a full-gi setting where your child can start with the very basics of movement, balance, and body control. At Control Jiu-Jitsu, our classes are helping students take on effective Bully Prevention strategies and face life with more confidence than ever before.
 Come see us here in Melbourne today and treat your child to:
 - Fundamental strength and athleticism - Communication and conflict resolution strategies - Complete confidence in all aspects of life - Healthy habits of physical fitness
 ## Treat Your Child To Well-Rounded Skills For All Aspects Of Life We know how much our students love to run and jump and show off their new skills. We but also know that you're interested in a lot more than just physical fitness and athleticism for your child.
 You want them to be confident and respectful and disciplined and hard-working . And we're working hard every day to make that happen.
 At Control Jiu-Jitsu, our Kids Martial Arts program uses the world of Jiu-Jitsu as a vehicle for growth in all aspects of your child's life. We're treating students across our community to:
 - Respect for themselves and others - Perseverance and courage - Discipline in all aspects of life - An appreciation for the learning process
 ## Don't Miss Out On The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes Melbourne Has To Offer! If you're looking for an awesome way to challenge your child and help them have fun learning new skills, join us here at Control Jiu-Jitsu today. Our Kids Martial Arts classes are perfect for students all across Melbourne and we can't wait to show you why.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 ## Request More Information

 ## Passionate people that know why they are training martial arts 🙏

 We're new not just to the gym but to Jiu-Jitsu as well. Our family of four (2 kids) has been welcomed so much not just by Wade and Kat but everyone. The atmosphere is so uplifting and people really want to see you succeed. Everyone is helpful and I'm grateful for such an awesome gym family to learn and grow with. The kids classes are wonderful; my kids non stop ask when class is. Everything is super clean. Can't say enough great things about this place and the people there!

 Control Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing place to train. Not only is it one of the best facilities out there, it’s family, friendships, and peace of mind 😊.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
