---
source_url: https://controljiujitsu.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://controljiujitsu.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.917Z
---

# Melbourne Mixed Martial Arts Classes

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Control Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Take On The Best Blend Of Stand-Up Striking And Ground-Based Defense In Our Mixed Martial Arts Classes
 Training for real-world self-defense skills? Hoping to compete at the very highest levels? Maybe you're just looking for a way to stay active and challenge your body?
 Well, at Control Jiu-Jitsu, we're helping you do all of those things - and so much more.
 Our Mixed Martial Arts classes combine the best aspects of stand-up striking, ground grappling, and everything in between. We'll help you learn this dynamic sport one step at a time and we'll help you have a great time in the process.
 Join us here in West Melbourne today or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 ## What Makes Our MMA Classes So Special? This incredible self-defense discipline caught fire about a decade ago and to this day, everyday men and women are still hoping to learn the skills and see if they can handle it. But the truth is, Mixed Martial Arts training can be complicated. It's a sport that combines body control and timing and athleticism. It's fast-paced and it can be intimidating.
 So at Control Jiu-Jitsu, we're working hard to make it simpler than ever before.
 Our MMA classes teach you how to overcome an opponent one step at a time. We offer a supportive environment where you can challenge yourself and feel great about your accomplishments.
 We're giving Melbourne the chance to take on:
 - Lightning-quick strikes from any position - Throws and takedowns to get your opponent on the ground - Grappling and ground control strategies to help you maintain momentum - Professional locks, holds, and submission strategies to help you stay safe
 ## And Don't Forget: We're Here To Work Every Muscle In Your Body A successful MMA strategy requires total-body strength and athleticism. So that's exactly what we're helping you achieve. Our Mixed Martial Arts classes combine everything from speed and agility work to strength training , endurance exercises , and incredible self-confidence.
 At Control Jiu-Jitsu, it doesn't matter to us what kind of shape you're in. We're here to help you take steps forward every single day on the path to:
 - Total-body muscle toning - Functional strength gains - Incredible speed, agility, and athleticism - Sustainable fat burning strategies
 ## Get Started Today With The Best Mixed Martial Arts Classes In Melbourne! If you're looking for a new challenge, look no further. Our Mixed Martial Arts classes here at Control Jiu-Jitsu are the perfect way for people across Melbourne the stay challenged and see results.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 ## Request More Information

 ## Passionate people that know why they are training martial arts 🙏

 We're new not just to the gym but to Jiu-Jitsu as well. Our family of four (2 kids) has been welcomed so much not just by Wade and Kat but everyone. The atmosphere is so uplifting and people really want to see you succeed. Everyone is helpful and I'm grateful for such an awesome gym family to learn and grow with. The kids classes are wonderful; my kids non stop ask when class is. Everything is super clean. Can't say enough great things about this place and the people there!

 Control Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing place to train. Not only is it one of the best facilities out there, it’s family, friendships, and peace of mind 😊.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
