---
source_url: https://controljiujitsu.com
final_url: https://controljiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:10.355Z
---

# The Best Martial Arts Training Melbourne Has To Offer Kids Martial Arts | MMA | BJJ | Fitness Classes

 Kids Martial Arts
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Mixed Martial Arts

 ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Control Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Go to Content

 ## Testimonials See what people are saying about Control Jiu-Jitsu

 #### See More Reviews Facebook Reviews
 ## Services Learn About the Services Control Jiu-Jitsu Offer

 #### Professional Instruction Led by Black Belt fighters Wade Rome and Leonarda Itaborhay, our training gives you access to the highest-quality instruction in town. We approach each discipline with a step-by-step plan and help you build your skills with a sustainable approach.

 #### Cutting-Edge Facilities We are proud to share a facility with the team at Control Results where we can give our students access to 8,000 square feet of space, including 4,500 feet of mat space and a designated striking area. We're giving you every resource you need to succeed.

 #### Safe & Supportive At Control Jiu-Jitsu, you'll never have to worry about egos and intimidation. You'll never have to feel in over your head. We're surrounding you with support from day one and giving you the chance to feel great about yourself each and every time you train.

 #### All Experience Levels In our system, it doesn't matter if you're a professional fighter or a complete beginner. We're working hard to meet the needs of every person who walks through our doors. Our classes set you up for success from day one and help you enjoy sustainable results in no time.

 View Our Programs
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Control Jiu-Jitsu
 At Control Jiu-Jitsu, we're offering comprehensive martial arts training that is setting men, women, and children up for success in all aspects of life. Our training includes high-energy BJJ and Mixed Martial Arts classes in addition to a total-body fitness program and an incredible Kids Martial Arts program.
 View Our Programs

 Our goal to help people of all backgrounds and skill levels find success. We offer professional instruction and a safe, supportive environment where you can have a great time challenging your body and enjoy real, long-lasting results. Come see us here in Melbourne today or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## BLOG Information on Wellness, Fitness, Nutrition, Training and more.

 See More

 ## Request More Information

 ## Passionate people that know why they are training martial arts 🙏

 We're new not just to the gym but to Jiu-Jitsu as well. Our family of four (2 kids) has been welcomed so much not just by Wade and Kat but everyone. The atmosphere is so uplifting and people really want to see you succeed. Everyone is helpful and I'm grateful for such an awesome gym family to learn and grow with. The kids classes are wonderful; my kids non stop ask when class is. Everything is super clean. Can't say enough great things about this place and the people there!

 Control Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing place to train. Not only is it one of the best facilities out there, it’s family, friendships, and peace of mind 😊.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
