---
source_url: https://jiujitsufortworth.com/jiu-jitsu-for-adult/
final_url: https://jiujitsufortworth.com/jiu-jitsu-for-adult/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:33.819Z
---

Skip to the content - Call us now 817-805-9122

 - - -

 Search

 START NOW

 # adultJiu-Jitsu
 ### Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu makes you FITTER STRONGER SAFER BETTER

 You don’t have to be a World Champion to deserve World Championship quality and technique.
 Develop your foundation of movement and techniques to learn how to protect yourself.
 Feel stronger, more confident, and accomplished from pushing yourself with your team.
 You will build long-lasting friendships that will help you throughout your journey.
 Jiu-Jitsu will teach you the art of self-defense, develop strength, and endurance, improve mobility, and discover an empowering new way of moving and using your body. In addition, you will develop a fundamental connection with your body and mind by learning Jiu-Jitsu techniques.
 Choose the best option for you.

 ## Jiu-Jitsu Beginners
 For those who want to start the journey of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu but don’t know how or are intimidated to try it, this class will make you feel right at home.
 Our Beginners Jiu-Jitsu Program consists of 8-12 weeks of classes to teach you the basics of the BJJ and prepare you to start your journey with a solid fundament in a safe environment.

 Click here to read more about our Beginners' Program

 ## Jiu-jitsu All levels
 Classes combines fundamentals and advanced techniques, with specific variations for each level / belt.
 With this program, students will be able to improve their overall jiu-jitsu knowledge, improve their movement and coordination, and receive an introduction to more advanced jiu jitsu techniques.
 All students – from white belt to black belt – are encouraged to participate in this program.

 Start now

 ## Jiu-Jitsu No Gi
 No-Gi is a variation of Jiu-Jitsu without the “Gi” or “Kimono”. It became increasingly popular as a product of submission wrestling and mixed martial arts competitions. This class is designed to push experienced practitioners on a more physical level, and it gives them a different perspective on how to apply techniques effectively when not given as many options for holds. Normal attire for this class is similar to that of surfing with board shorts and a rash guard being the most popular option. Benefits of this class: - Build mental toughness and tenacity - Improve your cardiovascular endurance - Improve your timing and mobility - Improve your competition skills - Relieve stress

 ## Private Lessons
 One-on-one Jiu-Jitsu instruction for all levels of Jiu-Jitsu. These are 1 on 1 sessions that allow the instructor to optimize the learning process for each individual according to their needs.

 ## Law Enforcement Program
 Our Law enforcement Program was developed especially for first responders. Click here for more information

 Try one free class today!
 We invite you to join us for a free class. Please fill out the form below:

 ## FAMILY

 ## RESPECT

 ## LOYALTY

 ## DISCIPLINE

 ## ATTITUDE

 ## HONOR

 Team Marra is a Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu affiliate in Fort Worth, Texas. Two brands under the same values.

 #### Contact Us
 Six Blades Jiu-jitsu Fort Worth
 +1(817) 805 – 9122
 teammarrabjj@gmail.com
 6060 Southwest Blvd, Fort Worth, TX. 76109

 Facebook-f Instagram Youtube

 #### Navigation
 - Kids Jiu-Jitsu - Adult Jiu-jitsu - Schedule - Drop-in

 - About - Instructors - Reviews - Contact us

 COPYRIGHT © 2020 | WEBSITE DEVELOPED BY RAISINGWEB | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | PRIVACY POLICY
