---
source_url: https://jiujitsufortworth.com/about-us/six-blades-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://jiujitsufortworth.com/about-us/six-blades-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:34.543Z
---

Skip to the content - Call us now 817-805-9122

 - - -

 Search

 START NOW

 ### Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Association
 We are proud to be part of Six Blades jiu-jitsu Association. Under Xande Ribeiro, Six Blades Association was born in 2020 as one of the most promising jiu-jitsu teams. A perfect blend of tradition, high level jiu-jitsu, and strong values, that is the true expression of what martial arts means.
 Our values are expressed in the Six blades: Family, Respect, Loyalty, Discipline, Attitude, and Honor. These core values are our base inside and outside the mat.
 As athlete Xande Ribeiro needs no introduction. World-renown champion and IBJJF hall of famer, he earned numerous grappling titles, including IBJJF and ADCC World Champion, while earning also the # 1 rank in BJJ Heroes ’Top BJJ Competitors of All Time list, up until 2020. ( Read more here).
 Now he brought all that experience and tradition together to found an Association focused on students growth . Our goal is guide students to reach their full potential. With hand-selected instructors, we are a family business in a network with a lot of academies worldwide. Do you know what it means? It means that we are connected with a strong community that supports us.
 In 2018 our head coach Leonel Marra was in a sabbatical year with his family, and has driven through 29 American States and crossed Canada from Pacific to Atlantic. During this period, he visited almost 30 jiu-jitsu schools and could feel the importance to belong to something bigger , sharing a little bit of this feeling and Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle through the video below.
 We hope to have you in the family too!

 You can get more information about Six Blades Jiu-jitsu Association here .

 ### Try one free class today!
 We invite you to join us for a free class. Please fill out the form below and we will contact you as soon as possible.

 ## FAMILY

 ## RESPECT

 ## LOYALTY

 ## DISCIPLINE

 ## ATTITUDE

 ## HONOR

 Team Marra is a Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu affiliate in Fort Worth, Texas. Two brands under the same values.

 #### Contact Us
 Six Blades Jiu-jitsu Fort Worth
 +1(817) 805 – 9122
 teammarrabjj@gmail.com
 6060 Southwest Blvd, Fort Worth, TX. 76109

 Facebook-f Instagram Youtube

 #### Navigation
 - Kids Jiu-Jitsu - Adult Jiu-jitsu - Schedule - Drop-in

 - About - Instructors - Reviews - Contact us

 COPYRIGHT © 2020 | WEBSITE DEVELOPED BY RAISINGWEB | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | PRIVACY POLICY
