---
source_url: https://7starma.com
final_url: https://7starma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:06:50.466Z
---

# Best Martial Art School in Round Rock to Build Discipline and Leadership
 If you’re looking for the best Martial Arts School in Round Rock, then Look no further. Download our starter kit today to get access to our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 Book Free Trial100% Risk-Free
 Download Starter Kit Access Pricing & Schedule

 # Your achievement is our mission.

 ## 52 Reviews
 ## from families and students like you... and counting

 ## 4.9 out of 5
 ## Average Customer Satisfaction Rating

 0

 ## students trained!

 I want to give a HUGE shout out for Seven Star Martial Arts (SSMA) in Round Rock. In addition to physical fitness, my daughter has also been learning discipline, integrity, respect, team work, and more. Personally, I have dropped 2 dress sizes, have more strength…

 Jayne G. | Mom

 My son has been a part of Seven Star Martial Arts since he was 3 years old. We couldn’t be happier with Seven Star and their instructors. It has been a great experience that we both share together, plus we are staying active and learning important self-defense skill.

 Shari H. | Mom

 My son (4 years old) loves it, and he talks to us about the important concepts he learns like patience and focus. Jeff is simply amazing with the kids, and they adore him.

 Megan L. | Mom

 ## Why Choose Seven Star Martial Arts School in Round Rock?
 Whether you’re focused on fitness, self-improvement, or self-defense, Seven Star Martial Arts in Round Rock is your destination. At Seven Star we believe martial arts is not just for fitness but rather a skill that can unite the Round Rock community.
 Join our martial arts school and you will quickly gain essential self-defense skills, followed by invigorating workouts and personal growth. Join our Round Rock martial arts school now for a transformative journey. Experience the power of martial arts within our inclusive and vibrant community.

 - High Quality Values - Through our martial arts program we help students acquire greater self-esteem, self-control, respect and humility. - Personal Developement - You will be taught and encouraged by our professional trainers while moving at your own pace. - Accessible & Enjoyable - we offer programs accessible & enjoyable by people of any ages.

 ## Train with the best
 ## OUR Programs THAT ROUND ROCK LOVE

 ## Lil' Dragons Classes This class focuses on the fundamentals of exercise, basic martial art techniques, how to handle life issues appropriate for this age group, and, of course, fun!
 LEARN MORE

 ## Kids Martial Arts Classes This class focuses on exercises designed to take you to the athlete level, martial art techniques that lead you on the path to black belt, and how to set realistic goals appropriate for your age.
 LEARN MORE

 ## Teen/Adult Martial Arts Classes This class focuses on fitness and realistic self defense techniques tested through the ages and used in actual combat. The sense of camaraderie you build makes you a part of the kung fu family right away!
 LEARN MORE

 ## How to get started
 Like what you see so far? Here is how you can get more information about our programs, pricing, schedules, as well as how to get started.

 1

 Download our free starter kit
 Download and get access to our starter kit. Get detail scoop about our martial art school, get details about our classes, pricing, schedules, and tour of our campus. Plus get access to exclusive online promotions!

 2

 Join us on an assessment class

 Come join us for an assessment class. Our instructor will work with you or your kids to figure out which program will help you reach your goal.

 3

 Sign up for one of our programs
 If you love what we have to offer, and think we can help you or your child achieve your goals, let us know and we will enroll you into the program that fits you best.

 Request InfoAccess Pricing, Schedules & Promos

 ## Meet our instructors
 Sifu Jeff Remster

 Sihing Mason Lucas began training with us at the age of 3 years old. Having trained his entire life int he martial arts, he now helps pass this information on to the next generation!​

 JowGow Scott Mcdonald

 Jow Gow Scott McDonald is amazing with both kids and adults alike. He trains hard and passes his knowledge to those around him

 JowGow Chris Salguero

 Chris is a scholar of the arts and pours himself fully into his craft. Working with the black belt class and running the Seven Star “hard core” group, he sets higher and higher standards for the school.

 SiHing Mason Lucas

 Sihing Mason Lucas began training with us at the age of 3 years old. Having trained his entire life int he martial arts, he now helps pass this information on to the next generation!

 SiHing Kyle Smith

 Sihing Kyle Smith is one of our newest black belts but was training in the martial arts long before joining the 7 Star family. He is a great addition to our team!

 Mr. John Garcia

 Mr. John Garcia and his family have been a part of the 7 star family for many years. John started training to help his daughter and then began training to further his own understanding. He now uses that knowledge to train others!

 ## Why the Pasadena Community Seven Star Martial Arts
 Jayne Gracia recommends Seven Star Martial Arts

 via Google

 I want to give a HUGE shout out for Seven Star Martial Arts (SSMA) in Round Rock. Our daughter (8 years old) has been a student there almost 5 years and in the last few months my husband & I have joined as well. As a family, we are enjoying the benefits of physical activity, friendships and community. In addition to physical fitness, my daughter has also been learning discipline, integrity, respect, team work, and more. Personally, I have dropped 2 dress sizes, have more strength, more stamina, and more energy since joining less than 6 months ago. We have made new friends who share similar goals & interests. Not only is SSMA a family oriented organization but they also give back to the community. This last October, 100% of the proceeds from their haunted house went to a local charity. We are very proud to be part of the SSMA family!

 Crystal Charisse recommends Seven Star Martial Arts

 via Google

 7 Star is exceptional training for all ages. We have been virtual since March and the instructors have been just as engaged and precise as they are with kids in class.

 Marisol Corbit recommends Seven Star Martial Arts

 via Google

 This place is great for teaching discipline, as well as a source of learning, exercise and FUN! I’m so glad my son is a part of Seven Star Martial Arts!

 Michelle Moline recommends Seven Star Martial Arts

 via Google

 We were looking for an after school activity for our son that offers socialization and structure and since my husband has martial arts experience, he thought an activity like this would be perfect. After some research, including Facebook reviews and recommendations, I found Seven Star Martial Arts and thought why not. I was a bit skeptical however on how he’d relate to the instructors, not to mention the class. We were pleasantly surprised how our son’s energy and enthusiasm was matched by Jeff, as well as how patient he was with him. He also seemed to get along really well with the other kids. After his 1st class, he came home excited about the next one. Looking forward to more.

 Megan Lacy recommends Seven Star Martial Arts

 via Google

 We were introduced to Seven Star through Bluebonnet School of Cedar Park, where they offer classes. My son (4 years old) loves it, and he talks to us about the important concepts he learns like patience and focus. Jeff is simply amazing with the kids, and they adore him. My son was having so much fun with it, I decided to try classes (currently being offered via zoom due to the pandemic), and I love it too! All of the instructors I have worked with are fantastic, and they make really tough workouts enjoyable while patiently working through the forms. I highly recommend them for adults and kids!

 Jimmy Dawson recommends Seven Star Martial Arts

 via Google

 The instructor s are fantastic with the kids. The balance of discipline and fun is perfect. Really glad we enrolled our daughter

 ## Got questions? We got answers
 What makes your school stand out among other Martial Arts Schools in Round Rock?
 Seven Star Martial Arts stands out in Round Rock for its personalized approach, experienced instructors, and a wide range of martial arts disciplines. Our focus on individual growth and community spirit sets us apart from other Martial Arts Schools in the area.

 Why choose Seven Star Martial Arts as your Karate School in Round Rock?
 Choose Seven Star Martial Arts as your Karate School in Round Rock for our expert instructors, state-of-the-art facilities, and a curriculum that balances traditional techniques with modern training methods. Our dedication to each student’s growth makes us the preferred Karate School in the area.

 What makes your Kung Fu School unique in Round Rock?
 Our Kung Fu School in Round Rock offers a unique experience with an emphasis on traditional Kung Fu, personalized training, and a deep understanding of martial arts philosophy. We ensure a unique and authentic Kung Fu learning experience.

 Can your martial arts school help boost confidence and coordination skills?
 Absolutely, our martial arts school is designed to boost not only confidence and coordination skills but also physical fitness and mental discipline, making it an ideal choice for personal development.

 Is there a trial period available for new students to experience Seven Star Martial Arts's martial arts programs?
 Yes, Seven Star Martial Arts offers a trial period for new students. This allows you to experience our martial arts programs firsthand and decide if we are the right fit for you.

 Is your martial arts school fun?
 Absolutely! Our martial arts school focuses on making learning fun and engaging for students of all ages, ensuring an enjoyable and rewarding experience.

 What do I need to know before I start Classes?
 Before starting classes at Seven Star Martial Arts, you should know that we welcome students of all levels and provide all the necessary guidance and support for beginners.

 What sets your Self-defense School Apart?
 Our Self-defense School in Round Rock is set apart by our comprehensive curriculum that combines practical self-defense techniques with physical fitness and mental resilience. We cater to all ages and skill levels, making us a top choice for self-defense training.

 What makes your Taekwondo school unique in Round Rock?
 Our Taekwondo school in Round Rock is unique due to our certified instructors, engaging classes, and commitment to fostering discipline and respect. We offer a unique blend of traditional Taekwondo and contemporary training techniques.

 Which programs does Seven Star Martial Arts offer?
 Seven Star Martial Arts offers a variety of programs including Karate, Taekwondo, Kung Fu, and Self-defense classes. Each program is tailored to fit different age groups and skill levels, providing a comprehensive martial arts experience.

 Are there different intensity levels for adults in your martial arts school?
 Yes, our martial arts school offers different intensity levels for adults, ensuring that everyone from beginners to advanced practitioners can train at a pace that suits them best.

 My child isn't athletic. Can he/she still participate in martial arts?
 Certainly! Our martial arts school welcomes children of all athletic abilities. We focus on individual growth, ensuring every child can participate and benefit from martial arts training.

 Can martial arts cause injury?
 Like any physical activity, martial arts has a risk of injury. However, our martial arts school prioritizes safety with expert supervision and proper training techniques to minimize this risk.

 Is your martial arts school violent?
 Our martial arts school is not violent. We emphasize respect, discipline, and self-control, teaching martial arts as a form of self-defense and personal development.

 What do I wear for my Class?
 For your class at Seven Star Martial Arts, you should wear comfortable athletic clothing or a martial arts uniform, which we can provide information on how to obtain.

 What specific martial arts disciplines are offered at your martial arts gym?
 At Seven Star Martial Arts, we offer disciplines such as Karate, Taekwondo, Kung Fu, and Self-defense, each taught by experienced and certified instructors.

 ## More Confidence. More Focus. Shed Weight Download Our Free Starter Kit Today.
 Download and get access to our starter kit which includes details on our program, which program is right for you or your kids, pricing, schedules, tour of our campus, and special promotions.

 Request more infoGet Started Today.
