---
source_url: https://tkdarmor.com/family-martial-arts-classes-north-richland-hills/
final_url: https://tkdarmor.com/family-martial-arts-classes-north-richland-hills/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:29.042Z
---

- 8245 Precinct Line Road, Suite 210, North Richland Hills, TX 76182 - 817-581-8888

 Menu

 # North Richland Hills Family Martial Arts Classes, Now Accepting New Students!
 ## Get 2 Life-Changing Family Martial Arts Classes in North Richland Hills... COMPLETELY FREE!
 “So fun it’s addicting!” In-person classes are now available for our amazing family martial arts program here in North Richland Hills! Create memories while developing valuable skills. Plus, it’s so much fun!

 Everything included:

 Free Trial Class

 Experienced Instructors

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your Class pass today!
 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from TKD Armor Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .
 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## The Perfect Family activity that combines structure, exercise and fun!
 Families bond over shared challenges, fun activities and games, and deep life lessons. Martial arts isn’t just powerful self-defense or an amazing workout. It’s a way of life.
 That’s what makes our North Richland Hills family martial arts classes so powerful.

 ## Powerful Self-Defense Keeps You Safe.
 It’s not just a workout — it’s a life-saving skill. Learn how to protect yourself and your loved ones, even if an attacker is bigger and stronger than you, especially in these uncertain times.
 Families all over North Richland Hills turn to us for their self-defense training.

 ## No Experience Required!
 Never thrown a kick in your life? Or a punch? No problem. Most of our members here in North Richland Hills started out just like you. And like them, before you know it, you’ll look & feel like a pro.

 ### Get 2 Life-Changing Family Martial Arts Classes in North Richland Hills... COMPLETELY FREE!
 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY Class PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "Wonderful instruction and a great group of people in the family/adult class. Highly recommended."

 " We love TKD Armor Academy! My son has loved coming for almost two years. They emphasize discipline, technique, and community. Highly recommend!"

 "My son and daughter have been attending TKD for over 6 months now and our experience has been great. They have gained that and much more, like confidence, teamwork and self control. "

 "I have seen a huge improvement in his confidence and discipline since starting lessons here 7 months ago. We are very happy being members of TKD and I would highly recommend them."

 "They have provided wonderful examples of self control and respect for my two kids to model after, and have really helped them build self confidence while gaining self defense skills and exercise. "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident in standing up to bullies and show more humility and kindness towards others through their martial arts lessons.

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our North Richland Hills martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point, though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to a black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgment on students for how long it takes. What we can tell you is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self-defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for a black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment, and self-discipline, lead to lifelong success.
 You will find that your instructors at TKD Armor Academy North Richland Hills are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited-time offer. The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us. We would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our North Richland Hills martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes that you can do sports in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt.
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find TKD Armor Academy in North Richland Hills has martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. We are sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your Class pass today!
 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from TKD Armor Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .
 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
