---
source_url: https://tkdarmor.com/adult-bjj-classes-north-richland-hills/
final_url: https://tkdarmor.com/adult-bjj-classes-north-richland-hills/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:29.716Z
---

- 8245 Precinct Line Road, Suite 210, North Richland Hills, TX 76182 - 817-581-8888

 Menu

 # Now Accepting New Students! Amazing Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in North Richland Hills.
 ## Get 2 Life-Changing Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in North Richland Hills... COMPLETELY FREE!
 “So fun it’s addicting!” Our amazing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is offering classes here in North Richland Hills! Burn fat & build lean muscle, fast. Plus it’s so much fun!

 Everything included:

 Free Trial Class

 Experienced Instructors

 - 8245 Precinct Line Road, Suite 210, North Richland Hills, TX 76182

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your Class pass today!
 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from TKD Armor Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## Powerful Self-Defense Keeps You Safe.
 It’s not just a workout — it’s a life-saving skill. Learn how to protect yourself and your loved ones, even if an attacker is bigger and stronger than you.
 People all over North Richland Hills turn to us for their self-defense training.

 ## Amaze Yourself With What You Can Accomplish.
 You can achieve so much more than you think. In Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, you will prove that to yourself. When you do, you’ll see that the sky is the limit. That’s what so many people in North Richland Hills are finding out!

 ## Burn Fat. Build Lean Muscle. Fast.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu will work your body in totally new ways. You’ll build muscles you never even knew you had.
 That’s what makes our North Richland Hills Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program so powerful, you see RESULTS!

 ### Get 2 Life-Changing Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in North Richland Hills... COMPLETELY FREE!
 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY Class PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "The instructors are very friendly and helpful. I saw a huge increase in confidence and discipline after going here."

 "Everything I learned has set a foundation for a future of excellence. There is no better place to learn so many essential life skills and gain impactful achievements. "

 "TKD Armor is a great place to experience martial arts. Master Rana's experience and thoughtfulness is evident as he works well with all age groups and rank levels, and instructor Sanji is skilled practitioner."

 "Excellent gym with great coaching, friendly atmosphere and strong sense of community. Classes are well-structured, with a good balance of technique, drilling, and live rolling. The gym is always clean and well-maintained."

 "The management here is some of the greatest quality I have ever seen and the instructors can talk about any problems/questions you have. I would really recommend them if you are trying to learn great self defense and get a workout! "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 Most frequent questions and answers about our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program

 I hate doing gym workouts, I find them boring. Will this be similar?
 Definitely not! You will get fit, you will burn off unwanted calories, and you will find it an awesome stress relief. But BORING, it is NOT!
 The variety, challenge, and the feeling of accomplishment when you master a self-defense skill or technique are why students love our North Richland Hills adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at TKD Armor Academy.
 But we find it’s the friendships and fun that keep students coming back. It’s like their second family. Why not find out for yourself? Book in for our limited-time offer on this page!

 I’m not very sporty or co-ordinated. Will that be a problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our North Richland Hills martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point, though? A fun workout that gets results!

 I have no experience, what do I do?
 All of our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are open to all skill levels, beginner through advanced. We focus on the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, which are simply the most effective parts of the art. We also do a lot of specific drilling and training, which teaches you how to apply techniques and movements during a “live” round.

 How long until I get a black belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to a black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgment on students for how long it takes. What we can tell you is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self-defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for a black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment, and self-discipline, lead to lifelong success.
 You will find that your instructors at TKD Armor Academy North Richland Hills are dedicated to helping you on your journey to a black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We only have a certain amount of space in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training area. Take advantage of our limited-time offer. The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us. We would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our North Richland Hills Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 Can women do Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Absolutely! Women really find that the benefits of doing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is that they learn to protect themselves against a bigger, stronger opponent. Something they never thought was possible. We think ALL women should know how to protect themselves, especially on the ground!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your Class pass today!
 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from TKD Armor Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .
 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
