---
source_url: https://bayoujiujitsu.us
final_url: https://bayoujiujitsu.us/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:41.411Z
---

X
 ## Try It Out - FREE!!! Reach out to us for a FREE CLASS to experience Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. There is absolutely no charge, no need to buy gear, and no pressure to join us. Experience our friendly atmosphere and see why we're the top Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Louisiana!
 Get a Free Class
 ## Contact Info - Baton Rouge & Central - 225-505-8500 - Email Us

 - - -

 # Jiu Jitsu & Self Defense in Baton Rouge & Central Welcome to Bayou Jiu Jitsu in Baton Rouge and Central, Louisiana! We offer kids and adult Jiu Jitsu classes taught by friendly Black Belt instructors in a clean, fun, positive environment.
 GET EXPERT TRAINING FOR: Jiu Jitsu, Judo, Wrestling, MMA, and Self Defense. All skill levels welcome!
 If you're looking to learn martial arts, improve your personal fitness, build self-confidence, or learn self-defense skills , you've found the cleanest and best staffed martial arts center in the area!

 Classes
 #### Kids BJJ Classes Our kids program (4-12) years old is jam packed with classes. Kids learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Judo, Wrestling, Self-Defense, and practical techniques for Bully Prevention!
 Kids Classes

 #### Adult BJJ Classes Adults will learn and train with a multiple-time IBJJF champion Black Belt. Adults will learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Judo, MMA skills, Wrestling, Grappling, Self-Defense martial arts skills!
 Adult Classes

 #### Self Defense Learn practical, real-life self-defense skills using Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Judo techniques. Become prepared to protect yourself and your family from common everyday physical threats.
 Self Defense

 Try Us Out
 ## Free Class >>
 Bayou Jiu-Jitsu Academy's provides students with expert instruction, guidance, and support to enable the student to achieve their goals. Bayou Jiu-Jitsu & Self-Defense is led by a Gracie Black Belt under Master Ralph Gracie. Get expert lessons in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Self-Defense, Judo, MMA, Wrestling, and Bully Prevention .
 (If you don't get a form mail response within 1 hour, please call or text 225-505-8500 )

 GET IN TOUCH

 History of Gracie Jiu Jitsu
 ## What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art style built on grappling, ground fighting, and submission holds.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) style of self-defense focuses on taking an adversary to the ground, gaining a dominant position, and applying various techniques to achieve submission. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu style is based on Japanese jiu-jitsu. In 1925, The Brazilian Gracie family created their own version which came to be known as Gracie Jiu-Jitsu. Bayou Jiu Jitsu owner Professor Kevin Bellard is a Black Belt under Ralph Gracie.
 Start learning at any age! Virtually any physically active person, of any age, can safely learn BJJ. BJJ techniques utilize deliberate moves and holds, not kicks, punches, or strikes. Because of its effectiveness it is popular for personal self-defense and as a tool for competitive MMA fighting. Want to learn more? Call or text us at 225-505-8500

 Student Comments
 ## Reviews & Ratings
 Student
 #### Logan Seals Professor Peygan and Coach Sydney do awesome with the kids! Somehow they keep them all focused on learning jiu jitsu and always incorporate some game that keeps them wanting to come back for more. Facilities are top notch. The mats are spacious and they keep them clean.

 Student
 #### Candice McDaniel My husband, myself, and my oldest daughter all train here. We have trained at other gyms before, and this is by far one of the best atmospheres we have found. Professor Kevin is an excellent teacher and knows his Jiu Jitsu very well. It has been very good for our health, and taught our daughter some very important values. We couldn't imagine training anywhere else!

 Student
 #### Jimmy Duncan I referred a friend to Bayou Jiu Jitsu for self defense lessons. They have a great reputation for personalized lessons and pacing classes to fit each students. Owner Kevin Bellard was trained by the Gracie family so what you're taught is only one degree away from the expert training of Jiu Jitsu legend Ralph Gracie.

 Student
 #### Ben Ross My son and I have both been training at Bayou Jiu Jitsu for years. Professor Kevin is a great teacher and hosts a great family atmosphere while providing intense training and professional instruction. Great discipline, exercise, and a serious mental game. We love it.

 Previous Next
 - - - -

 ### We Won! Voted a 2023 Family Favorite! Bayou Jiu-Jitsu has been awarded Reader's Choice for Best Martial Arts Academy in the 2023 Baton Rouge Parents Magazine Family Favorites Contest!
 Thank you to all of our instructors and especially our students for helping to make our gym the best in town! Get a free class and see what makes our gym so great.

 - Baton Rouge9681 Airline Hwy, Baton Rouge 70815 - Central14455 Wax Road, Central 70818 - Phone225-505-8500
