---
source_url: http://invictusmartialarts.com/bjj-program
final_url: https://www.invictusmartialarts.com/bjj-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:11.699Z
---

## InvictusBrazilian Jiu-Jitsu ### Discover The Fun And Effectiveness of Invictus Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Register for your Free Week - Here!
 Register for your Free Week - Here!

 ## Invictus Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 #### More than just a martial arts academy. We're a community dedicated to empowering individuals through the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu And Muay-Thai. Whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, our academy offers a welcoming environment for you to learn, grow, and achieve your goals.

 ## Do You Struggle In Any Of These Areas?

 - Problems Sticking with a Workout Routine or Gym?

 - Low energy or Poor Health?

 - finding Positive friends and Making New relationships?

 - Unmanaged Stress, Anxiety or Depression?

 - Wanting to Be able to defend yourself and your family?

 - Low Confidence in Social Situations?

 ### Taking the step into Invictus Martial Arts Could Change Your Life

 ## How Is Invictus Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Different?

 Invictus Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, or “ American Jiu-Jitsu” as we prefer to call it in the academy, is a blend of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, catch wrestling, and folk-style wrestling. Our focus is not on pulling guard and trendy techniques but rather on getting on top and staying on top.
 While we do teach a lot of guard and bottom techniques it is our philosophy in the academy that ground fighting should foremost be trained for self-defense and MMA application not sport BJJ.
 Classes are 1-hour long followed by a 30-minute free roll session.

 Start Training Today
 Start Training Today

 ## Why Train Jiu-Jitsu?

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is more than just a martial art – it's a way of life. Through BJJ, you'll develop invaluable skills that extend far beyond the mats: - Self-Defense: Learn practical techniques to defend yourself in real-life situations, regardless of your size or strength. - Physical Fitness: Get in the best shape of your life while having fun and learning new skills. BJJ improves strength, flexibility, endurance, and overall cardiovascular health. - Mental Toughness: BJJ teaches you to stay calm under pressure, overcome challenges, and develop a resilient mindset both on and off the mats. - Confidence and Discipline: As you progress in your BJJ journey, you'll gain confidence in your abilities and develop the discipline to tackle any obstacle that comes your way. - Community and Camaraderie: Join a supportive community of like-minded individuals who share your passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Build lifelong friendships and surround yourself with positive influences.

 ## Invictus Values

 ### At our academy, we're not just teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu; we're fostering a culture built on core values that define who we are and how we approach our training: - Respect: Respect for oneself, fellow practitioners, instructors, and the art itself is paramount in our academy. We create a welcoming environment where everyone is treated with dignity and respect. - Discipline: BJJ requires dedication, perseverance, and consistency. We instill discipline in our students, helping them develop habits that lead to long-term success both on and off the mats. - Humility: In BJJ, there's always something new to learn, regardless of rank or experience. We embrace humility, understanding that true growth comes from a willingness to learn from others and remain open-minded. - Integrity: We uphold the highest standards of integrity, honesty, and sportsmanship in our training and interactions. We believe in doing the right thing to help our teammates and students be successful. - Continuous Improvement: BJJ is a journey of constant growth and refinement. We encourage our students to embrace the process, set goals, and strive for continuous improvement in all aspects of their lives.

 ### Member Testimonials:

 Learn What Others Have Said About Our Academy Here!
 Learn What Others Have Said About Our Academy Here!

 ## Questions about our Programs? Ask Here!
