---
source_url: http://www.lavianobjj.com/
final_url: https://lavianobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:06.982Z
---

- info@lavianobjj.com - 229-256-4404

 Menu

 # Best Martial Arts School in Albany
 "An amazing experience." We transform kids into leaders full of discipline and focus. We help adults get fit and safe, fast. And we do it with FUN classes, amazing community, and action-packed martial arts. Try us risk-free today. Start your journey to a better you with the best martial arts training in Albany.

 Our Albany members see results fast. You’ll see the difference in as little as 1 week.

 ## LIMITED TIME OFFER See This Month's Amazing Deal Before It's Gone

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Warriors Jiu Jitsu (Ages 3 & 4) Jiu-Jitsu Kids Smalls (Ages 5-7) Jiu-Jitsu Kids Juniors (Ages 8-12) Homeschool Kids BJJ Smalls (Ages 5-7) Homeschool Kids BJJ Juniors (Ages 8-12) Teen Fundamentals Jiu Jitsu (Ages 13-17) Teen No-Gi Jiu Jitsu (Ages 13-17) Adult Fundamentals Jiu Jitsu (Ages 18+) Adult No-Gi Jiu Jitsu (Ages 18+) Women's Only BJJ (Ages 13+) Women's Cardio Kickboxing (Ages 13+) Cardio MMA (Ages 13+)

 I agree to receive promotional/marketing SMS messages By checking this box, you are opting-in to receive marketing/promotional messages from Laviano Jiu Jitsu, to opt out reply STOP at any moment, reply HELP for help. Msg & Data rates may apply. Frequency may vary.

 I agree to receive recurring SMS messages By checking this box, you are opting-in to receive transactional/informational messages regarding account notifications, customer care, etc. from Laviano Jiu Jitsu, to opt out reply STOP at any moment, reply HELP for help. Msg & Data rates may apply. Frequency may vary.

 I agree with Terms of Service & Privacy Policy By checking, I accept Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 GET STARTED TODAY

 Best kids and adults martial arts center in Albany. See why hundreds of Albany residents love our martial arts classes for their kids. You’ll love our fun, friendly community of members.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Preschool Jiu-Jitsu in Albany Fun fitness builds motor skills and coordination. Group games & activities grow positive social skills. Caring instructors provide mentorship & guidance. If you have a preschool-aged child here in Albany, prepare to be amazed with our Jiu-Jitsu classes.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Grappling skills build real-world self-defense. Fun group games & activities build positive social skills. Practicing & training to advance in belts builds focus, drive, and discipline. These Albany kids Jiu-Jitsu classes won't just get your child fit & strong - they'll grow tools for success in life.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Homeschool Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Our Homeschool Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes in Albany are specially designed for children ages 5–12, offering homeschool families a fun and engaging way to stay active during the day. These structured classes combine physical fitness, self-defense, and character development in a safe, positive learning environment.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Jiu-Jitsuin Albany "I can't believe the transformation." After just a few of our Albany teen Jiu-Jitsu classes - you'll see the difference in your child. Respect, confidence, social skills, fitness and focus start growing right away. Amazing instructors give your teen a trustworthy ally to their growth & success.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Most fights end up on the ground. To protect yourself, there's no martial art more powerful than Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. These adult martial arts classes teach you grappling skills that even work against much larger opponents. Make friends, get fit, and grow your confidence as you master these Albany adult BJJ classes.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Women's Only Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Women’s Only Jiu-Jitsu classes in Albany provide a welcoming and empowering space where women can learn practical self-defense while improving strength, confidence, and overall fitness. These classes are designed specifically for women who want to train in a comfortable and supportive environment.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Cardio Mixed Martial Artsin Albany Grappling? Check. Striking? Check. Our Albany adult Mixed Martial Arts classes give you the most well-rounded self-defense you can find. You'll grow stronger, faster, and more agile. All while having a ton of fun and making friends in every class. Come try it now.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Women's Fitness Kickboxingin Albany It's time to revolutionize your workout! Get ready to burn up to 1000 calories in as little as 60 minutes!

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## why CHOOSE Laviano Jiu Jitsu?
 We opened our martial arts school here in Albany with a simple mission: Help our community get safer, and stronger — inside and out. For thousands of years, martial arts has helped millions of people become their best selves. As you master the techniques, train hard, form bonds with your classmates — you transform on the inside too. Your confidence grows. Your focus grows. Your discipline grows. You’re able to achieve more in your day-to-day life.
 Kids do better in school and find it easier to make friends and socialize. Adults focus more intently on their careers, relationships, and family. And knowing that you have the skills to keep you and your loved ones safe gives peace of mind. We’re committed to our community, and to you. Come try us out with our amazing web special and see for yourself, today.

 "My son enjoys the kid classes as well and has been going for over a year even though he had no interest in BJJ before we signed him up. Overall with the health benefits of BJJ and the new friends you'll make, you won't regret trying Hamby out."

 "Laviano Jiu Jitsu provides excellent instruction for those that want to learn jiu jitsu. The curriculum emphasizes the fundamentals of Brazilian jiu jitsu, which is self defense. In addition, "sportier", complex techniques are taught to higher belts, particularly students that compete."

 "They teach the real Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, whose objective is self-defense and not to promote violence. They are a family. It is great for children to learn to be both strong and compassionate. "

 "They have a great coaching staff and our son loves it here. They teach the real stuff and have a good time too. I would definitely recommend going and learning there."

 "Excellent group of people with highly skilled instructors. Friendly and welcoming enviroment for all ages and skill levels, I'm proud to call this group my home away from home."

 ## It's the will. Not the skill.
 ## Build Self-Discipline
 Your starting fitness and skill levels don’t matter – as long as you put in the effort in every class, you’ll see results.

 ## Gain Confidence
 When you step out of your comfort zone in our classes, you allow space for unshakable confidence to grow.

 ## Improve Focus
 Mindfulness practices don’t go away when you step off the mat. The skills you gain in class flow into everything you do.

 ## About our programs
 ## Preschool Jiu-Jitsuin Albany The earlier your child builds their balance, coordination, and motor skills, the better. Our Albany preschool Jiu-Jitsu classes are amazing for this and more. Kids also build social skills through group training and get powerful mentorship from our amazing instructors.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Albany After just 1 class, you'll see why parents and kids here rave about these Albany kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. Parents are shocked as your child develops focus, respect, confidence. Kids love making friends, and the exciting fitness & training. Get started today, risk-free.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Homeschool Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Discover a fun, structured, and empowering way for homeschool children ages 5–12 to stay active during the school day. Our Homeschool Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes in Albany are designed to support physical development, confidence, and focus in a safe and encouraging environment.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Our Albany teen BJJ classes have some parents in shock. They can't believe the focus, discipline, respect, and fitness their child achieves - fast. Teens need the right community & mentorship to flourish. Let's empower your teen today.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Even if you're out of shape and have never trained in martial arts in your entire life, you will love these Albany adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. Make friends. Tone your body. Sharpen your mind. Learn life-saving self-defense. Come try it out today.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Women's Only Jiu-Jitsuin Albany Women’s Only Jiu-Jitsu classes in Albany offer a supportive and comfortable environment where women can learn effective self-defense, build confidence, and improve their overall fitness.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Cardio Mixed Martial Artsin Albany Action-packed, calorie-crushing workouts. Powerful self-defense. Awesome community where you'll make friends fast. These Albany adult Mixed Martial Arts classes are the ultimate way to get fitter, stronger, and safer. And as you train and master challenging techniques, your confidence will soar.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Women's Fitness Kickboxingin Albany It's time to shake things up and change your workout. No other fitness program in Albany can generate the results that our Fitness Kickboxing classes can. Are you ready to for a change?

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Does Martial Arts Training Ever Turn Kids Into Bullies?
 Bullies are rooted in insecurity and fear. But our Albany kids martial arts classes grow confidence, focus, and respect. And our group training builds positive social skills and confidence. So long story short: No! Your child won’t become a bully, and there are no bullies in our classes either!

 Should Parents Stay And Watch?
 That is up to you! If you need some ‘me time’ — go grab a coffee and relax. Your child is in great hands. If you’d like to stay and observe, you’re welcome to do that as well, and make friends with the other parents. We’ve got a great community here in our Albany martial arts school and can’t wait for you to become part of it.

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No way! Some folks come to us who have never exercised in their lives. Others have athlete-levels of fitness. That’s the beauty of martial arts — everyone starts at the same place. And although you’re in a group setting, you’re on your own personal journey. Some people advance faster than others. Every pace is okay. There’s no ego here in our Albany kids and adult martial arts classes. Just support and positivity.

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 There is no real answer for this! And we’d urge you to be cautious of any school that gives you one. The truth is, the path to black belt is a deeply personal and individual journey. Some folks have natural talent and practice hard every day. Other people need to spend more time building coordination and fitness.
 It’s not about getting to black belt, it’s about you becoming a better version of yourself along the way. As you train, overcome obstacles, make friends, find support — you’ll become a stronger you, inside and out.
 And our instructors here at Laviano Jiu Jitsu Albany are committed to you every step.

 How Do I Claim My Limited Time Offer?
 Assuming all spots are not taken — claiming your amazing web special is easy.
 1) Scroll to the top of this page and fill out the form. Or…
 2) Click to access any of our program-specific pages, and fill out the form on that page. Or…
 3) Give us a call at 229-256-4404! We’re happy to sign you up over the phone too!
 Spots are limited so please hurry. We’d hate to see you miss out.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 For your first martial arts class here at Laviano Jiu Jitsu in Albany you’ll only need a few things: comfy clothes, a water bottle, and an open mind.
 It’s perfectly natural to be nervous your first time too. Happens to everyone! As soon as you see how kind and welcoming our community here is, that will disappear.

 I'm Not Very Sporty Or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all! Albany men, women, and children of all fitness levels come to us, whether it’s for kids or adult martial arts. Come as you are!
 Some of our top students were unfit and uncoordinated at first. Now they’re performing techniques they never dreamed possible. The confidence they gained realizing what they were capable of is the biggest gift of the process.
 All you have to do is show up. We’ll take care of the rest.
