---
source_url: https://bristoljiujitsu.co.uk
final_url: https://bristoljiujitsu.co.uk/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.162Z
---

# Bristol Jiu Jitsu Club Japanese Jiu Jitsu in Bristol

 ## About Us We are part of The Jiu Jitsu Foundation (TJJF) who are the largest single style Jiu Jitsu organisation in Britain.
 At Bristol Jiu Jitsu Club we practice Japanese Jiu Jitsu in a modern setting, emphasizing its use as a tool for self defence.
 As a martial art we utilise throws, joint locks, strikes and much more to neutralise an opponent in a wide variety of threatening scenarios. Not only will you learn to apply these techniques in a 1-on-1 setting, you’ll develop strategies for dealing with multiple attackers and opponents with an array of common weapons.

 ## What We Practice ### Throws We teach a lot of throwing techniques in Jiu Jitsu with each one having pros and cons in different situations. They require lots of practice to be used effectively but you’ll be able to learn and experience them for yourself from your first session.

 ### Joint Locks There are many strategies to dealing with an attacker. Wrist locks, arm locks and ground immobilisations are effective methods of restraint without the need for striking. These are a key part of our Jiu Jitsu.

 ### Weapon Work The use of a weapon can provide an attacker with an immediate and seemingly overwhelming advantage. For the times confrontation is unavoidable, we practice defences from a variety of weapons, particularly bottles, coshes and knifes.

 ### Breakfalling In order to teach effective throwing, it is critical we learn how to fall safely. Training safely is at the heart of everything we do at Bristol Jiu Jitsu Club so breakfalling is practiced at the start of every session.

 ## Junior Jiu Jitsu
 ### After School Training Bristol Jiu Jitsu also runs junior class on Tuesdays lead by Sensei Richard and Sensei Steve. Anyone between the ages of 6 and 15 are welcome for an hour of fun and games whilst learning the fundamentals and discipline of our art.

 ### Junior Jiu Jitsu Nationals Twice a year our parent organisation, The Jiu Jitsu Foundation run national competitions for everyone of all ages and abilities to show off their new found skills and knowledge.

 ## Where To Find Us [wpgmza id="1"] Shield Road Primary School
 Shields Avenue
 Filton
 Bristol
 BS7 0RR

 The venue has on site parking and access to the training hall is via the rear of the school. Please allow additional time to help set up the mats ready for the session.

 ## Training Times Training times apply all year round (excluding national holidays)

 First session is FREE

 Please contact a member of the club prior to arrival for any additional details or queries.
 Day | Time | Ages | Cost Tuesday | 6:30pm – 7:30pm | 6-15 | £5 | 7:30pm – 9:30pm | 18+ | £7* Thursday | 7:30pm – 9:30pm | 18+ | £7*
 *Those in higher education, part-time work or currently unemployed pay a reduced rate of £4 per session.
 ## FIRST SESSION IS FREE Contact us for more information

 ## Contact Us Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
 Comment Email Name
 Name * First
 Last

 Email *
 Comment or Message

 Submit
