---
source_url: https://www.haywardmma.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://haywardmma.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:51.938Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Hayward
 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Hayward Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Gi and No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Hayward! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Hayward will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will:
 - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Mindset Martial Arts & Fitness Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just click below to fill out the form and learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Take Your Training to the Next Level Request information

 BusinessRate collected 43 recent Google reviews averaging a 5.0 rating with 4 reviews in the last 90 days averaging a 5.0 rating. The BusinessRate score is calculated at 5.00. This martial arts school is currently ranked #1 in Hayward, CA.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
