---
source_url: https://www.haywardmma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://haywardmma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:52.163Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Hayward
 ## Get Started With Hayward's Best Kids BJJ Classes! Here at Mindset Martial Arts & Fitness, we're proud to offer kids ages 3 and up from Hayward the opportunity to get high-quality Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids BJJ program is focused on helping cultivate strong values and mindfulness in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Martial Arts Classes Offer? Our Kids BJJ classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Mindset Martial Arts & Fitness isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Hayward for Kids BJJ classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Martial Arts class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Hayward's Favorite Kids BJJ Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children ages 3 and up from around Hayward, San Lorenzo, and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Mindset Martial Arts & Fitness and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about Kids Martial Arts!
 Get more information now!

 ## Take Your Training to the Next Level Request information

 BusinessRate collected 43 recent Google reviews averaging a 5.0 rating with 4 reviews in the last 90 days averaging a 5.0 rating. The BusinessRate score is calculated at 5.00. This martial arts school is currently ranked #1 in Hayward, CA.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
