---
source_url: https://www.haywardmma.com/classes/Fitness-Kickboxing
final_url: https://haywardmma.com/classes/Fitness-Kickboxing
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:52.676Z
---

# Fitness Kickboxing in Hayward
 ## Work Every Muscle In Your Body And Learn Incredible Self-Defense In Our Fitness Kickboxing Classes Are you hoping to train like a black belt without the risk of getting hit? Then you've come to the right place.
 At Mindset Martial Arts & Fitness, our Fitness Kickboxing Classes offer you all the high-energy fun and total-body results of martial arts training without the need to fight or grapple with an opponent.
 Build strength and self-defense at the same time when you join us in Hayward!
 Request Information Now

 #### Who Are Our Fitness Kickboxing Classes Designed For? EVERYONE!
 You don't need to be a black belt. You don't need any experience at all.
 These Fitness Kickboxing Classes are perfect for beginners and experts alike. From day one, you'll learn how to strike with power and speed and our dedicated instructors will be there every step of the way to help you build your skills one day at a time.
 We're helping everyday men and women in Hayward:
 - Master the best striking skills - Build lean muscles across your entire body - Burn fat and enjoy sustainable weight loss - Leave every single class with a sense of accomplishment
 #### Did You Know Fitness Kickboxing Can Impact Every Aspect Of Your Life? Well it can.
 We all know how important it is to stay active and exercise. But until you do it on a regular basis, it's hard to understand just how much it can benefit your day-to-day life.
 With our Fitness Kickboxing Classes, you'll be motivated to train week in and week out because every class is different and our support system is second-to-none.
 From day one, you can enjoy:
 - Boosted energy levels all day long - Reduced stress - Increased focus - Improved sleep habits
 And that's just the beginning! On your newfound fitness journey, the results will just keep coming and we'll be right there to celebrate with you!
 #### Join Us In Hayward For These Cutting-Edge Fitness Kickboxing Classes Today! You do not want to miss this. Change the way you think about exercise and put some energy back into your daily routine. Our Fitness Kickboxing Classes are serving men and women across Hayward and we can't wait for you to be next.
 Just click below to fill out the short form and connect with us today!
 Request Information Now

 ## Take Your Training to the Next Level Request information

 BusinessRate collected 43 recent Google reviews averaging a 5.0 rating with 4 reviews in the last 90 days averaging a 5.0 rating. The BusinessRate score is calculated at 5.00. This martial arts school is currently ranked #1 in Hayward, CA.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
