---
source_url: https://graciefxbg.gymdesk.com/page/adult-bjj-classes
final_url: https://graciefxbg.gymdesk.com/page/adult-bjj-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:36.709Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 ADVANCED BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU CLASSES IN Fredericksburg

 A Structured Gracie Jiu-Jitsu ® Path From Blue to Black Belt

 Get 10 days of Master Cycle ® classes in Fredericksburg, completely risk free
 Follow the prompts below to schedule your free introductory lesson...

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Fredericksburg. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply.

 ## A Comprehensive Jiu-Jitsu Roadmap Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can be very confusing and overwhelming, especially at the advanced level. In our Master Cycle Advanced Jiu-Jitsu Classes, we’ve taken over 600 techniques and divided them into 7 Positional Chapters so you can learn in a highly-structured and easy-to-follow format, and it’s located right here in Fredericksburg!

 ## Leave your ego at the door Too often advanced jiu-jitsu instruction is approached with a sink-or-swim attitude that leads many students to quit due to loss of interest, embarrassment, or injury.

 We prioritize the safety of our students, so you can enjoy learning and exploring the art of jiu-jitsu in a cooperative and ego-free environment.

 ## Join the family, live the lifestyle Beyond the self-defense, our advanced jiu-jitsu program offers both physical and mental health benefits. There are few workouts as challenging, fun and mentally stimulating as our Master Cycle classes.

 Our [Fredericksburg] students start coming for the jiu-jitsu, but stay for the life-long health benefits of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Master Cycle provides a structured path from blue to black belt Beyond Gracie Combatives ® , Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) consists of hundreds of advanced techniques organized into a clearly defined, systematic curriculum called the Master Cycle.

 ## Get the Gracie University® Advantage In addition to live classes, every Master Cycle student receives a subscription to Gracie University Online, which gives you unlimited online access to the Master Cycle streaming instructional video archive.

 Use this resource to review past lessons, learn new techniques, and prepare for future belt tests 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, from any computer or mobile device!

 Take advantage of this powerful tool and take your technique to the next level!

 The Gracie Difference

 Building a Strong Foundation for a Lifelong Journey

 ### 1.Systematic Instruction We’ve organized all of BJJ into seven positional chapters – Mount, Side Mount, Guard, Half Guard, Back Mount, Leg Locks, Standing – each of which is studied in-depth, for several months before moving on to the next chapter.

 ### 2. "Punch-Safe" Techniques Master Cycle explores a wide variety of sport and self-defense techniques with an emphasis on learning “punch-safe” techniques that will help you stay safe in a street altercation.

 ### 3. Focused Sparring Master Cycle includes variety of controlled training exercises, such as Rapid Mastery Drills, Focus Sparring Exercises, and Fight Simulation Drills. Safety is the primary concern during these sparring exercises and sparring is 100% voluntary for Master Cycle students.

 Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Advanced Martial Arts Program.

 remove ## I hate doing gym workouts, I find them boring. Will this be similar?
 Some describe sparring in jiu-jitsu as “Meditation” because they are only focused on the present moment at all times during their sessions. They are not thinking about their to-do list that day, only what they will do next in their jiu-jitsu “human chess match.”

 For this reason, it is one of the most fun and mentally challenging workouts that can still be self-paced. We have seen individuals start from all fitness levels gain confidence and stamina on the mat through their jiu-jitsu practice.

 remove ## Do I have to compete?
 No. At Gracie University, we are not a competition-focused gym. Our first priority for our martial arts students is that they learn the fundamentals of self-defense. What you need to do to survive against an aggressive, untrained opponent may be different than what you would need to learn for a sport jiu-jitsu tournament.

 We support the individual jiu-jitsu journeys of each one of our students, regardless of whether they choose to test their skills in competition.

 remove ## How long until I get a Black Belt?
 On average, it takes a minimum of 10 years of jiu-jitsu practice to become a Black Belt, but it can be shorter or longer depending on the frequency of training.

 remove ## How do I claim your limited time offer?
 We only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. To take advantage of our limited time offer, the fastest way is to fill in the form at the top of this page!

 Additionally, you can always give us a call. We would love to chat with you about what we do, and to help you determine if our martial arts classes at [ Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Fredericksburg] would be a great fit for you and your family!
