---
source_url: http://dojosealbeach.com/programs-adult
final_url: https://www.dojosealbeach.com/programs-adult
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.598Z
---

## ADULT JIU JITSU PROGRAM

 ## The Adult Jiu Jitsu Program caters to all skill levels, offering Fundamentals, All Levels, No-Gi, and Women’s Only classes. With morning and evening sessions six days a week, our structured curriculum ensures that whether you're a beginner, a dedicated hobbyist, or a competitive athlete, you’ll find a welcoming environment to develop your skills.

 ### FUNDAMENTALS PROGRAM Our Fundamentals class is designed for students looking to build a strong foundation in Jiu Jitsu. This class focuses on fundamental positions, movements, and concepts essential for progression. Ideal for beginners and those refining their basics.
 - Core positions: Stand-up, Guard, Side Control, Mount, and Back Control. - Fundamental movements to develop a strong technical base. - Conceptual understanding of position, control, and transitions. - A structured and supportive learning environment.

 ### ALL LEVELS PROGRAMS Our All Levels class builds on fundamental knowledge, introducing more complex techniques in guard play and passing. This class is suited for students looking to refine their skills and explore advanced positional strategies.
 - Advanced guard positions and guard passing strategies. - Detailed offensive and defensive techniques. - More situational and live sparring to develop reaction and timing. - Continued refinement of individual Jiu Jitsu style and strategy.

 ### ADULT NO GI Our Adult No Gi class is led by Professor Richard Alvarez. Students are introduced to No Gi Jiu Jitsu that heavily incorporates wrestling takedowns and other grappling techniques. Students utilize their understanding of Jiu Jitsu to adapt to a new type of training that removes the Gi uniform and any accompanying grips the Gi uniform may allow. No Gi is a great way to develop and even better understanding of body weight leverage and positioning.

 ### WOMEN’S ONLY JIU JITSU In our Women’s Only Class - Students receive instruction on self-defense techniques and sport Jiu Jitsu training in a safe and empowering environment. This class is suitable for all levels, beginners and experienced students.

 BOOK TRIAL CLASS
 BOOK TRIAL CLASS

 ### Want to learn more about DOJO? Let's Connect!
