---
source_url: http://dojosealbeach.com
final_url: https://www.dojosealbeach.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:53.220Z
---

### YOUR JIU JITSU JOURNEY STARTS HERE

 ## VALUES FROM JIU JITSU At DOJO by Leo Vieira , we are more than just a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy—we are a family. Our school is built on the principles of respect, discipline, and continuous growth, creating an environment where students of all ages and backgrounds can thrive.

 Class Schedule
 Class Schedule

 Book Your Free Trial
 Book Your Free Trial

 Member Login
 Member Login

 ## Community &
 ## Connection Thru
 ## Jiu Jitsu

 KIDS & ADULT JIU JITSU PROGRAMS

 - LITTLES 4-6 - YOUTH 7-10 - ADULT JIU JITSU - TEENS 11-14 - WOMEN'S ONLY - ADULT NO GI

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 - - - - - -

 ## MEET OUR INSTRUCTORS

 Our world-class instructors bring unparalleled expertise and passion to the mat. Comprised of multiple-time world champions, our team is more than just a group of elite athletes – they are dedicated mentors committed to helping students deepen their understanding and love for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. With a focus on technical excellence, personal growth, and creating a positive learning environment, our instructors are here to guide you every step of the way.

 - - - - - - - - - -

 ## PRIVATE LESSONS AND SMALL GROUPS

 Private lessons at DOJO are a powerful way for students of all levels to progress toward their goals faster. Whether you’re looking to refine techniques, build confidence, or address specific areas for improvement, one-on-one instruction provides personalized attention and a focused learning environment. Take your Jiu Jitsu journey to the next level with customized training that’s all about you .

 SCHEDULE PRIVATE LESSON
 SCHEDULE PRIVATE LESSON

 ### Want to learn more about DOJO? Let's Connect!
