---
source_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-for-adults/
final_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-for-adults/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:54.073Z
---

# JIU-JITSU TRAINING FOR ADULTS IN FRISCO, TEXAS LEARN JIU-JITSU FROM QUALIFIED INSTRUCTORS
 MY FREE TRIAL

 ## JIU-JITSU CLASSES FOR ADULTS IN FRISCO, TEXAS Welcome to Diamondback Jiu-Jitsu. We are a Gracie lineage Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Frisco Texas. We offer classes for adults who are interested in starting Jiu-Jitsu or who wish to further their training. We have classes every day except Sundays. Classes can be taken in the morning, afternoon and the evening. If you are looking for a BJJ school with a welcoming atmosphere and qualified instructors that will push your limits, then we are the place for you. Contact us today and let’s start training!

 (214) 407-8641

 Professor Matt’s teaching style is very accommodating to students on every level and age group. He can quickly make adjustments on the fly to cater to that person’s specific belt level to get them on the correct path for learning. He has always been patient with me and all of the students I’ve seen him teach. He makes learning BJJ a very enjoyable and positive experience.

 Ben Licas

 I have been training under Professor Matt Jones for over two years. His approach to teaching Jiu Jitsu is top notch! He is able to break down and explain techniques equally well for the youngest novice to the experienced practitioner. He instills a fun family atmosphere while still delivering a disciplined, quality martial arts experience.

 Robert Thomas

 ## OUR SCHEDULE

 ## WHY YOU SHOULD PRACTICE JIU-JITSU AS AN ADULT

 ### Overall Fitness In the world of sports, there is few things more difficult then moving another person against their will. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that teaches you to stay calm under pressure and use leverage before strength. It is estimated that you can lose up to 500 calories in a single BJJ sparring session. So not only does Jiu-Jitsu burn calories and help you lose weight, it also helps you develop strength, improves flexibility, and overall athleticism.

 ### Be A Better Version Of Yourself With regular training and a healthy diet, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gives you a stronger more confident version of yourself. You will have the know-how and the ability to defend yourself if you find yourself in an altercation. The core philosophy of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is to use leverage, timing and technique to overcome larger adversaries. This knowledge and skill will give you a distinct advantage if you were to ever find yourself in a physical altercation.

 ### Improved Mental Health The practice of Jiu Jitsu involves overcoming obstacles. These obstacles may include learning moves, sparring better opponents, or putting yourself in situations that you are not use to being in. But along the way, you will also see improvement and the feeling of satisfaction as you improve. This progression does wonders for good mental health. Finally, being in better overall physical health, is also beneficial to your mental health as well.

 ### Camaraderie At Our School At Diamondback Jiu-Jitsu we have a healthy culture of instructors and students. Students help each other learn and grow as well as the instructors. The older more experienced students are more than happy to help the newcomers. When you practice Jiu-Jitsu, you are placed with a group of like-minded individuals who are all looking to do to the same thing. Jiu-Jitsu is much more of a team sport than an individual discipline.

 “The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.”
 – William Ward
