---
source_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-ages-11-13/
final_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-ages-11-13/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:54.174Z
---

# JIU-JITSU FOR KIDS AGES 11-13 YEARS OLD WE ARE COMMITED TO TEACHING YOUR 11-13 YEAR OLD BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU
 MY KID’S FREE TRIAL

 ## JIU-JITSU TRAINING FOR KIDS 11-13 YEARS OLD Do you have an 11-13 year old who wants to learn Jiu-Jitsu? Or maybe you child needs a little more structure. If this is the case Diamondback Jiu Jitsu is the place for you and your kids. Our instructors are highly trained and motivated to teach your son or daughter Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu the right way. So whether your kid is looking to take part in a fun recreational activity or wants to train for competitions, we have the know-how and experience to help them reach their goals. Contact us today and let’s start training!

 (214) 407-8641

 Professor Matt is very patient. The way he teaches gets me excited to learn, and makes me want to get better at BJJ!

 Zoey Licas

 Professor Matt and the culture that he creates truly felt welcoming and encouraging as a teenage newcomer to Jiu-Jitsu. Over the course of three years, I’ve fine-tuned techniques and acquired new skills, and I can’t wait to continue on my journey of Jiu-Jitsu with Professor Matt.

 Laura Nguyen

 ## JIU-JITSU SCHEDULE FOR KIDS (AGES 11-13)

 ## WHY YOUR CHILD SHOULD PRACTICE JIU-JITSU

 ### Discipline When your child trains in the martial art of Jiu-Jitsu, they will learn to work with other kids and focus on what is being taught. He or she will then implement what they have learned in sparring sessions with their peers. In order to get better and improve, a certain level of focus is required. This type of training compels the students to be disciplined in their training. In the long run children who take Jiu-Jitsu learn the benefits of discipline which translates to maturity overtime.

 ### Confidence One of the best ways to gain confidence is the act of overcoming hardship and adversity. When your child trains in Jiu-Jitsu, they will face the physical and mental challenges of learning new techniques and sparring with their classmates. As they improve and overcome these challenges, their confidence will grow. This confidence will carry over to all aspects of their life and improve the way they view themselves.

 ### Friendships Whenever you place a group of people together with a common goal of learning something as complicated as Jiu-Jitsu, friendships are bound to be formed. Typically, the more challenging the task, the stronger the friendships. As your child progresses in their Jiu-Jitsu training, don’t be surprised if they make friends along the way. Camaraderie has been one of the hallmarks of Jiu-Jitsu from the very beginning.

 ### Self Defense Simply put, Jiu-Jitsu is a complete martial art. When your child trains in Jiu-Jitsu, they are learning how to defend themselves from strikes, grabs bullies and even how to handle an adult trying to pull them in a direction they don’t want to go. Your child will naturally gain the confidence of knowing they have the answers to uncertain situations. A bully does not want to target a confident kid. And a confident kid does not want to be a bully.

 “A strong body is a good asset. A strong mind is a very good asset.”
 – Rickson Gracie
