---
source_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-ages-8-10/
final_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-ages-8-10/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:54.216Z
---

# JIU-JITSU CLASSES FOR KIDS 8-10 YRS OLD WE ARE COMMITED TO TEACHING YOUR 8-10 YEAR OLD CHILD BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU, THE RIGHT WAY
 MY KID’S FREE TRIAL

 ## JIU-JITSU TRAINING FOR KIDS 8-10 YEARS OLD Are you the parent of a child between the ages of 8-10 years old? Does your child want to learn Jiu-Jitsu? If so, Diamondback Jiu-Jitsu in Frisco, Texas is the place for you. We have an experienced team of instructors who are trained and qualified to teach your child the martial art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. So whether your child is a beginner or more experienced, you can rest assured that we can train them to reach their potential. So contact us today and let’s start training!

 (214) 407-8641

 Professor Matt has all of the right characteristics to teach any type of kid. My kid started when he was 5 years old and it’s been 4 years with the professor and he has never complained about going to the classes. Professor Matt is one of his superheroes!

 David Park

 Professor Matt has been an instructor for our 3 girls in jiu jitsu since 2017. His patience, technical skills and love for jiu jitsu has been so encouraging and inspirational to our kids that my husband and I decided to start training 2 years ago. We couldn’t imagine having another jiu jitsu instructor for the family.

 Michelle Melander

 ## JIU-JITSU SCHEDULE FOR KIDS (AGES 8-10)

 ## WHY YOUR CHILD SHOULD PRACTICE JIU-JITSU

 ### Discipline When your child trains in the martial art of Jiu-Jitsu, they will learn different techniques and moves. They will then implement what they have learned in sparring sessions with their peers. In order to get better and improve, a certain level of focus is required. This type of training compels the students to be disciplined in their training. Over the long run, children who take Jiu-Jitsu learn the benefits of discipline which translates to a more disciplined lifestyle in general.

 ### Confidence One of the best ways to gain confidence is the act of overcoming hardship. When your child trains in Jiu-Jitsu, they will face the physical and mental challenges of learning new techniques and sparring with their classmates. As they improve and overcome these challenges, their confidence will grow. This confidence will carry over to all aspects of their life and improve the way they view themselves.

 ### Friendships Whenever you place a group of people together with a common goal of learning something as complicated as Jiu-Jitsu, friendships are bound to be formed. Typically, the more challenging the task, the stronger the friendships. As your child progresses in their Jiu-Jitsu training, don’t be surprised if they make a lot of friends along the way. Comradery has been one of the hallmarks of Jiu-Jitsu from the very beginning.

 ### Self Defense Simply put, Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art. When your child trains in Jiu-Jitsu, they are learning how to fight. Overtime, they will learn the techniques to defend themselves if they were to find themselves in a physical altercation. Your child will naturally gain the confidence of knowing they can take care of themselves. And because of this confidence, their stress level will go down and, in the majority of cases, they will avoid conflicts because of their confidence.

 “A strong body is a good asset. A strong mind is a very good asset.”
 – Rickson Gracie
