---
source_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-ages-5-7/
final_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-ages-5-7/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:54.260Z
---

# JIU-JITSU CLASSES FOR KIDS 6-7 YEARS OLD WE ARE COMMITED TO TEACHING YOUR 6-7 YEAR OLD CHILD BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU, THE RIGHT WAY
 MY KID’S FREE TRIAL

 ## JIU-JITSU TRAINING FOR KIDS 6-7 YEARS OLD Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a great activity for young children between the ages of 6-7. They will learn to defend themselves from bullies. Jiu-Jitsu will instill in them a sense of confidence, camaraderie, and discipline and teach them to follow directions and work as a team. So if you are interested in the martial art of Jiu-Jitsu for your child, contact us today and let’s start training!

 (214) 407-8641

 Professor Matt has all of the right characteristics to teach any type of kid. My kid started when he was 5 years old and it’s been 4 years with the professor and he has never complained about going to the classes. Professor Matt is one of his superheroes!

 David Park

 Professor Matt first taught my son and daughter two years ago and they have asked to go back to Jiu-Jitsu class so many times.

 Marc Byers

 ## JIU-JITSU SCHEDULE FOR KIDS (AGES 6-7)

 ## WHY YOUR CHILD SHOULD PRACTICE JIU-JITSU

 ### Discipline When your child trains in the martial art of Jiu-Jitsu, they will learn proven self defense and “sport” techniques and moves. They will then implement what they have learned in sparring sessions with their peers. In order to get better and improve, a certain level of focus is required. This type of training compels the students to be disciplined in their training. Acknowledgment is shown to Kids who demonstrate improvement with their discipline overtime. Children who take Jiu-Jitsu at Diamondback learn discipline in the academy, at home and at school!

 ### Confidence One of the best ways to gain confidence is the act of overcoming hardship. When your child trains in Jiu-Jitsu, they will face the physical and mental challenges of learning new techniques and sparring with their classmates. As they improve and overcome these challenges, their confidence will grow. This confidence will carry over to all aspects of their life and improve the way they view themselves.

 ### Friendships Whenever you place a group of people together with a common goal of learning something as complicated as Jiu-Jitsu, friendships are bound to be formed. Typically, the more challenging the task, the stronger the friendships. As your child progresses in their Jiu-Jitsu training, don’t be surprised if they make a lot of friends along the way. Camaraderie has been one of the hallmarks of Jiu-Jitsu from the very beginning.

 ### Self Defense Simply put, Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art. When your child trains at Diamondback Jiu-Jitsu they are learning how to defend themselves from bullies and how to handle an adult trying to pick them up. They will quickly learn the techniques to defend themselves if they were to find themselves in a physical altercation. Your child will naturally gain the confidence of knowing they can take care of themselves if an unfavorable situation arises. This confidence is often enough to make a bully think twice.

 “A strong body is a good asset. A strong mind is a very good asset.”
 – Rickson Gracie
