---
source_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com
final_url: https://diamondbackbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:54.304Z
---

# READY TO LEARN BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU? JOIN A COMMUNITY OF JIU-JITSU ENTHUSIASTS IN FRISCO, TODAY
 MY FREE TRIAL

 ## WELCOME TO DIAMONDBACK JIU-JITSU Diamondback Jiu-Jitsu is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy located in Frisco, Texas. Our Academy shares the same values that the Gracie family has at it’s core. Showing our students self defense through jiu-jitsu is our first priority. Diamondback teaches its students to set goals, work hard, and follow-through while having fun. Some of the benefits of learning Jiu-Jitsu include:
 - Learn self-defense - Get in shape - Improve your focus and confidence - Plug into a community of jiu-jitsu enthusiasts and make friends
 Give us a call today and come and see Diamondback Jiu-Jitsu Academy for yourself.

 (214) 407-8641

 ## THE BENEFITS OF BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 SELF DEFENSE

 PHYSICAL FITNESS

 CONFIDENCE

 CAMARADERIE

 ## OUR JIU-JITSU PROGRAMS

 JIU JITSU FOR ADULTS

 JIU JITSU FOR TEENS

 JIU JITSU FOR KIDS 11-13 YEARS OLD

 JIU JITSU FOR KIDS 8-10 YEARS OLD

 JIU JITSU FOR KIDS 6-7 YEARS OLD

 MUAY THAI CLASSES

 (214) 407-8641

 I want to thank Professor Matt for teaching me over the years and also to my friends for a very positive Jiu-Jitsu journey.

 Victoria Nguyen

 Professor Jones has a thorough knowledge of the fundamentals and has the experience, patience, and the communication skills to instruct kids to adults, all the while keeping safety is too priority!”

 Jeff Snyder

 I am appreciative and feel extremely lucky to be training under the tutelage of Matt Jones. Thank you very much Professor!

 Andy Tong

 ## OUR SCHEDULE

 ## QUESTIONS TO ASK WHEN LOOKING FOR A JIU-JITSU SCHOOL

 ### Is the instructor a black belt? It is critical that the Jiu-jitsu school you choose has instructors with experience. Be sure to find out the experience level of the instructors and see if that experience level matches your ambitions. For example, are you taking Jiu-Jitsu as a recreational activity or do you plan on taking it more seriously and competing in tournaments? Figure out what you want to accomplish with Jiu-Jitsu and find a school and teacher that matches your goals.

 ### Does the Instructor participate in all aspects of Jiu-Jitsu? This is an important factor when choosing a school to attend. Qualified Jiu-Jitsu instructors should participate in class with their students like sparring and drilling the curriculum. It’s one of the best methods for teaching Jiu-Jitsu and maintaining what one has already learned. It shows that the instructor is passionate about their craft. A good teacher should want their students to achieve their goals whether it be participating in tournaments, getting more fit or building confidence.

 ### What are the costs? Do your research and be sure to find out all of the costs associated with the BJJ academy you are looking to join. Here are some fee related items to find out:
 - Can you pay month-to-month? - What is the monthly cost - What is the cost of the Gi? - Is there a fee for a belt test? - Is there a discount for Families? - Does the Jiu-Jitsu school offer a FREE Trial class?

 ### How does the Jiu-Jitsu gym look and feel? Your Jiu-Jitsu “gym” should be a place that you are excited to attend. For example, it’s important to figure out how the staff treats it’s members. Are they greeted with a smile when they walk in? Is there a good sense of community at the school. The physical aspects of the facility are also worth a consideration. Are the facilities well maintained and clean? If the answers to these questions are all positives, then you have yourself a “school” not a “gym”. All of these factors go a long way into determining if a specific Jiu-Jitsu school is the right place for you.

 “Respect those who came before by teaching those who come after”
