---
source_url: http://www.gracieohio.com/programs
final_url: https://www.gracieohio.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:51.219Z
---

# Something for Everyone. Don’t see what you’re looking for? We want to hear about it.

 ### Fundamentals

 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is the only art that gives you a realistic chance of defending yourself against a larger more aggressive attacker. The fundamentals program is our entry level (white to blue belt) curriculum.
 This course is designed to make the student street-ready by the time they reach blue belt. We focus on how to deal with the most common self defense situations with proper strategy, timing, technique and leverage. The student will learn the basic philosophy of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu as well as be exposed to basic competition style techniques.

 Get Started
 Get Started

 ### Kids

 Gracie Jiu-jitsu is the most effective and at the same time most non-violent approach to self defense in the world. We teach our students how to neutralize threats without violence. Your child will learn skills such as: discipline, anti-bullying, self-confidence, sportsmanship, respect, improved physical fitness, and self-defense.
 Open enrollment for the following age groups:
 - Little Champs (Ages 3-5) - Juniors 2 (Ages 9-11) - Juniors 3 (Ages 12-16)REGISTER HERE
 Currently At Capacity:
 - Little Champs Group BREGISTER HERE FOR THE WAITLIST - Juniors 1 (Ages 6-8)REGISTER HERE FOR THE WAITLIST

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 ### Advanced Training

 This class allows the more experienced students the opportunity to train with other high level students and focus on more advanced grappling and fighting strategies.
 The usual structure of this class is to learn an advanced technique and drill it with partners, followed by about an hour of rolling.
 Note: We offer both Gi and No-Gi classes.

 Join Now
 Join Now

 ### Open Mat

 Put your skills to the test with our open mat sessions. We like to crank the music up and have fun competing with each other, welcoming all levels of students.
 Just dropping by? Great, we love visitors! Mat fees are available using the button below.

 Roll with Us
 Roll with Us

 ### Private Sessions

 Want some 1 on 1 time with one of our highly experienced instructors? Private sessions allow our students to learn in a very in-depth way, capturing every little detail of the techniques. The best part? It’s YOUR private session, so YOU choose what you learn!

 Schedule a Session
 Schedule a Session
