---
source_url: https://www.verasacademylux.com/classes
final_url: https://www.verasacademylux.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:41.435Z
---

# CLASSES
 AT VERAS ACADEMY LUXEMBOURG, WE PRIDE OURSELVES ON THE VARIETY OF MARTIAL ARTS DISCIPLINES THAT WE TEACH. A DEDICATED INSTRUCTOR LEADS EACH CLASS, WHO NOT ONLY HAS A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT OF PASSION FOR MARTIAL ARTS, BUT WHO ALSO HOLDS AN INCREDIBLE AMOUNT OF KNOWLEDGE.
 EACH CLASS IS SPECIFICALLY TAILORED TO MEET THE NEEDS OF OUR MEMBERS.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU
 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU IS A SELF-DEFENSE MARTIAL ART AND A COMBAT SPORT THAT ORIGINATED FROM THE FAMOUS GRACIE FAMILY IN BRAZIL. BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU, OR BJJ AS IT IS COMMONLY KNOWN, EMPHASIZES TAKING AN OPPONENT TO THE GROUND, GAINING A DOMINANT POSITION, AND USING A NUMBER OF TECHNIQUES TO FORCE THEM INTO SUBMISSION VIA JOINT LOCKS OR CHOKEHOLDS. SPARRING, COMMONLY REFERRED TO AS “ROLLING” WITHIN THE BJJ COMMUNITY, PLAYS A MAJOR ROLE IN TRAINING AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE STUDENT OR ATHLETE.

 ## NO-GI
 NO-GI IS THE PRACTICE OF BJJ WITHOUT WEARING THE KIMONO (GI). IT IS THE FASTEST GROWING FORM OF GRAPPLING IN THE WORLD. IT IS FAST PACED AND HAS A LARGE EMPHASIS ON WRESTLING AND SUBMISSIONS.

 ## KARATE
 KARATE IS ONE OF THE OLDEST FORMS OF MARTIAL ARTS, ORIGINATING FROM THE RYUKYU KINGDOM, WHICH IS A PREDOMINANTLY “STRIKING” FORM OF MARTIAL ARTS, USING PUNCHING, KICKING, KNEE STRIKES, ELBOW STRIKES AND OPEN-HAND TECHNIQUES. WITH CLAIMS THAT THERE ARE OVER 100 MILLION KARATE PRACTITIONERS WORLDWIDE, KARATE REMAINS A POPLAR FORM OF SELF-DEFENSE AND PHYSICAL FITNESS.

 ## BOXING
 BOXING IS A COMBAT SPORT AND A MARTIAL ART IN WHICH TWO PEOPLE, WEARING PROTECTIVE GLOVES AND OTHER PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT, THROW PUNCHES AT EACH OTHER FOR A PREDETERMINED AMOUNT OF TIME IN A BOXING RING. WITH ITS RICH HISTORY, BOXING IS A REFINED ART OF STRIKING WITH THE FISTS AND SERVES AS A GREAT SPORT TO REACH ALL KINDS OF PERSONAL GOALS, WHETHER THAT IS FOR FITNESS, SELF-DEFENSE OR COMPETITION.

 ## WRESTLING
 WRESTLING IS ONE OF THE OLDEST FORMS OF MARTIAL ARTS AND COMBAT SPORTS. WRESTLING INVOLVES GRAPPLING WITH AN OPPONENT AND STRIVING TO OBTAIN A POSITION OF ADVANTAGE THROUGH DIFFERENT THROWS OR TECHNIQUES, WITHIN A GIVEN RULESET.

 ## WOMEN´S ONLY BJJ
 THIS CLASS EVERY SUNDAY, WILL CREATE A COMMUNITY WHERE WOMEN CAN FIND STRENGTH, CONFIDENCE AND MEANINGFUL CONNECTIONS. WHETHER YOU ARE A CURIOUS BEGINNER OR SEASONED PRACTITIONER TO COMPETITOR, THIS CLASS WILL BE DESIGNED TO SUIT ALL LEVELS.

 ## CONTACT US
 ### ADDRESS
 4 AVENUE DE LA GARE,
 L-1610, LUXEMBOURG, LUXEMBOURG

 ### EMAIL
 verasacademyluxembourg@gmail.com

 ### OPENING HOURS
 MON - FRI

 07:00 am – 21:45 pm

 SATURDAY

 09:30am - 16:00pm

 SUNDAY

 11:00 am - 12:00 pm
