---
source_url: http://www.leveragebjjnh.com
final_url: https://www.leveragebjjnh.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:39.346Z
---

Concord’s premier academy for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Leverage BJJ offers high level instruction for students of all levels. We are passionate about sharing the benefits of BJJ, including improved physical fitness, mental focus, and self-confidence. Whether you’re looking to learn self-defense, compete in tournaments, or simply stay in shape, our BJJ classes provide a challenging and rewarding experience for all.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, also known as BJJ, is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and grappling techniques. Developed in Brazil in the early 20th century, BJJ is based on the principles of leverage and technique, allowing smaller individuals to defend themselves against larger opponents.
 At Leverage BJJ, we have programs for kids and adults of all ages.
 Our adult program consists of 2 hour classes where we focus on specific techniques for the first half of class, then the class concludes with rounds of live sparring, or “rolling”.

 #### Welcome to Leverage BJJ

 Looking for a fun and engaging activity for your child? Our kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is just the thing! The kids’ program is designed to teach young students the basics of BJJ in a safe and supportive environment. Your child will learn valuable self-defense skills while also improving their physical fitness, coordination, and confidence.
 The kid’s program is split into two classes - Level 1 for ages 5-8, and Level 2 for ages 9 and up.
 Level 1
 The younger kids’ classes focus on coordination and introduction to the movements and fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. There is very little time spent on submissions at this age.
 Level 2
 Building on the foundational concepts of BJJ, the kids are introduced more to submissions and development of their technique.
