---
source_url: https://303trainingcenter.com
final_url: https://www.303trainingcenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:23.767Z
---

# 303 Training Center
 WRESTLING - BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU - SELF-DEFENSE

 # Welcome to the
 FREE CLASS - ARVADA
 Schedule
 Sign me up!
 - - - - -

 ## Call us, Email us, or Come Say hi:
 303-650-4466
 Location Info
 T303TC@gmail.com

 ## PROUDLY SERVING WESTMINSTER, ARVADA, BROOMFIELD, THORNTON, NORTHGLENN, SUPERIOR, BOULDER & DENVER SINCE 2010!​

 With 303 Training Center, you get...

 World-Class Instruction

 Mile-High Dedication to Your Progress

 Denver's Premier Martial
 Arts Family

 Sign up below , or give us a call to start your 303 journey today!

 ## SIGN ME UP!
 We are located in downtown Olde Town Arvada at the intersection of Olde Wadsworth Blvd and Grant Pl, just off Ralston Rd.
 Within 10 minutes from the heart of Arvada, Lakewood, Thornton, Northglenn and with in 15-20 min from Denver and Boulder.
 -
 Email: T303TC@gmail.com
 Phone: 303-650-4466

 Thanks for submitting!

 Submit

 # See our Arvada School Schedule or read more about 303 Training Center below
 Olde Town Arvada Schedule
 About 303
 A Staple in the Community
 Mental Jiu Jitsu
 Choosing a Jiu Jitsu School

 ## MORE ABOUT 303 TRAINING CENTER
 ### ​​This is a Black Belt Academy!​ ​ ​
 ###### At the 303 Training Center, it doesn't matter if you’re a beginner or a seasoned martial arts expert, we have something for everyone! ###### ​ Our beautiful and always super clean facility is over 6,000 square feet and is equipped with over 3500 square feet of mat space that is covered with the best top of the line Dollamur Mats. Not only that but they also lay a top of a beautiful $25,000 floating and solid reinforced flooring!
 ​
 Add that with some of Colorado's best and good hearted people... this makes for truly the cleanest, nicest, softest and best mat to train martial arts on in all of Colorado!
 ​
 We’re conveniently located in beautiful downtown Westminster, just one minute from Highway 36 and 10 minutes away from Broomfield, Arvada, Thornton, Northglenn and Superior. 15 minutes from Denver and Boulder. ​​​

 Book a class

 We would also like to welcome you to visit 303's newest location in the heart of Olde Town Arvada! We are conveniently located just off of Olde Wadsworth Blvd, right across the street from Fuzzy's Tacos. You can't miss us! (Pictured above). ​
 ### At the 303 Training Center, we offer classes for adults and children of all levels ### ​ Whether you’re a complete beginner or an experienced grappler, wrestler, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner, kick boxer or MMA fighter the 303 Training Center has exactly what you need in a 2023 cutting edge Brazilian Jiu Jitsu / Martial Arts academy.
 ​
 Our instructors are dedicated professionals who will make sure you get the most out of every class. Developing your skills as well as build your confidence on the streets, mats and life in general! Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes are designed to be fun but also demanding so that you can progress quickly while still staying safe.
 ​
 ## Each class is tailored to your individual skill level so that you can learn at your own pace. ## ​ ###### We also offer kickboxing, wrestling and MMA for those who want to increase their cardiovascular endurance as well as learn more about self-defense techniques using wrestling techniques, boxing gloves and other equipment.​ ### We understand that our students need access to important news and updates regarding upcoming events such as MMA news, results, health tips, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu tournaments and seminars. ### ​ That’s why we have made it easy for them by creating this website as a tool they can utilize and stay up-to-date on everything that is happening at our training center including blogs about jiu jitsu, striking, self defense tips and techniques for improving their performance in competitions or self-defense scenarios.
 So if you’re looking for an excellent Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school near Westminster, Broomfield, Arvada, Federal Heights, Superior, Thornton, Northglenn, Boulder or Denver then look no further than the 303 Training Center – we promise that once you step foot inside our facility, you won’t want to leave! Browse around our website for more information on Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, important news updates, blogs or reach out directly so we can assist you with any questions or inquiries regarding our classes and instructors – we look forward to hearing from you soon!

 FREE CLASS!
 FULL SCHEDULE

 ## The Fine Art Of Mental Jiu Jitsu
 Book a class
 At some point, anxiety and stress affects everyone. It can be caused by anything and can manifest differently from person to person, and the level of anxiety one experiences can vary. But there is one thing for certain: when my anxiety levels are up with negative thoughts I remember one thing, I'm on a life journey, and jiu jitsu helps me conquer these mentally stressful situations.
 Jiu jitsu is really a magnificent way to deal with stress and anxiety because it helps you focus your energy in a positive way. The physicality of Jiu Jitsu allows you to release any built-up tension from your body. Additionally, it's an incredible workout that releases endorphins which make you feel better naturally without having to rely on medication or other means of dealing with stress and anxiety.
 Jiu Jitsu is also incredibly empowering as it teaches self-defense skills that can be used in real-life situations. Having the confidence that comes from knowing self-defense techniques help reduce feelings of stress and anxiety in people who practice Jiu Jitsu regularly. Not only does this help manage one’s mental health, but it also gives the tools needed to protect oneself in a dangerous situation.
 The benefits of jiu jitsu for managing stress and anxiety cannot be understated, it truly is an amazing art for both physical wellbeing as well as mental wellbeing! The high level of endorphins released from training causes positive feelings which are great for releasing symptoms of stress and relaxing the body. Plus, mastering self-defense techniques gives those who train more confidence in their daily lives which leads to even less stress!
 I know this firsthand because when I feel an anxiety attack building up, I remember that Jiu Jitsu is my outlet to facing my anxieties instead of running from them. After all it’s you against yourself in your mind and on the mats. You can always call upon your training for assistance and support during challenging times!
 -Sunny B ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​
 ​
 ​
 ​

 Book a class
 ​
 "A staple in the community"
 Since our founding in 2010, the 303 TRAINING CENTER has had the opportunity to enhance the lives of thousands of of our members and their families through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA and Kick Boxing. ​ ​
 We will help you acquire not only foundational Brazilian Jiu Jitsu skills, but also be a tool and resource to assist you achieve some of your long-life goals. 303 Training Center founder Professor Tony Basile, a father of 5, founded & opened the 303 Training Center in October of 2010. Located in the NEW downtown Westminster, 303 TRAINING CENTER offers one of the biggest schedules in the country and offers classes for the whole family and FREE Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to parents that sign their kids up for classes. 303 Training Center is World renowned and well Known as one of Colorado's premier Martial Arts Schools for authentic Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, Wrestling and MMA. ​
 ​
 We provide a safe fun atmosphere with a supportive healthy eco system of great people from all walks of life! We offer a very wide range of courses to support students from all backgrounds and levels. Our goal is to help you reach yours!
 ​
 For nearly 13 years, the 303 Training Center has been dedicated to providing its members with a safe, nurturing environment in which to develop their martial arts skills and life-skills.​
 The 303 Training Center is home to some of Colorado's premier martial arts classes for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Kickboxing, Wrestling and MMA. At the heart of the 303 Training Center is the belief that each individual's journey is unique. While they may be here to learn martial arts, they are also learning valuable life-skills that will serve them on their path forward. The instructors at 303 Training Center are experienced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu professionals who are passionate about helping their students reach their goals. Whether it be achieving a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt or improving self-confidence, every student can find success at 303 Training Center.
 The atmosphere at 303 Training Center is one of positive reinforcement and support. Each class is tailored to fit the student’s individual needs so that every student feels comfortable with their progress.​
 In addition, there are plenty of opportunities outside of class for members to get involved with events such as Grappling/ BJJ tournaments or seminars hosted by world-renowned martial artists and jiu jitsu Black Belts . These events provide an opportunity for members to test out what they have learned in a competitive setting while also having fun and building camaraderie with their peers at 303 Training Center. ​
 For over 12 years, the 303 Training Center has been dedicated to helping its members reach new heights both inside and outside of their martial arts practice.
 With a focus on providing quality instruction in an encouraging atmosphere combined with additional resources for personal development, it’s no wonder why so many have chosen this school as home base for reaching their goals . Whether you’re looking for a place where your child can learn self defense through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or you're looking for somewhere you can gain confidence through personal growth;303 Training Center has something for everyone! ​
 Sign up for a free week trial today! ​
 We promise you will only thank yourself because Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), kickboxing and wrestling are the gifts that just keep giving!​​​​ ​​​​ ​​​​​​ ​​​
 ​

 FREE CLASS WESTMINSTER
 FREE CLASS ARVADA

 ​
 ​ How to Choose the Best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu School in Your Area -
 # ​ A lso you are interested in Jiujitsu training. Is it possible? You don't know where to start. You ask friends who have found training venues nearby. What is Jiujitsu? Apparently your free trial at the school was wasted and you were disappointed. A little muddy area, the instructor seemed very concerned for the students. Choose a school that teaches Jiujitsu and has a high membership cost. Will you buy your own house or look for other houses to buy? Why do you prefer judo schools? ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​
 ​
 ​
 ​

 ## Some of our favorite videos!
 Play Video
 Play Video

 13:16

 stuartcooperfilms
 ### The Spirit Of Jiu Jitsu (Inspirational BJJ Video) For Jiujitsu Brotherhood Merchandise go to http://jjbgear.com or http://jiujitsubrotherhood.com From South Africa Nicolas Gregoriades is the first man to have received a black belt from the renowned Roger Gracie. Gregoriades is also an accomplished competitor and one of the founders of the “Jiu Jitsu Brotherhood”, a BJJ community with affiliates all over the world. As well as the aforementioned achievements, Nicolas Gregoriades was also part of the cast of “London Real” a successful online podcast and his current podcasts "Digital Communion" and "The Journey".

 Play Video
 Play Video

 01:34

 303 Training Center
 ### Omoplata to Matrix Guard back take at the 303 Training Center! Coach Eric showing some very slick techniques! Come check out Coach Eric at the 303 Training Center weeknights at 6:30!

 Play Video
 Play Video

 00:11

 303 Training Center
 ### 10 SECOND Flo-motion JIU-Jitsu w/ the 303 Training Center Great jiu jitsu flo with 303 Training Center fighter Danthony Muniz! Slow is smooth, smooth is quick! 303trainingcenter.com @303_Bjj

 Play Video
 Play Video

 39:02

 Sparta Sports and Entertainment
 ### Sparta 95 - KOS Pro Lightweight MMA Finals: LT Nelson v Luis Pena KOS Pro Lightweight Fight 3 of 3 Pro 155 lbs MMA Championship 5 Rounds / 5 mins ea Sparta Sports and Entertainment's Sparta 95 Fight Card continues with the King of Sparta Pro Lightweight Tournament MMA Finals; a Pro 155 lbs MMA Championship Bout featuring LT "Smash" Nelson as he takes on Luis "Violent Bob Ross" Pena. From the January 28, 2023 event at the Arapahoe County Fairgrounds Event Center in Aurora, CO. For upcoming event info, tickets, merch, and PPV Pre-orders, visit www.SpartaSE.com Video by Sparta Media Group / Custom music by @Rudeboymakesmusic

 Play Video
 Play Video

 55:33

 JAWS WESTのYouTube道場
 ### 【Gracie In Action 1】 グレイシー柔術・イン・アクション 1 グランドマスター・エリオ・グレイシーのヒストリーが収録された映像。 1950年に行われた日本の柔道家加藤や木村政彦との対戦から、1975年に行われたホリオン、ヘウソン、そして伝説のグレイシー、ホーウスによるグレイシーチームVS空手チームとの他流試合、ホリオン・グレイシーのアメリカでのキックボクシング王者との初のMMA試合、ヒクソン・グレイシーVSズール、他グレイシー柔術門下生の試合を収録。 HDに眠っていた貴重な映像を公開 #gracie #jiujitsu #グレイシー #柔術

 Play Video
 Play Video

 05:53

 CHRISTIAN197301
 ### ROYCE GRACIE VS WALLID ISMAIL ROYCE GRACIE VS WALLID ISMAIL

 Play Video
 Play Video

 03:27

 ngterr
 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: The Game of Human Chess Please visit www.AthleticBodyCare.com for all your athletic skin care needs! This is a short attempt to capture the beauty that is the martial art of brazilian jiu-jitsu in the world of mma and on the tatame. There is so much out there, that if I used everything, it would be many hours of footage. This is my video submission towards the Athletic Body Care video sponsorship contest for 2010. My name is Terry Ng and I am a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Blue Belt based out of Toronto, Canada. I love competing and training. Having the registration fees for tournaments covered would help me a great deal to be able to go out to different places to train and better my jiu jitsu game more often. I want to compete against the worlds best one day on the biggest stages of jiu jitsu. But to get there and develop, I need to train with and face the worlds best. Please help me get there! Please support me by viewing the video and sending it to others as well :) Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is life! The clips in the video were taken from a variety of youtube video sources. There is absolutely no intention on my part on any type of copyright infringement. If you see a clip that was from your video, I apologize for not creating a credit section. Please PM me and I will create a list of credits. The video was rushed for production. I apologize once again, PM me, and I will give credit ASAP.

 Play Video
 Play Video

 04:33

 Marcio Reis (Checkmat Japan BJJ)
 ### Essence of Jiu.Jitsu 100% #inspiration
