---
source_url: http://theacademyofbjj.com
final_url: https://theacademyofbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:16.572Z
---

# The Academy #### Empower Your Family With Jiu Jitsu. Get Started Today For Free!

 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Week Trial! ×

 ## Free Week Trial! Start your journey at The Academy with a FREE week trial! Experience our expert-led Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, and recovery services firsthand. No commitments, just results.

 Get Started!
 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Week Trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ## The Academy
 The Academy is the premier place to practice Jiu Jitsu in Goodlettsville, Tennessee. We provide the perfect balance between a family environment and a competitive space. Our community is rooted in growing closer with family while building a healthy competitive spirit. When you step onto the mat, you’re home. The Academy will help you become the best version of yourself among welcoming, like-minded peers and martial artists. Join us today and experience the culture for yourself!

 ## Shop The Team Store! Check out The Academy’s school store for all your training gear and apparel needs! From uniforms to equipment, we’ve got you covered. Visit us today and gear up for success!

 Visit Our Team Store!

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 ##
 #### About Us: The Academy team strives to make students well-rounded individuals on and off the mat. As a family-owned and operated martial arts academy, we take pride in being a one-stop shop for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. While you test your limits on the mat, we ensure comfort and strength within our state-of-the-art training facility. We have everything you may need including saunas, muscle recovery equipment, weight room, and even a physical therapist. You’re in good hands at The Academy. Ready to train under professional fighters? Take a look at everything we have to offer!
 #### Our History: Owner Jason Matherley began practicing martial arts in middle school and worked his way up as a teacher in 2013. His goal with opening The Academy was to alleviate the lack of spaces for the community to practice Jiu Jitsu in Goodlettsville. Before Jason opened The Academy, he would train an hour away. He needed a space to carry out his passion for martial arts, competition, and teaching. Today, Jason is an active competitor, striving to become a world champion while sharing his love for BJJ.

 ## Bigfoot Grappling Challenge! Come be a part of our 10th Bigfoot Grappling Challenge. Not only do we pride ourselves on being a fun well run event, but we also offer money prizes for all levels of competitors.

 Learn More!

 ## Meet The Academy Team
 ##### Our team at The Academy is dedicated to helping each student reach their full potential. ###### As passionate instructors, we aim to guide and support you through every step of your martial arts journey. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced practitioner, our team is here to create a positive and challenging environment where you can grow. With years of experience in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and martial arts, our instructors are committed to fostering discipline, confidence, and strength in every student. At The Academy, we take pride in providing expert instruction and a welcoming community that feels like family. Come meet the team and start your journey with us today!

 ### Jason Matherley
 Owner & Head Instructor
 2nd Degree Black Belt

 ### Dave Brocklehurst
 Advanced Instructor
 4th Degree Black Belt

 ### Kenny Gober
 Instructor
 1st Degree Black Belt

 ### Gabe Slone
 Instructor
 1st Degree Black Belt

 ### Greg Ritchie
 Kids Instructor
 Brown Belt

 ### Jaime Vasquez
 MMA Instructor
 Black Belt

 ### Jamie Pierceall
 Kids Instructor
 Purple Belt

 ### Sarah Taylor
 Kids Instructor
 Blue Belt

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule!

 #### Learn More About Our ## Programs
 ##### At The Academy, we provide a comprehensive martial arts experience for students of all ages and skill levels. ###### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program welcomes kids as young as 4 years old, offering them a foundation in discipline, respect, and self-confidence, while our MMA/striking program is perfect for kids 12 and up who want to develop striking techniques alongside their grappling skills. Our goal is to teach more than just martial arts. We focus on helping students grow both mentally and physically, empowering them to become the best version of themselves. Through training, they’ll learn invaluable life skills like perseverance, teamwork, and self-discipline, all within a supportive community. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced athlete, The Academy provides the tools and training needed to thrive. Join us in building strength, fostering friendships, and competing at the highest level. Become a part of Goodlettsville’s premier Jiu Jitsu academy today and start your journey of personal growth and achievement!

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Our BJJ program at The Academy is designed for both kids and adults, promoting skill development, self-defense, and physical fitness. For children aged 4 to 14, our classes focus on building confidence, discipline, and respect while introducing them to the fundamentals of BJJ in a fun and engaging environment. For adults aged 15 and up, our program offers a comprehensive approach to mastering techniques, improving physical conditioning, and enhancing mental toughness. No matter your age or skill level, our expert instructors are dedicated to guiding you through each step.
 - Kids (Ages 4-14) - Adults (15+)

 ## MMA & Striking
 Our MMA program focuses on striking techniques and is tailored for students ages 12 and up. This dynamic program combines elements of boxing, kickboxing, and Muay Thai, providing a well-rounded approach to combat sports. Students will learn essential striking skills, footwork, and defensive techniques while building strength and cardiovascular fitness. Our experienced instructors create an inclusive and motivating atmosphere, allowing students to challenge themselves and enhance their skills, whether they aim to compete or simply improve their overall fitness.
 - Ages 12+

 ## Muscle Recovery Services
 At The Academy, we understand that recovery is just as important as training, which is why we offer a range of muscle recovery services to support your wellness journey. Our facility features saunas to promote relaxation and detoxification, ice baths to reduce inflammation and speed up recovery time, and compression therapy to enhance circulation and alleviate soreness. Additionally, our red light therapy services help to reduce pain and promote healing at a cellular level. Whether you’re finishing a tough training session or looking to maintain peak performance, our muscle recovery services will help you recharge and prepare for your next challenge!
 - Saunas - Ice Baths - Compression Therapy - Red Light Therapy

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It!

 Such a great facility and have an awesome pro shop as well as a recovery facility on site. I truly enjoy getting down with them.

 Billy P.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 I’ve achieved, and exceeded, what I thought was possible for me in JiuJitsu because of the coaches and training partners at the Academy.

 Gabe S.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The three words to describe my experience training at the Academy over the past year are caring, welcoming & professional.

 Brent J.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The Academy is a wonderful gym with friendly and experienced trainers. My entire family loves going there. Highly recommend them!

 Farren S.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 This is the best place to train. My kids and myself have found Professor Jason and the staff to be both knowledgeable and personable.

 Justin H.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Great place to train! Highly recommend stopping by here if you’re in the Nashville area!

 Spencer W.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! The Academy welcomes nearby communities including Madison, White House, and Henderson to practice BJJ in Goodlettsville. We’re located inside Rivergate mall!

 (615) 992-3946
 matherleyj@gmail.com
 907 Rivergate Blvd, suite B4, Goodlettesville, TN 37072
 Get Directions

 ### The Academy 907 Rivergate Blvd, suite B4, Goodlettesville, TN 37072
 Get Directions
