---
source_url: http://www.truestrengthmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.truestrengthmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:33.338Z
---

## United Kempo & Gung-Fu Academies

 True Strength Martial Arts is dedicated to helping all of our students reach their full potential by honoring tradition and embracing the new so that they may find their True Strength.

 About
 ###### Martial Arts Programs We Offer:
 Try a Free Class Today!
 Little Ninjas Program - Ages 4-7
 The Little Ninjas Program works to meet the developmental needs of younger children in a way that is safe and fun! Younger children can find it difficult to control their bodies and behavior, get along with other kids, and to focus so that they can learn new things. Little Ninjas is a fun way to build the life skills children need to be successful!

 Youth Martial Arts - Ages 7-12
 ​ Our Youth Martial Arts Program focuses on developing young people not just physically, but emotionally and mentally as well. The life lessons learned during training can be life changing! We make sure classes are as fun as they are beneficial to your child.

 Teen Martial Arts - Ages 13-17
 Growing up can be hard for teenagers. It can be even harder on parents trying to guide them along the way. Our Teen Martial Arts program is designed with character building and mentoring built into the lessons to give them the keys to having successful lives!

 Adult Martial Arts - Ages 18+
 Martial arts for adults can be an empowering experience! Not only will it improve fitness, but also help with stress management, confidence, and social interaction. Make workouts fun while learning self-defense skills and strategies!

 Women's Self-Defense Classes
 ​ You don't have to be a black belt to have good self-defense! No prior experience needed! Learn the basic skills that will boost your confidence and empower you to live life your way!

 Japanese Sword Arts - Ages 13+
 Traditional Japanese sword discipline combining both the arts of Iaijutsu (sword drawing) with Kenjutsu (swordsmanship). Taught after completing yellow belt certification in Kempo & Gung-Fu program.

 ###### Try us Today!
 Widget Didn’t Load
 Check your internet and refresh this page.
 If that doesn’t work, contact us.

 ## -OUR MISSION-
 The mission of True Strength Martial Arts is to help all students discover their full potential by honoring martial arts traditions and values, while utilizing modern training methods. We help students embrace new ways of thinking to help them transform into the best version of themselves.
 True Strength Martial Arts is proud to be a representative of the United Kempo & Gung-Fu Academies founded by Grandmaster Monty L. Atchley. The martial arts systems of the United Kempo & Gung-Fu Academies are rooted in traditional arts, but is practiced with modern concepts and training methods. This combination has created an extremely well-rounded martial arts system well suited for the needs of modern students. The systems cover weapons; ground fighting, grappling, joint-locks, control tactics, striking, throwing, and even conflict de-escalation.

 True Strength Martial Arts has a lot to offer both beginners and martial arts veterans alike. The systems are adaptable to meet the needs of modern martial artists by staying open-minded while incorporating any new techniques or tactics needed to stay relevant in an ever-changing world.
 ​ ​
 -CREED-
 ​
 True strength comes from within. It is not dictated by circumstance, but rather by the choices we make and the mindset we decide to nurture. True strength is found by transforming our mindset from a failure mindset to a champion's mindset. Most of us have an incredible strength inside, but to unlock it we need a community willing to believe in us so we will be inspired to believe in ourselves. This transformation can be very difficult and most of us need help in making this change. We accomplish this by honoring the value of martial arts traditions while having the courage to embrace new challenges, new ways of thinking, and even new versions of ourselves.
 ​

 ###### Martial Arts Systems
 Shinjutsu Kempo Karate - A traditional Okinawan Karate mixed with joint locks, throws, and chokes. Similar to Japanese Jiu Jitsu.
 ​
 Kuai Shou Pai Gung Fu - A modern approach to Chinese martial arts utilizing trapping hand skills to nullify and control a stronger opponent. Focuses on using "softness" to overcome force and economy of motion.
 ​
 Shinjutsu Kempo Kenjutsu - Traditional Japanese sword discipline combining both the arts of Iaijutsu (sword drawing) with Kenjutsu (swordsmanship).
 ​
 Jeet Kune Do Principles - U.K.G.A.'s principles of JKD originally envisioned by the late Bruce Lee. Combines Kempo and Gung Fu techniques flowing together using JKD as the vehicle.
 ​
 Kobujitsu - Okinawan Weapons arts. Weapons included are: Yawara, Jo, Nunchaku, Sai, Bo, Tonfa, Kamas, and Tanto.
 ​
 Women's Self-Defense - One of the most complete Women's Self-Defense programs in the River Valley! No prior experience needed! Learn the basic skills that will boost your confidence and empower you to live life your way! We offer self-defense seminars to help keep good people safe. Maximum results for minimal training time. Perfect for men, women, teenagers, and college students.
 ​
 True Strength Martial Arts is a family oriented martial arts school focusing not only on the functionality of martial arts, but also developing the character of its practitioners. The goal is to make the practitioner the best martial artist he/she can be, so training methods are altered depending on training goals, body type, and interests.

 meet the staff
 ## MEET OUR STAFF
 # Master Dan Smith
 # -Owner & Chief Instructor- 6th Degree Black Belt/Black Sash
 Master Dan Smith began training with U.K.G.A. founder, Grandmaster Dr. Monty Atchley in 2001. He has been training for over 25 years and has earned several black belts in various martial arts disciplines. His passion to serve others and enrich their lives inspired him to create True Strength Martial Arts so that he could help others find their own potential and success in life.

 # Sensei Charles Lowery
 # -Instructor- 1st Degree Black Belt/Black Sash
 Sensei Charles Lowery has been training in martial arts since he was 8 years old. He began his training with U.K.G.A. years after he had earned a 2nd Degree Black Belt in Taekwondo. He has also earned a 1st Degree Black Belt in Kempo and his Black Sash in Gung-Fu. He is a very gifted and talented instructor who inspires his students with his work ethic and abilities.

 # Sensei Loren Lowe
 # -Instructor- 1st Degree Black Belt/Black Sash
 Sensei Loren Lowe has been training in martial arts since he was 9 years old. He holds a 1st degree black belt in Taekwondo and has years of experience in several other arts. He has also earned a 1st Degree Black Belt in Kempo and Black Sash in Gung-Fu. He loves the philosophies of the martial arts and how they can be used to enhance everyday life and help others find themselves through their martial arts journey.

 # Sensei Joshua Hogan
 # -Instructor- 1st Degree Black Belt/Black Sash
 Mr. Joshua Hogan comes from a working wrestling background. He has been training with us for many years and has proven himself a dedicated student and assistant instructor. He has become a successful sport karate competitor and karate champion. His work ethic and perseverance serves as an inspirational example for everyone.

 # Mark Galvan
 # -Assistant Instructor- Purple Belt/Blue Sash
 Mark Galvan, though quiet in nature, has the heart and compassion of a champion. His love of martial arts tradition and the art of Karate led him to our school. He works very hard to discipline his mind, body, and emotions every day. He leads by example with his work ethic and courage taking on new challenges in order to develop himself and to help others.

 # Logan Morris
 # -Children's Instructor- Purple Belt/Blue Sash
 Logan Morris is a legacy student as his father was one of the original students of the United Kempo & Gung-Fu Academies. He is a student and instructor of outstanding talent that inspires our kids every day by believing in them and developing their self-esteem. He also invests in the local youth as a volunteer assistant coach for one of the local sports teams making a difference in the community.

 # Micayla Howe
 # -Children's Instructor- Green Belt/Green Sash
 Micayla Howe began training with us looking to transform herself and discovered she was worth so much more than she had imagined! After transforming her self-esteem, confidence, and finding her courage, she was inspired to teach other young girls that they can do anything if they will just believe in themselves. She is passionate about transforming others and helping other women find their strength through martial arts training.

 # Micayla Howe
 # -Children's Instructor- Green Belt/Green Sash
 Micayla Howe began training with us looking to transform herself and discovered she was worth so much more than she had imagined! After transforming her self-esteem, confidence, and finding her courage, she was inspired to teach other young girls that they can do anything if they will just believe in themselves. She is passionate about transforming others and helping other women find their strength through martial arts training.

 Contact
 ## CONTACT US
 (479) 648-9400 | www.facebook.com/truestrengthmartialarts
 Email: fortsmithukga@gmail.com
 https://www.facebook.com/truestrengthmartialarts
 5111 Rogers Ave, Fort Smith, AR 72903

 **Located INSIDE River Valley Fitness at Central Mall**
 Entrance Located Below:
