---
source_url: https://www.cpamma.com/break-schedule-and-make-ups/
final_url: https://www.cpamma.com/break-schedule-and-make-ups/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:17.859Z
---

# BREAK SCHEDULE & MAKE UPS

 Here is the entire list of extended breaks (and gym events) that happen annually. CPAMMA follows the exact same schedule as the SCASD in regards to days off. No school, no Youth Martial Arts. Understand that we do not respond to emails/calls on days there are no class.

 ##### SCHEDULE Summer 2026 May 23rd – May 25th, 2026: Memorial Day Weekend (No Youth Classes) June 1st- June 13th, 2026: Pre-Test and Test June 15th, 2026: Belt Presentation (Time and Location TBD) June 15th-June 20th, 2026: Summer Break Part 1 (No Youth Classes) June 22nd, 2026: Classes resume per normal schedule | Fall 2025 September 1, 2025: Labor Day (No Youth Classes) September 2–13, 2025: Pre-Test and Test September 15–19, 2025: Belt Presentation (Receive belts during class times) October 2, 2025: Teacher Inservice (No Youth Classes) October 30–31, 2025: Teacher Inservice (No Youth Classes) November 24–29, 2025: Thanksgiving Break (No Youth Classes) December 22, 2025 – January 3, 2026: Winter Break (No Youth Classes) | Winter 2025–2026 October 2, 2025: Teacher Inservice (No Youth Classes) October 30–31, 2025: Teacher Inservice (No Youth Classes) November 24–29, 2025: Thanksgiving Break (No Youth Classes) December 8–20, 2025: Pre-Test and Test December 22, 2025: Belt Presentation (Alliance Church @ 6:30 PM) December 22, 2025 – January 3, 2026: Winter Break (No Youth Classes) January 5, 2026: Classes Resume as Usual | Spring 2026 January 19–20, 2026: No School SCASD (No Youth Classes) March 7–14, 2026: SCASD Spring Break (No Youth Classes) March 16–28, 2026: Pre-Test and Test March 20, 2026: SCASD Act 80 (No Youth Classes) March 30 – April 1, 2026: Belt Presentation (During regular class times) April 2 – April 4, 2026: SCASD Act 80 (No Youth Classes)

 This may not include all individual days that the SCASD might have off which means no YMA classes as CPAMMA does not make up single days unless it is a gym event. If you are concerned about your child missing one or more of the 4 required classes per month, please see the MAKEUP section below. We recommend planning in advance to avoid numerous days off during a semester.

 ##### MAKEUPS Here are the details regarding your child’s Youth Martial Arts class and makeups:
 Days when classes are not being held (due to a seminar or gym trip) are listed above.
 - Classes must be made up during the current semester. All makeup classes will be done during the weeks of Pre-test & Test for that particular semester. This is due to the fact that will we will adding extra staffing during those weeks to accommodate extra children. If a class is missed due to weather and we see the need to make it up we will do so at the end of the semester. Classes missed from one semester cannot be made up the next semester.
 - Please understand that days missed (especially in the winter months) is expected and already built into the schedule due to your child only required to make 1 class per week (1 main day and 1 backup day). Please understand that we maintain a strict teacher/student ratio. We need email confirmation before the makeup class in order to make sure we have appropriate staffing. If you show up & have not confirmed via email, you will be turned away & asked to reschedule. Moreover, if the class is full you will need to choose another day for a makeup.
 - Scheduling your makeup classes as early as possible will help avoid any such issues. We will not make up holidays that the State College Area School District has off or national holidays during the summer. However we do allow for makeups of a child’s main day during “extended breaks” such as Thanksgiving Break, Winter Break, Spring Break, Easter Break and Summer Break (1 class per break week). Single days off from school / off from YMA are not eligible for makeups. - Children missing due to COVID (exposure, sickness, etc.) are not eligible for makeups. Please simply have your child come to both their main day and backup day when they return. There are no exceptions.
 - Missed classes from one semester cannot be made up during the next semester. For instance, making up a class missed during the winter semester during the spring semester. We want to make sure that classes are staffed correctly in order to handle any additional students. A safe student to teacher ratio is of the utmost importance to us.
 (Pease email info@cpamma.com to schedule your makeup)
 Children cannot makee up a classes due to illness, family vacation, etc. See below:
 For first time memebers (not returning) your child’s membership price of $99.00 is already adjusted to 1/2 off in order to take in to account days off, breaks, vacations, sick days, etc. Our standard rate for Youth membership at CPAMMA is $199 per month assuming a student can make all of the classes. In addition we allow Youth students to have 1 main day per week and 1 backup day to help make up for days missed. In the event that a day is missed, they can come to the backup day.
 **Only 50% (4 of the 8) classes per month are required for a student to test. However, we encourage all students to come to both the main day and backup day each week if they can!**
 If you would rather be able to make up days for your child being sick, vacations, etc. you can convert your membership to the standard rate ($199/Mo) for one class a week. Although we recommend having the backup day each week to help make up for missed days. Please read more about the differences here: http://www.mmapayments.com/cpamma/membership-policies/
