---
source_url: https://www.cpamma.com/programs/
final_url: https://www.cpamma.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:23.178Z
---

### Classes & Programs # Program Overview

 ### Striking Our Striking program consists of Muay Thai & Boxing. Learn the punches of Boxing along with the kicks, knees and elbows of Muay Thai in an upbeat, safe and fun environment. No experience necessary! For those of you interested, competitive opportunities are available. To date CPAMMA students have earned 10+ different Muay Thai titles in numerous weight classes, both male and female! Add Grappling and Striking together for our Mixed Martial Arts program! Meant for teens and adults.

 ### Grappling Our grappling program consists of Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Learn the takedowns from wrestling blended with the submissions of Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and controlled environment meant for beginners all the way to experts! Add Grappling and Striking together for our Mixed Martial Arts program! Meant for teens and adults.

 ### Youth Martial Arts CPAMMA hosts the largest, longest running Youth program in the area. With over 200+ children in the program, parents have the opportunity to pick from three different time slots per day for children as young as three and as old as teenagers. Children are taught manners, respect and discipline through the Merit Badge Program and how to work well with others while learning Martial Arts!

 ### Women’s Kickboxing This Women’s Only program is the exact same as our Striking program but meant for Women Only. Learn from multiple time female world champions in a safe, fun and upbeat environment! Meant for teens and adults.

 Join Our Family
 ## Classes & Programs

 ##### Women's Kickboxing Get a workout like never before in this positive, upbeat class. Whether you are interested in losing weight, toning muscle, or becoming a competitive athlete, this class is for you! Classes include quality technique instruction, intense kickboxing drills, high-cardio partner drills, and plenty of floor conditioning and core exercise. Our Women's Kickboxing Program is taught by certified muay thai instructors and thai boxing champions, all in a fun, laid-back atmosphere.
 Classes are made to burn calories, lose weight, increase strength, and pave the way to a happier, healthier YOU! Experience what the hype is all about!

 Schedule Your Free Trial

 ##### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Made famous by the Gracie family, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art based on grappling and ground fighting techniques. The aim of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is to control and subdue a larger and stronger opponent through the use of superior techniques, leverage, and body mechanics. With an emphasis on technical grappling rather than striking, students are able to practice with varying levels of intensity, decreasing the threat of serious injuries which can sometimes occur in other martial arts.
 We train with progressive resistance in a fun, relaxed, and friendly environment. You will learn takedowns, pin escapes, sweeps (reversals), chokes, joint locks, and much more! Whether your goals are self-defense, competition, or just to have fun, there is a place for you at our gym!

 Schedule Your Free Trial

 ##### Muay Thai & Boxing Our Striking program consists of two main influences; Muay Thai & Boxing. Muay Thai Kick Boxing; the art and science of eight limbs, is quickly being recognized as the most complete and beneficial striking art for the modern striker. Muay Thai, translated into English as Thai Boxing, is the national sport of Thailand and is a martial art with origins in the ancient battlefield tactics of the Siamese army. Thai training methods develop devastating power, insurmountable speed, and superb cardiovascular endurance.
 This class is for people interested specifically in stand-up fighting, or for those looking to compliment their ground game. Striking classes are structured with a cardio warm-up, 30 minutes of technique and drilling taught by our world-class certified Muay Thai Instructors, and 30 minutes of high-intensity rounds ranging from pad work, to heavy-bag work, to sparring.
 Ajarn Ryan Gruhn has led a number of fighters into the ring and onto successful and winning careers in Muay Thai. Whether you are looking to compete, or looking for a great work-out, this is the place for you!

 Schedule Your Free Trial

 ##### Youth Martial Arts Our mission with Youth Martial Arts is to provide a character development program to the area's youth through martial arts. We want to provide children with a constructive outlet for their energy while gaining the attributes and qualities parents strive for in their children.
 We specialize in strengthening students self confidence, discipline, focus, leadership skills, respect for others, perseverance and integrity all while giving them an activity which will physically challenge their bodies and mentally stimulate their minds. This combination leads to a program which drives students to work hard and set goals not only in martial arts but in all walks of life.
 For ages 5+ this class is meant to fulfill the active needs that youth have throughout their school years. We strive to have a Martial Arts class full of fun, friends and fitness! The classes are filled with physically challenging and mentally stimulating material that is catered to all ages of the youth program.
 In Youth Martial Arts we use our Martial Arts as a means of enriching our lives and helping our bodies and minds grow. Because of this we do not use our Martial Arts to hurt other people. In Youth Martial Arts, we view all techniques that the youth learn as tools, not weapons. The students are rewarded for their efforts via the belt ranking system where the children can achieve the rank of black belt.

 Schedule Your Free Trial

 ##### Reality Based MMA Reality Based Mixed Martial Arts focuses on the arts and techniques known to be successful in resolving real life situations. Rather than focusing on Sport Fighting (one on one), RBMMA looks at fighting when there are no rules which can lead to multiple attackers, weapons and many other variables. As such, RBMMA trains students to learn the difference between sport oriented techniques and survival oriented techniques. This class is for the person interested in the sport side of Mixed Martial Arts but training it for real life situations.
 RBMMA pulls influences from all of the arts inside MMA (Muay Thai, Boxing, Wrestling, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu) but also gives credit to the Filipino Martial Arts, Krabi-Krabong, Burmese Boxing, Silat and other weapon oriented arts. Additionally, in most real life situations weight classes are not an option. We make sure to train as such where everyone trains with everyone regardless of size or skill level.
 This class is taught by Guro Ryan "Guard Dog” Gruhn; a Dog Brothers Martial Arts and in Filipino Martial Arts (Kali / Escrima / Silat / Arnis) under the Inosanto lineage. Guro Guard Dog has fought at multiple Gatherings and has ended a number of his fights in multiple organizations by submission, KO and TKO.

 Schedule Your Free Trial

 ##### Mixed martial arts Our Mixed Martial Arts class synergizes the four key elements of today's popular "Mixed Martial Arts" as seen in the UFC. These four elements are Boxing, Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and Wrestling.
 While other local programs clump all of these areas into one class only a few days a week, we like to ensure you are getting top level instruction in each area by instructors who specialize in each discipline. Students in the MMA program take classes in Muay Thai, Boxing, Jiu-Jitsu, and Wrestling, in order to really be able to hone-in on each skill set. This ultimately builds fighters who are well rounded, and avoids the "Jack of all trades, master of none" paradox.

 Schedule Your Free Trial

 ## Your First Class is on Us If you are unsure if you want to add Martial Arts to your weekly fitness routine you can try out a class at CPAMMA first to see if it is a good fit. We recommend watching all of our videos to decide which program looks the most interesting. For those of you who know you want to sign up, and what you want to sign up for, you get the most specials possible when you sign up before your first class.

 Get this Deal

 ## Classes For All Fitness Levels No need to get in shape before starting at CPAMMA! We accept people of all fitness levels, experience levels and ages! We have people who start almost every day so you will fit right in if you don’t have any experience. If you do have experience you will feel at home as well!

 ##### Weight Loss Our programs have become a proven way of losing weight and getting in shape through fun, upbeat classes.
 Striking classes consist of a dynamic warm up, partner drills, along with a bag and pad workout like no other! 30-45 minutes of cardio where you set your own pace followed by abs after every class!
 Grappling includes a dynamic warm up followed by technical instruction and ends with 30-60 minutes of cardio!

 Register

 ##### Cardio All of our adult classes include 30-60 minutes of cardio set at the student’s pace. If you are a beginner, the workouts allow you to set a comfortable pace while experienced athletes can push themselves for the ultimate workout.

 Register

 ##### Strength Training Our programs have become second to none in increasing strength and lean muscle, while maintaining a high energy, fun environment! Through repetitive punching and kicking in our striking classes, our students develop significant strength in their shoulders, arms, chest, legs, hips and buttocks.
 Our Jiu-Jitsu program also offers an all-over strength make-over, focusing primarily on the core muscle groups. Through continuous give-and-take of body weight, transitions between positions, and resistence between holds and submissions, your stomach, chest, and back go through a strength transformation like no other.

 Register

 ##### Flexibility As we get older, decreases in flexibility can often make even day-to-day activities seem unnecessarily taxing. Our programs at CPAMMA will increase flexibility in all fitness levels. Each class is structured with a warm-up taylored to loosen joints and relax muscles. Students start at a level that is most complimentary to their flexbility level, and progress only when they are ready.

 Register

 ##### Technical Ability All of the classes at Central PA Mixed Martial Arts are taught by certified instructors. Though our instructors have been incredibly successful and competitive in their perspective arts, they have also gone through years and years of teacher training, to assure the highest quality instruction in every class. Each class at CPAMMA begins with 30 minutes of technique. Technical mastery is top priority to us, as it is absolutely necessary in order to achieve a safe, high-intensity, and successful martial arts experience.

 Register

 ##### Competitions CPAMMA is one of the most competitive schools on the East Coast. With over 10+ Muay Thai titles and one of the largest Jiu-Jitsu teams in Pennsylvania, if you are looking to compete, you have come to the right place. Some CPAMMA students have made it to the pinnicale of fighting by competing in organizations such as the UFC and Bellator.

 Register

 CPAMMA

 ### STRIKING.GRAPPLING.WEAPONS ## CPAMMA

 ### "UP TO 1 MONTH FREE!"
 Get STarted

 ### Gym H0urs Mon: 11:40am – 9pm
 Tue: 11am – 9pm
 Wed: 11:40am – 9pm
 Thu: 11am – 9pm
 Fri: 4:30pm – 7:30pm
 Sat: 11:40 am – 4pm
 Sun: 6am – 10pm
