---
source_url: https://www.cpamma.com/grappling
final_url: https://www.cpamma.com/grappling/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:32.182Z
---

bjj

 ### GI & NO-GI GRAPPLING # BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 Get Started Today

 ## bjj Program Schedule

 Gi:
 M/W @ 11:40AM & 9PM
 T/Th @ 7AM & 6:30PM
 M/W @ 5:15PM (Teens Only)
 No-Gi:
 M/W @ 7:15PM
 T/Th @ 10:45AM (Rolling into Pro Practice)
 S @ 11:40AM
 Open Mats:
 F @ 5:30PM
 S/SU @ 2PM
 After Class Rolling:
 M/W 12:40-1PM
 T/Th @ 8PM-10PM
 **Note that we recommend finding a buddy for Open Mats.**

 Learn More

 ### As Low As ## $3/day

 Our Grappling program consists of our Gi Jiu-Jitsu & No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu. Black Belts teaching All Levels classes! We offer specials that are available the day of your first class including 1/2 off our standard rate and up to 1 month free! Sign up before your first class and save even more!

 Join Now

 ## First Class is on Us If you are unsure if you want to add Martial Arts to your weekly fitness routine you can try out a class at CPAMMA first to see if it is a good fit. We recommend watching all of our videos to decide which program looks the most interesting. For those of you who know you want to sign up, and what you want to sign up for, you get the most specials possible when you sign up before your first class.

 Get this Deal
 ## ## ## ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport based on ground fighting and submission holds. BJJ focuses on the skill of taking an opponent to the ground, controlling one’s opponent, gaining a dominant position, and using a number of techniques to force them into submission via joint locks or chokeholds.

 ## ## ## ## Catch Wrestling Catch wrestling is a classical hybrid grappling style and combat sport. It was developed by J. G. Chambers in Britain c. 1870. It was popularised by wrestlers of travelling funfairs who developed their own submission holds, or “hooks”, into their wrestling to increase their effectiveness against their opponents.

 ## ## ## ## Women’s Grappling CPAMMA has the largest group of females training in Central PA. From brand new White Belts to experienced upper belts and pro Mixed Martial Arts fighters and Grapplers. CPAMMA’s ladies are here to welcome you into the classes and make sure you feel at home!

 ## ## ## ## Youth/Teen CPAMMA has classes for Youth and Teens in Grappling (Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & No-Gi Grappling)! Competitive opportunities available. Classes taught by upper belts with 20+ years of teaching youth/teens in the State College area!

 ## BJJ LINEAGE

 ## CATCH LINEAGE

 ## “

 ## Testimonials

 Join the Movement

 From my first class to my first competition, CPAMMA has been the most incredible, supportive and enjoyable team I have ever had to pleasure to be a part of! Not only have I received world class training, had incredible training partners, but also have developed life long friendships.
 If you are thinking of taking up bjj, just come in and do it! I remember being nervous before my first class. But from that day on, it’s been the best, most friendly and supportive atmosphere. I’ve had a very great experience with this gym. The teachers are very friendly easy to talk to and ask questions. The instructor at CPAMMA doesn’t mind spending time explaining the technique and helping you work on it. I feel like I have improved as much as I possibly can in the amount of time that I’ve spent there, would still be attending hadn’t I moved from the area.

 Nathan Sopic Jiu-Jitsu

 I have traveled all over training BJJ and can say that CPMMA is one of the great gyms out there. Their facility was clean and well equipped. Their staff was friendly and Ryan, the coach, did a great job and his quality of instruction was apparent in the skill and overall friendliness of all the students I met. I am excited to visit this gym again in the future.

 Travis Cowles Jiu-Jitsu

 BJJ

 ### Bigger.Faster.Stronger ## CPAMMA

 ### "Up to 1 month free!"
 Get STarted

 ### Gym Hours Mon: 11:40am-1pm, 4:30pm-10pm
 Tue: 11:40am-1pm, 4:30pm-10pm
 Wed: 11:40am-1pm, 4:30pm-10pm
 Thu: 11:40am-1pm, 4:30pm-10pm
 Fri: 4:30pm-6:30pm
 Sat: 11:40 am-3pm
 Sun: 2pm
 NOTE: Door may be locked for select classes.
 If you are a first time visitor, always email CPAMMA first.
