---
source_url: https://gardenstatebjj.com/program/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://gardenstatebjj.com/program/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:00.148Z
---

# Reach Your Potential With Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Reap the benefits of good health, a toned physique, and supreme confidence with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) training. Strengthen your entire body by practicing BJJ and learn to defend yourself with proven fighting techniques. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu will renew your sense of self-respect and reveal your inner strength.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 New to BJJ? GET STARTED WITH OUR WEB SPECIAL!
 2 WEEKS OF FUNDAMENTALS CLASSES FOR $19!
 *Trial offer is only available for "Fundamentals Class" sign-ups only and first-time GSBJJ students who live within 15 miles of the academy.

 - Full Name* - Email Address* - Phone Number*

 By checking this box, you agree to receive SMS messages from Garden State Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Review our privacy policy and terms & conditions for more information.
 If you would like to receive text message communication, text START to this phone number: 9084333025 from Garden State Brazilian Ju-Jitsu Academy. You will be opt-in to text messages. Message frequency varies and may include appointment reminders or service offers. Message and data rates may apply. You may opt-out at any time by replying STOP at any time to end or unsubscribe. For assistance, reply HELP or contact us at 908-433-3025. See our Privacy Policy for details on how we handle your information.

 DO YOU EXPERIENCE
 ## ANY OF THESE ISSUES?
 Do you find it hard to burn fat and shed pounds?/

 Are you struggling with negative body image or low self-confidence?

 Do you feel the need to learn how to defend yourself?

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU IS FOR EVERYONE Anybody can practice BJJ because the secret of the fastest-growing martial art involves mastering the use of your body weight to defend yourself against an attacker. This is great for both self-defense and getting in shape.

 ## GARDEN STATE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ADULT CLASSES Defend yourself by studying the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu self-defense techniques. Enjoy dramatic results in how your body looks and functions. Lose weight, tone your muscles, and strengthen, your self-image by learning how to fight taller, bigger opponents with speed, agility, and a proven Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu game plan.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 New to BJJ? GET STARTED WITH OUR WEB SPECIAL!
 2 WEEKS OF FUNDAMENTALS CLASSES FOR $19!
 *Trial offer is only available for "Fundamentals Class" sign-ups only and first-time GSBJJ students who live within 15 miles of the academy.

 - Full Name* - Email Address* - Phone Number*

 By checking this box, you agree to receive SMS messages from Garden State Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Review our privacy policy and terms & conditions for more information.
 If you would like to receive text message communication, text START to this phone number: 9084333025 from Garden State Brazilian Ju-Jitsu Academy. You will be opt-in to text messages. Message frequency varies and may include appointment reminders or service offers. Message and data rates may apply. You may opt-out at any time by replying STOP at any time to end or unsubscribe. For assistance, reply HELP or contact us at 908-433-3025. See our Privacy Policy for details on how we handle your information.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU TONES YOUR BODY AND STRENGTHENS YOUR METABOLISM Transform our body by joining our fun, encouraging community. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu forces students to challenge their self-assumptions and demonstrate new capabilities that they didn’t even know they possessed.
 BJJ helps build muscles and burn fat while developing renewed confidence. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu merges cardio work with strength training to help you body reinvent itself as a wholly optimized fighting machine.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU EMPOWERS YOU TO DEFEND YOURSELF Throw your fears out the window and learn to defend yourself. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu trains your body to work in ways you cannot imagine.
 Designed specifically for self-defense situations, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches you to apply practical, efficient defensive techniques, such as chokeholds, armbars, and leglocks. Neutralize your opponents’ advantages by taking them to the ground and using angles of attack and your own bodyweight to subdue them.

 ## STUDENTS OF BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU SOAR WITH SELF-ESTEEM Submit your first opponent and notice the mental and emotional changes that it brings to your daily life. Students of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu know that confidence and self-respect remain central to our daily mental states, which extends to our bodies in how we carry ourselves.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu makes you body strong and agile, allowing you to accomplish feats that you never thought possible.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU WILL CHALLENGE YOU Satisfy your desire to compete with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. You will experience success and failure throughout your BJJ journey but ultimately be rewarded for working hard.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is both a sport and a high quality effective self-defense system. It will train you to live your life in a balanced way and exude confidence wherever you go.

 Tara Rescinio
 All coaches and head instructors are super helpful, as well as fellow training partners. From beginners to advanced the moves will challenge you. Kids learn moves super fast and have fun.

 Robert Simone
 Great place to train. Tons of experience at all levels. Great place for kids as well. Chris is an awesome teacher along with everyone who takes time to help out in class. Couldn’t ask for more. The Jiu Jitsu and kickboxing is a level above the rest.

 Rob Mcburnie
 For years I have given myself reasons or excuses why I don't have time to pursue Jiu-Jitsu, I finally joined Garden State BJJ after wanting to for a long time. The people here are awesome, everyone has been friendly and supportive. The class schedule has been great and easy to attend. After an hour class I walk out of there feeling better physically, relieved of stress mentally and satisfied with how much I had just learned, The workouts and technical approach to BJJ has been so much fun and I can't wait until the next class! The experience so far has exceeded my expectations, my only regret is that I didn't join sooner.

 Matthew Negron
 This is the best place to train at. The class times are great to work around my schedule. You are always pushed to work to hard and the whole team makes you feel like you’re a family. Everyone really cares and wants to see your improvement.

 Matthew Meyerkopf
 Stopped in for some training while I was in the area and was very impressed with the facility, instruction, and overall atmosphere. I will definitely drop in any time I am in town!

 Marialis Monchek
 I enrolled my son then 6 yr old son, almost 5 months ago and I am amazed at the impact it has had on him. Several friends and family members have commented on how much his focus and attention have improved, and I attribute it to jiu-jitsu 100%, as not much else has changed. I see how the coaches command and maintain the kids' focus. I particularly like Coach Gino's style of giving them consequences for not paying attention or talking in class (a consequence might be sitting out a game). For my son this has worked wonderfully. All the coaches are amazing. I can't say enough good things about Garden State Brazilian Jiu-jitsu and coaches, so I am happy to see my son's progress reflect their work and dedication.

 Ken Erb
 My experience with Garden State Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has been nothing but positive. The instructors are of the highest caliber, providing relevant and personalized instruction, as well as appropriately leveled training. All of my training partners have been friendly and helpful as well. GSBJJ is the exact kind of school I was looking for and I hope to train there for many years to come. I would recommend it to anyone interested in BJJ.

 Elena Afliatunova
 Very good school. My kids love it.

 Charles Anttonen
 Great atmosphere. I came to Garden State BJJ with zero prior experience and cannot recommend it enough.

 Brandon Zenner
 My 7 year old daughter began classes a few months ago, and I can't express how impressed I am with the studio and staff. The classes are not only teaching her valuable martial arts techniques, she's learning to be disciplined, getting a great workout, all while having a great time. If you're on the fence between this studio and another one, I highly recommend going with this school.

 B L
 One of the best places to train in the area. Whether you are just dropping in for a class, attending a seminar or beginning your Jiu Jitsu journey, Garden State Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has what your looking for. The coaching staff is phenomenal and fellow members of the gym are always warm and welcoming. Highly recommended.

 Anthony Sarci
 I began my training back in March 2021, and was welcomed with open arms by not only Chris and Julian, two amazing coaches. But by all the other members no matter what rank they may be everyone is always willing to help out and better ourselves. If you’re thinking of a New Years resolution list, I would definitely put on begin training at garden state BJJ on there!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 New to BJJ? GET STARTED WITH OUR WEB SPECIAL!
 2 WEEKS OF FUNDAMENTALS CLASSES FOR $19!
 *Trial offer is only available for "Fundamentals Class" sign-ups only and first-time GSBJJ students who live within 15 miles of the academy.

 - Full Name* - Email Address* - Phone Number*

 By checking this box, you agree to receive SMS messages from Garden State Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Review our privacy policy and terms & conditions for more information.
 If you would like to receive text message communication, text START to this phone number: 9084333025 from Garden State Brazilian Ju-Jitsu Academy. You will be opt-in to text messages. Message frequency varies and may include appointment reminders or service offers. Message and data rates may apply. You may opt-out at any time by replying STOP at any time to end or unsubscribe. For assistance, reply HELP or contact us at 908-433-3025. See our Privacy Policy for details on how we handle your information.

 ## FAQs
 Do I need prior martial arts training to study Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 You can join the beginner class without possessing any martial arts knowledge or ability. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is open to everyone at all levels.

 Will I be able to defend myself by training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Yes. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu trains people in self-defense. The whole idea behind Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu involves teaching students to use leverage to immobilize taller, stronger individuals.

 Do I need any martial arts gear to practice BJJ?
 As a student of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, you will need to wear a Gi, which is our official attire. You should consider athletic tape and a mouthguard.

 Will I lose weight by taking Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classess?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu will help you put on muscle, burn fat, and become more agile. If you eat right and avoid unhealthy habits, you should enjoy a more active metabolism and lose weight.

 Will I have to spar as a beginner BJJ student?
 No. Beginner classes are designed for learning the basics of BJJ self-defense techniques in a safe environment. Sparring activities will take place at a later stage in your training.

 ## MORE BENEFITS
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training relieves stress and anxiety and increases mental well-being.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu helps build strength, flexibility, and endurance.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu improves cardiovascular fitness and overall health.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu strengthens the mind-body connection, improves concentration, and encourages discipline and goal-setting.
