---
source_url: https://gardenstatebjj.com
final_url: https://gardenstatebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:01.400Z
---

- - - - -

 5 Rating

 # Middletown Jiu Jitsu & Fitness Reach Your Full Potential With Garden State Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy At Garden State Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we remain committed to helping you achieve your goals. Become a member with today’s exclusive online offer! Request more information about how to start your journey today.

 - - - - -

 5 Rating

 # Middletown Jiu Jitsu & Fitness Reach Your Full Potential Garden State Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy At Garden State Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we remain committed to helping you achieve your goals. Become a member with today’s exclusive online offer! Inquire online for more information about how to start your journey today.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 VIEW OUR WEB SPECIAL ON
 2 WEEKS OF CLASSES!
 Secure your spot & get started today with our EXCLUSIVE online offer!
 Trusted by 500 members
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ on Google

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids Program (Ages 4 – 15) Adults Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 16+) -

 By checking this box, you agree to receive SMS messages from Garden State Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Review our privacy policy and terms & conditions for more information.
 If you would like to receive text message communication, text START to this phone number: 9084333025 from Garden State Brazilian Ju-Jitsu Academy. You will be opt-in to text messages. Message frequency varies and may include appointment reminders or service offers. Message and data rates may apply. You may opt-out at any time by replying STOP at any time to end or unsubscribe. For assistance, reply HELP or contact us at 908-433-3025. See our Privacy Policy for details on how we handle your information.

 GET STARTED TODAY
 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Kids Program (Ages 4 – 15)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Adults Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 16+)
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with GSBJJ Academy's BJJ classes!
 View Program

 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY AND STRENGTH WHILE LEARNING SELF-DEFENSE Designed specifically for self-defense situations, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches you to apply practical, efficient defensive techniques, such as chokeholds, armbars, and leglocks. Neutralize your opponents’ advantages by taking them to the ground and using angles of attack and your own bodyweight to subdue them.
 BJJ also helps build muscles and burn fat while developing renewed confidence. Merging cardio work with strength training, your body will be trained to reinvent itself as a wholly optimized fighting machine.
 VIEW OUR BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU PROGRAM

 Tara Rescinio
 All coaches and head instructors are super helpful, as well as fellow training partners. From beginners to advanced the moves will challenge you. Kids learn moves super fast and have fun.

 Robert Simone
 Great place to train. Tons of experience at all levels. Great place for kids as well. Chris is an awesome teacher along with everyone who takes time to help out in class. Couldn’t ask for more. The Jiu Jitsu and kickboxing is a level above the rest.

 Rob Mcburnie
 For years I have given myself reasons or excuses why I don't have time to pursue Jiu-Jitsu, I finally joined Garden State BJJ after wanting to for a long time. The people here are awesome, everyone has been friendly and supportive. The class schedule has been great and easy to attend. After an hour class I walk out of there feeling better physically, relieved of stress mentally and satisfied with how much I had just learned, The workouts and technical approach to BJJ has been so much fun and I can't wait until the next class! The experience so far has exceeded my expectations, my only regret is that I didn't join sooner.

 Matthew Negron
 This is the best place to train at. The class times are great to work around my schedule. You are always pushed to work to hard and the whole team makes you feel like you’re a family. Everyone really cares and wants to see your improvement.

 Matthew Meyerkopf
 Stopped in for some training while I was in the area and was very impressed with the facility, instruction, and overall atmosphere. I will definitely drop in any time I am in town!

 Marialis Monchek
 I enrolled my son then 6 yr old son, almost 5 months ago and I am amazed at the impact it has had on him. Several friends and family members have commented on how much his focus and attention have improved, and I attribute it to jiu-jitsu 100%, as not much else has changed. I see how the coaches command and maintain the kids' focus. I particularly like Coach Gino's style of giving them consequences for not paying attention or talking in class (a consequence might be sitting out a game). For my son this has worked wonderfully. All the coaches are amazing. I can't say enough good things about Garden State Brazilian Jiu-jitsu and coaches, so I am happy to see my son's progress reflect their work and dedication.

 Ken Erb
 My experience with Garden State Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has been nothing but positive. The instructors are of the highest caliber, providing relevant and personalized instruction, as well as appropriately leveled training. All of my training partners have been friendly and helpful as well. GSBJJ is the exact kind of school I was looking for and I hope to train there for many years to come. I would recommend it to anyone interested in BJJ.

 Elena Afliatunova
 Very good school. My kids love it.

 Charles Anttonen
 Great atmosphere. I came to Garden State BJJ with zero prior experience and cannot recommend it enough.

 Brandon Zenner
 My 7 year old daughter began classes a few months ago, and I can't express how impressed I am with the studio and staff. The classes are not only teaching her valuable martial arts techniques, she's learning to be disciplined, getting a great workout, all while having a great time. If you're on the fence between this studio and another one, I highly recommend going with this school.

 B L
 One of the best places to train in the area. Whether you are just dropping in for a class, attending a seminar or beginning your Jiu Jitsu journey, Garden State Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has what your looking for. The coaching staff is phenomenal and fellow members of the gym are always warm and welcoming. Highly recommended.

 Anthony Sarci
 I began my training back in March 2021, and was welcomed with open arms by not only Chris and Julian, two amazing coaches. But by all the other members no matter what rank they may be everyone is always willing to help out and better ourselves. If you’re thinking of a New Years resolution list, I would definitely put on begin training at garden state BJJ on there!

 ## DISCIPLINE, CONFIDENCE & RESPECT Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes can be a productive and nurturing environment for your child’s character, giving them building blocks for success and courage to stay true to what’s right, even when you’re not nearby.
 Not only will they get healthier as they learn martial arts, they’ll also learn the value of self-discipline and respect. When you enroll your child in Garden State Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy’s kids classes, you’re giving them the opportunity to thrive.
 VIEW OUR KIDS BJJ PROGRAM

 WHY LOCALS PREFER US
 ## THE GARDEN STATE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ACADEMY ADVANTAGE
 Purpose
 We remain dedicated to helping you find your purpose and meet your goals. We will instill a sense of confidence, self-esteem, and health that will stay with you for the rest of your life.

 Connection
 Interact with our friendly, encouraging community. Discover like-minded individuals who have embarked on a similar journey.

 Education
 Receive well-rounded physical and mental training from our experienced instructors. We emphasize safety and engagement by constantly creating new, immersive experiences.

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## RECENT BLOGS
 Protect Your Heart with Martial Arts
 Every year, the American Heart Association celebrates Heart Month to raise awareness about heart disease and heart health. What you may not know is that martial arts are great for the heart. In fact, the cardiac benefits of martial arts give a whole new meaning to the idea of cardiovascular fitness. With that in mind, […]
 READ MORE »

 The Positive Effects of Martial Arts for a Child in School
 Grade school can be quite the experience for any child. It is a place where a child not only learns academically but one where a child must learn to socialize and function in the world. Unfortunately, there are a lot of negative experiences that a child may have when going through school. Whatever those experiences […]
 READ MORE »
