---
source_url: http://www.risecombatsf.com/private-sessions
final_url: https://risecombatsf.com/private-sessions
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:28.243Z
---

# PRIVATE SESSIONS #### Achieve your fitness goals with one of our many talented trainers. Interested in a one-on-one class instead of a group class? Our gym offers private sessions to help you attain your fitness and/or fighting goals. Our experienced trainers will work with you to develop a personalized fitness plan that meets your needs. From Muay Thai to HIIT circuits, we have everything you need. Rates range between $100 - $150, depending on the trainer.

 ### Muay Thai ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi or No Gi) ### Muay Thai
 $100 - $150

 Learn to make use of your body’s four weapons: legs, knees, elbows and fists. From basic to advanced techniques, we give you unmatched instruction from some of the world’s greatest trainers.

 Book Now

 ### Boxing ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi or No Gi) ### Muay Thai
 $100 - $150

 From basic stance and movement drills to ring strategy. Whether you want a one-on-one boxing workout or if you want to prepare yourself for the ring, our coaches are ready to be in your corner.

 Book Now

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi or No Gi) ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi or No Gi) ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi or No Gi)
 $100 - $150

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a grappling martial art and self-defense system. Learn to use leverage, technique and joint-locks or choke holds against a larger and stronger opponents.

 Book Now

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
