---
source_url: https://www.apexbjj.com/programs-kids
final_url: https://www.apexbjj.com/programs-kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:21.505Z
---

# KIDS PROGRAMS

 Confidence Through Combat, Success Beyond the Mat.

 ## Mighty Raptors Age 5-7
 Unlocking Potential Through Play
 Tailored specifically for young minds, our Mighty Raptors program simplifies Jiu-Jitsu into fun, engaging positions and movements, fostering physical development, coordination, and early skill acquisition. Watch your child grow in confidence and ability, all while having the time of their life

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu Age 8+
 Foundations for Future Champions
 Step into a world where beginners blossom into confident practitioners. Our kids class focuses on foundational skills, self defense, discipline, and respect—empowering every child to excel on the mat and beyond. A perfect start to a lifelong Jiu-Jitsu journey.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ## Kids NoGi Age 7+
 Elevating Skill, Forging Resilience
 Transition from basic techniques to higher-level mastery in our NoGi program. Tailored for kids ready to deepen their Jiu-Jitsu journey, this class challenges and refines technique, strategic thinking, and competitive spirit. It's where young athletes strengthen their resolve, perfect their skills, and prepare for life's challenges—both on and off the mat.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ## Competition
 Age 5+
 Beyond Technique, Embrace Victory
 Aimed at our most dedicated young practitioners, our invite only competition team propels budding athletes into the competitive arena with confidence. This program hones advanced techniques, mental toughness, and sportsmanship, preparing members not just for matches, but for triumph. It's where passion meets precision, and hard work leads to podium finishes.

 Learn more
 Learn more
