---
source_url: http://www.ohana.kajukenbo.org/classes.php
final_url: http://www.ohana.kajukenbo.org/classes.php
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:03.102Z
---

- Home - Classes - Instructors - Photos - Schedule - Kajukenbo History - Directions

 2287 First Capitol Dr., St. Charles, MO 63301 ☯ 314-486-4127
 ## Our Martial Arts Classes Ohana Martial Arts offers Kajukenbo self-defense at varying levels of skills for kids, adults, and speical needs individuals.

 - Kajukenbo: The first American martial art was created in Hawaii in the late 1940’s and is a combination of Karate, Judo, Ju-Jitsu, Kenpo, and Kung Fu. There are two Black Belt instructors; Sifu Ken Sills (5th Degree), and Sifu Luke Sims (2nd Degree). The instructors have also incorporated their backgrounds in Muay Thai and Bruce Lee’s Jeet Kune Do, as well as western Boxing and grappling. Kajukenbo is well known not as a sport, but as an ultra-effective self-defense martial science. Classes are available for able bodied as well as special abilities individuals (IWK)! - IWK/Kids: Iron Will Kajukenbo is an inclusive self-defense class for typically developing kids ages 4 to 15, and individuals of all ages with any physical and/or mental disability. The IWK program focuses on self-defense, with tactics and techniques modified to work best for the attributes of each individual. This provides both a safer and more effective personal expression of the art for each student.
 Please feel free to come and check out a class at no charge before deciding if Ohana Martial Arts is right for you or your child!
 Contact:
 For more information or to sign up, email or call 314-486-4127 .
