---
source_url: http://austin.txkungfu.com/home/programs
final_url: https://austin.txkungfu.com/home/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:37.923Z
---

Skip to main content
 Skip to navigation

 # Programs

 Standard Training Program
 The Standard Training Program at Moy Yat Kung Fu Academy develops effective, real-world fighting and self-defense skills. It provides a focused, working environment where students can develop both skill and power. The Standard Training Program includes unlimited classes. Sign up for an introductory class here .
 Class Times: MWF 7-9pm, Saturdays 11-1pm
 Private Training Program
 This program is designed for those students seeking a higher level in their training and skill development. In addition to the Standard Training Program, these students receive one private lesson per week with the Sifu or Simo of the school.
 Women's Program
 We provide a progressive, social justice-oriented safe space for women to train real kung fu, without egos, tournaments, belts, yelling, or bowing. Our classes are uniquely suited to women’s self-defense and martial arts training due to Ving Tsun's emphasis on proper skeletal structure and techniques that rely on efficient and intelligent movement, not strength, to deliver maximum power. Our program empowers women and individuals with diverse gender and sexual identities to build confidence and develop practical self-defense skills. Classes run by Simo/Sifu Sarah. Sign up for an introductory class here .
 Class Times:
 TTH 7 -9 pm, Saturday 11-1pm (co-ed)

 Report abuse

 Page details

 Page updated

 Report abuse
