---
source_url: http://austin.txkungfu.com/home/programs/womens-program
final_url: https://austin.txkungfu.com/home/programs/womens-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:38.064Z
---

Skip to main content
 Skip to navigation

 # Women's Program

 Ving Tsun Kung Fu is a martial art originally invented by a woman for a woman.
 We trace our lineage back to the founder of the system, Yim Ving Tsun. According to legend, Yim Ving Tsun needed a fighting style that would help her win a fight against a warlord who wanted to force her to marry him. The result: a brilliantly designed system that allows for all body types, regardless of stature or physical fitness, to defend against a larger, stronger, attacker.
 At our school, we provide a progressive , social justice-oriented s afe space for women to train real kung fu, without egos, tournaments, belts, yelling, or bowing. Our classes are uniquely suited to women’s self-defense and martial arts training due to Ving Tsun's emphasis on proper skeletal structure and techniques that rely on efficient and intelligent movement, not strength, to deliver maximum power. As a byproduct of physical training, many women notice an improvement in all areas of their life. They find themselves more focused, assertive, and able to confront situations as they occur.

 Standard Training Program
 The Women's Program is unique in that it provides an environment for women to excel in martial arts and ultimately learn effective self defense against larger, stronger attackers. Women will ini tially train exclusively with other women in the program and are separate from the men's program.

 Introductory Class
 The Introduction will give a good insight into Ving Tsun, kung fu training, and our school before signing up for a full training program. Introductions are by appointment only. Sig n up here .

 Class Times
 Women's Class*: Tuesdays & Thursdays 7-9pm
 * For women and all who identify as women, including LGBTQIA individuals.

 Need some inspiration?
 Perseverance and Power: Completing a Two-Year Kung Fu Program with Chronic Illness

 RPReplay_Final1671691031.mov

 medium.MOV

 RPReplay_Final1732402028.mp4

 Report abuse

 Page details

 Page updated

 Report abuse
