---
source_url: http://ballantynemartialarts.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: http://ballantynemartialarts.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:53.518Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu promotes the core principle that a smaller, weaker person, using leverage and proper technique, can successfully defend themselves against a larger, stronger attacker. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can be trained for self defense, sport grappling competitions and mixed martial arts (MMA). Sparring (commonly referred to as “rolling”) and live drilling play a major role in training, with a premium placed on performance, especially in competition.

 If your goal is to become a fighter or to be able to defend yourself completely, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offers significant advantages over most other martial arts.

 ## Request More Info ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was designed as a fighting system to defeat other martial arts, where other martial art and combat styles all specialize in defeating untrained opponents or opponents using that style.
 The military and FBI have recognized the effectiveness of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a martial art not only for sportive contests but in the real world as well. For a soldier, knowledge of martial arts is life and death, not a hobby or a film script. The US Army chose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to be the core of their combative programs.
 Today, it is hard to find any elite military or law enforcement agency that does not incorporate Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as the foundation of their training.
 Gain effective skills on the ground with a total physical workout in a fun and controlled environment.
