---
source_url: http://ballantynemartialarts.com
final_url: http://ballantynemartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:53.575Z
---

# Join Our Family

 Kids' Martial Arts
 Adult Kickboxing
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## We Offer Ballantyne Martial Arts offers the best teaching and training in the area. We are proud to be one of the only schools offering these specialized programs for our students in one training facility. Personalized Initial Private Lesson to assess each student’s Martial Art’s needs, level and goals. We have convenient class schedules with unlimited attendance. Ballantyne Martial Arts is conveniently located in the Charlotte Area.

 ### Kids’ Martial Arts Our kids’ martial arts program allows children from 4-15 years old to learn a non-quitting spirit, build self-confidence, and learn self-defense. Our programs are also sensitive to bully prevention and awareness. Learn More

 ### Adult Kickboxing Students work with specific techniques on punching, kicking, close range self-defense, ground techniques, and defending against these techniques. It is one of the more versatile classes we offer. Learn More

 ### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Brazilian Jiu Jitsu promotes the core principle that a smaller, weaker person, using leverage and proper and proven techniques, can successfully defend themselves against a larger, stronger attacker. Learn More

 ## What They Say

 [BMA] is a fantastic dojo for all levels or martial arts. The instructors are friendly, knowledgable and welcoming. The kids look forward to every class and I every adult kickboxing and Jiu Jitsu class. If you are looking for a place to train in Charlotte look no further. This is the spot.

 Nick G.

 My daughter has been taking the Youth class here for over a year. She enjoys it so much! Her confidence and physical strength have increased. She is learning great life values like being on time and working hard to achieve goals. We have had a very positive experience at this martial arts academy.

 Wendy G.

 ## Workout with Us

 Request More Information

 ### Frequently Asked Questions

 ##### What if I do not have experience in martial arts? We are a family dojo and we ask you to have an open mind and a great attitude when walking in! We look at each student’s individual goals and try to help them achieve them each and every day!

 ##### What is the minimum age for students? We have our Karate juniors program that starts at four years old. Our oldest student is 65 years young so no matter what your age is, start today!

 ##### I'm looking for a high energy program with other young adults. Our core kickboxing program is not only fun but you will burn 500 to 750 calories in a 1-hour class! Here you will learn how to kick and punch as well as protect against a close range attack! You will get in the best shape of your life but also gain a practical skill for self-defense.

 ##### Are there competitive events for your students? We do not require our students to compete but those who, want to can attend various local, regional, and international tournaments!
