---
source_url: http://fairwoodmartialarts.com
final_url: https://fairwoodmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:20.373Z
---

### MENU

 - 425-255-8144 - fwma@fairwoodmartialarts.com - Renton, WA

 # Fairwood Martial Arts Renton

 Amazing programs for kids and adults to get more fit, focused, and confident.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Pre-School Martial Artsin Renton

 Discover why parents love our Pre-School Martial Arts program in Renton. The perfect blend of gross motor skill building and fun! Our pre-school martial arts program gives your little one the tools to surpass their development expectations. We’re dedicated to your child’s growth and success!

 DISCOVER PRE-SCHOOL CLASSES

 ## Kids Martial Artsin Renton

 An excellent mix of self defense and tradition. Our kids martial arts program gives your child with tools to protect themselves, and equips them with skills to have an unfair advantage in school. We’re dedicated to your child’s growth!

 DISCOVER KIDS CLASSES

 ## Adult Martial Artsin Renton

 Achieve your fitness goals while developing a wide array of life saving techniques for real world application.

 DISCOVER ADULT CLASSES

 ## Summer Campin Renton

 Discover why Parents love our Kids Martial Arts Summer Camps. Give your child an experience they won’t forget. Open to all including Non-Dojo members.

 DISCOVER SUMMER CAMP OPTIONS

 ## About our school

 Since we’ve opened, we’ve been dedicated to changing the lives of people one person at a time, through martial arts, education and coaching. We strive to provide a safe, comfortable and welcoming atmosphere for all students and family members in Renton. We take pride in creating an environment for individuals to achieve, develop and succeed in their personal goals.
 We strongly believe that martial arts can be for everyone, regardless of age, gender or experience levels. Throughout all of our programs, students will not only learn the necessary skill sets to protect themselves, we stand behind our realistic and practical approach, confident it will enable every member to achieve greatness and live their best life.

 ## Fairwood Martial Arts: Working to build a stronger community through bettering ourselves and others. Through focus, confidence, self-discipline, and non-defeatist attitude, we can accomplish this together.

 " Very flexible schedule and good value for the money. "

 " Excellence across the board. "

 " A great variety of classes being offered. "

 " My son has made from attending two classes a week and loves participating in their Parent's Night Out. "

 " I would highly recommend Fairwood Martial Arts. "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Martial Arts Programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 A specific part of our preschool and kids martial arts classes at Fairwood Martial Arts in Renton is teaching respect, and teaching when to use their new self defense training and when to NOT use them. We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies. And have more humility and kindness to others though their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Renton martial arts classes. Here at Fairwood Martial Arts is a fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your Instructors at Fairwood Martial Arts Renton are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer, the fastest way is to fill in the form .
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Renton martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable workout clothes you can be active in!
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Fairwood Martial Arts in Renton have martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too.

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 Fairwood Martial Arts
 Renton

 We’re located at 17138 116th Ave SE , stop by and say hello!

 - 425-255-8144 - fwma@fairwoodmartialarts.com - 17138 116th Ave SE, Renton, WA 98058

 ### HOME

 ### SCHEDULE

 ### PROGRAMS

 - PRE-SCHOOL MARTIAL ARTS

 - KIDS MARTIAL ARTS

 - ADULT/TEEN MARTIAL ARTS

 ### Special Events

 - BIRTHDAYPARTIES - SUMMER CAMP

 - 425-255-8144 - FWMA@fairwoodmartialarts.com - 17138 116th Ave SE, Renton, WA 98058

 ### HOME

 ### SCHEDULE

 ### PROGRAMS

 ### PRE-SCHOOL MARTIAL ARTS

 ### KIDS MARTIAL ARTS

 ### ADULT/TEEN MARTIAL ARTS

 ### Birthday Parties

 ### Summer Camps
