---
source_url: https://alliancebjjsf.com/?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=My-Business
final_url: https://alliancebjjsf.com/?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=My-Business
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:39.949Z
---

Waiting to learn jiu-jitsu and self defense?

 ## MEET ALLIANCE SAN FRANCISCO

 In just a few steps you will be able to schedule your trial class, chat with our team, and get you ready for the first lesson with us.

 Start Your Free Trial Class

 Start Your Free Trial Class

 CLASSES

 ## Our Programs

 ### Adult Jiu Jitsu Our Adult Jiu-Jitsu classes cater to all levels, focusing on technical skill, fitness, and strategy in a supportive community setting.

 ### No Gi Jiu Jitsu Discover the fast-paced world of NoGi Jiu-Jitsu, emphasizing agility and technique in a dynamic, Gi-free grappling environment.

 ### Drop In Check our schedule and come at the designated time. We’ll also get in touch with you to confirm your booking and answer any questions you may have.

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu Designed for children, our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program builds discipline, confidence, and coordination through age-appropriate techniques in a fun and safe environment.

 Our Future

 ### Kids Class Kids Jiu-Jitsu: Fun, engaging classes building discipline and confidence in a safe, nurturing environment for young learners.

 Classes:
 3-5
 6-9
 10-12
 13-15

 Benefits

 ## Why start training jiu jitsu?

 - Combats anxiety and stress - Stimulates discipline - Develops self-defense - Defines the body - Contributes to heart health - Improves physical conditioning - Increases socialization

 Schedule Trial Class

 ### How does Trial Class work? Before becoming our student, you'll have a free trial class. During the class, you will get to know our teaching methodology in practice and have your first contact with basic Jiu-Jitsu notions and positions.

 - Press the "Schedule a trial class" button that appears on your screen. - You will be directed to our form and you will need to fill in your details. - Our consultants will help you choose the best day and time available for your class. - After booking your lesson, you need to come to our school on the scheduled day and time.

 ### Adults Gi + No Gi
 $ 249 Monthly
 - No registration fees, cancellation fees nor contracts; - Recurring Payment, Cancel anytime - Annual Membership: $2,739/year (Get 12 months for the price of 11)
 Book Your Trial Class Month-to-month plan, no 30-day notice for cancellation at $249.00.

 ### Kids FOR NEWS STUDENTS
 $ 189 Class
 - No registration fees, cancellation fees nor contracts; - Recurring Payment, Cancel anytime - Annual Membership: $2,079/year (Get 12 months for the price of 11)
 Book Your Trial Class Month-to-month plan, no 30-day notice for cancellation at $189.00.

 ### Drop In + Gi rental
 $ 29 99
 Class
 - Perfect for individuals visiting the city and looking to have a class with our team; - Gi rental included: $49,99 - If you decide to purchase a membership after your class, the money you paid will be applied towards your membership.
 Book Your Drop In Check out our schedule and book your class!

 ### Private Classes
 $ 159 99
 Class
 - 1-on-1 instruction; - 45 minutes long; - Package of 8 - $160.00/class; - Package of 4 - $170.00/class; - Single class - $180.00

 ## Are you law enforcement, a college student, or part of a family? Enjoy an exclusive 10% discount on your monthly fee! We value you and want to make your experience even better. Don’t miss out!

 Instructors

 ## Meet Your Team

 ### Lucio Muramatsu Lucio started Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 1998 at the age of 12. He is a 4th degree black belt (14 years as a Black Belt) under Adriano Pires and Fabio Gurgel from the renowned Alliance school in São Paulo, Brazil, the most prominent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu association in the world, having won 13 world titles. Lucio has a degree in kinesiology and a master of science degree in Biochemistry for exercise which supports his knowledge, understanding and teaching of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He has competed on more than 100 tournaments in Brazil and around the World.

 ### Victor Oliveira "Vitinho" started Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 2012 at the age of 15. He is a 1st degree black belt under Adriano Pires from the renowned Alliance school in Campinas, São Paulo, Brazil, the most prominent Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu association in the world, having won 13 world titles. Victor has studied in Bachelors degree in P.E, competed vehemently up through the ranks and started teaching as a purple belt ins 2015, which supports his knowledge, understanding and teaching of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He has also competed on several tournaments throughout Brazil and around the World.

 ### Nayo Mouton-Fuentes Nayo is a San Francisco native. Growing up as a multi-sport athlete, Nayo found martial arts in 2007, Starting Judo and Japanese Jiu Jitsu at CCSF under instructor Mitchell Palacio. He then began his Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey at the 11th street dojo under coral belt Clovis Silva (Carlson Gracie Black belt). Nayo received his blackbelt from Clovis Silva and Lucio Muramatsu on April of 2019. Nayo has conducted many self defense workshops and has backgrounds in Judo, Japanese Jiu Jitsu, Aikido, and Muay Thai. He has also competed and metaled at the BJJ tour, America’s Cup and the US Open.

 ## Schedule

 ## Monday

 - ALL LEVELS: 12:00PM - 1PM - LITTLE EAGLES (6-9YO) : 3:45PM - 4:30PM - BABY EAGLES (3-5YO) : 4:45PM - 5:25PM - FUNDAMENTALS & INTERMEDIATE: 5:30PM-6:30PM - FUNDAMENTALS & ADVANCED: 6:30PM-7:30PM - SPARRING: 7:30PM - 8:00PM

 ## Tuesday

 - ALL LEVELS: 8:30AM - 9:30AM - ALL LEVELS: 8:30PM - 9:30PM

 ## Wednesday

 - ALL LEVELS: 12:00PM - 1PM - LITTLE EAGLES (6-9YO) : 3:45PM - 4:30PM - BABY EAGLES (3-5YO) : 4:45PM - 5:25PM - FUNDAMENTALS & INTERMEDIATE: 5:30PM-6:30PM - FUNDAMENTALS & ADVANCED: 6:30PM-7:30PM - SPARRING: 7:30PM - 8:00PM

 ## Thursday

 - ALL LEVELS (NO GI): 8:30AM - 9:30AM - ALL LEVELS (NO GI): 8:30PM - 9:30PM

 ## Friday

 - FUNDAMENTALS (NO GI): 5:00PM - 6:00PM - INTERMEDIATE/ADV (NO GI): 6:00PM - 7:00PM

 ## Saturday

 - BABY EAGLES (3-5YO) : 12:30PM - 1:15PM - LITTLE EAGLES (6-9YO) : 1:15PM - 2:00PM - ALL LEVELS (NO GI WELCOME): 2:00PM - 3:30PM

 Our Academy

 ## See what it’s like to train with us

 FAQ

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 Instagram Facebook

 ## Quick Links

 - Contact Us - Our Programs - Our Team - Schedule - FAQ

 ## Contact Us

 - Phone Number: 415-630-7619 - Contact: info@alliancebjjsf.com

 ## © 2026, Alliance San Francisco
