---
source_url: https://outerheavenjjclub.com/page/programs
final_url: https://outerheavenjjclub.com/page/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:32.551Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Programs

 To maintain the pace and structure of our adult classes, a minimum of 6 months prior to training is required. This policy does not apply to children’s program.

 Adult Class Advanced (Gi)
 The curriculum for advanced students builds upon the foundational techniques taught in beginner and intermediate levels, delving into advanced positions, transitions, submissions, and strategies. Led by Kevin Mahecha, expect a dynamic and engaging training environment where you'll drill techniques, spar with partners, and receive personalized feedback to help you progress on your journey.
 Adult Fundamentals Class (Gi)
 Gi fundamentals is crafted to cater to all skill levels, from white belts to black belts. With a strong emphasis on essential principles, you'll learn the intricate mechanics of grips, escapes, sweeps, submissions and positional control while wearing a traditional kimono (gi). Led by Kevin Mahecha, expect an engaging training environment where you'll drill techniques, spar in specific positions with partners, and receive personalized feedback to help you progress on your journey.
 Adult Class Advanced (No-Gi)
 No-gi jiu-jitsu removes the traditional kimono (gi), allowing practitioners to focus solely on grappling techniques that are applicable in scenarios where grips may not be available. This class offers a dynamic and challenging experience for all skill levels. Led by Kevin Mahecha, expect a dynamic and engaging training environment where you'll drill techniques, spar with partners, and receive personalized feedback to help you progress on your journey.
 Adult Fundamentals Class (No-Gi)
 No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu removes the traditional kimono (gi), allowing practitioners to focus solely on grappling techniques that are applicable in scenarios where grips may not be available. In this class, you will learn a variety of techniques including takedowns, submissions, escapes, and positional control. All adapted for no-gi grappling by drills and partner exercises designed to improve your understanding of leverage, timing, and technique. Led by Kevin Mahecha, expect an engaging training environment where you'll drill techniques, spar in specific positions with partners, and receive personalized feedback to help you progress on your journey.
 Kids Class (8-12 years old)
 Our kids gi class is designed to introduce children to the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, structured, and fun environment. Geared towards kids ages 8-12 years old, this class focuses on teaching fundamental techniques while fostering important values such as discipline, respect, and confidence. Led by Kevin Mahecha, each session begins with a dynamic warm-up to prepare the body and mind for training. From there, students will learn a variety of Gi-based techniques including grips, sweeps, submissions, and escapes. Through interactive drills and partner exercises, children will not only develop their physical skills but also learn the importance of cooperation, teamwork, and sportsmanship.
 Home School Class (4-8 years old)
 This class is designed for homeschool kids, offering a unique and enriching learning environment tailored to their specific needs and schedules. Geared towards kids ages 4-8 years old, this class focuses on teaching fundamental techniques while fostering important values such as discipline, respect, and confidence. Led by Kevin Mahecha, each session begins with a dynamic warm-up to prepare the body and mind for training. From there, students will learn a variety of Gi-based techniques including grips, sweeps, submissions, and escapes. Through interactive drills and partner exercises, children will not only develop their physical skills but also learn the importance of cooperation, teamwork, and sportsmanship.

 Click here for a free kids trial Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL
 Thank you! We look forward to seeing you on the mats.

 - Phone 7542393852 - Address 2990 Griffin Road Suite 2 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 - Email outerheavenjjclub@gmail.com
 - © Outer Heaven Jiu Jitsu Club - - Powered by Gymdesk
