---
source_url: https://outerheavenjjclub.com/page/memberships
final_url: https://outerheavenjjclub.com/page/memberships
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:32.618Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Memberships Day Pass
 - $30 - Unlimited access to all Gi and No-Gi classes offered that day - *To maintain the pace and structure of our adult classes, a minimum of 6 months prior to training is required
 Single Adult Membership
 - $200 a month - Unlimited access to all Gi and No-Gi classes - One time registration fee of $50 at sign up - *To maintain the pace and structure of our adult classes, a minimum of 6 months prior to training is required
 Single Kid Membership
 - $200 a month for three classes a week (12 classes a month) - $150 a month for two classes a week (8 classes a month) - $100 a month for one class a week (4 classes a month) - One time registration fee of $50 at sign up
 *Below, you'll find important information regarding ALL memberships:
 - No Contract: At Outer Heaven, we believe in flexibility. There are no long-term contracts associated with your membership. You have the freedom to enjoy our services without the commitment of a contract. - Cancellation Policy: You can cancel your membership at any time, for any reason. Simply contact us via phone, email, or in-person visit to initiate the cancellation process at least 30 days in advanced. - Freeze Option: Need to take a break? We understand. You have the option to freeze your membership temporarily. Whether it's due to travel, illness, or any other reason, you can pause your membership without penalty if you let us know at least 30 days in advanced. - How to Cancel or Freeze: To cancel or freeze your membership, simply reach out to our customer service team via phone, email, or in-person visit. We'll guide you through the process and ensure a seamless experience.
 Thank you for choosing Outer Heaven Jiu Jitsu Club. We're committed to providing you with exceptional service and support throughout your membership journey. If you have any questions or concerns, don't hesitate to reach out to us.

 Click here for a free kids trial Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL
 Thank you! We look forward to seeing you on the mats.

 - Phone 7542393852 - Address 2990 Griffin Road Suite 2 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33312 - Email outerheavenjjclub@gmail.com
 - © Outer Heaven Jiu Jitsu Club - - Powered by Gymdesk
