---
source_url: https://www.elitetrainingcenter.net/mma-class-schedule-redondo-beach/
final_url: https://www.elitetrainingcenter.net/mma-class-schedule-redondo-beach/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:41.964Z
---

# MMA Training Classes in Redondo BeachTry 2 Free Classes
 If you are considering joining our gym, just show up 15 mins before any basic level or all-level class begins. Choose Kickboxing, Krav Maga, MMA, or Kids MMA — and train for free. No commitment, just show up and try a class. We can register you or your family member before the class starts so you can start your free gym trial today. Same Day Drop-Ins Are Welcome.
 Call our Gym to ask us any questions about joining: 310-543-1600 .

 ## Full Class Schedule | MMA & Martial Arts Training
 Welcome to our complete weekly class schedule for Elite Training Center. Whether you’re new to martial arts or an experienced fighter, we offer classes in MMA, Muay Thai Kickboxing, Krav Maga, MMA, Boxing, and fitness conditioning—seven days a week. Find the perfect time to train with expert instructors in a supportive and high-energy environment in Redondo Beach.

 All Classes

 Muay Thai Kickboxing

 Krav Maga

 MMA

 Kali

 Jiu Jitsu

 Fitness / Open Mat

 Sparring

 Kids Martial Arts

 Youth CMAA

 Kickboxing Levels
 Basic – White Belt
 Adv – Orange & Red Belt
 Masters Path – Blue & Above

 MMA Levels
 Basic – White Belt
 Adv – Blue Belt
 Masters Path – Blue 3 Stripe+

 Krav Maga Levels
 Basic – 6 Months & Below
 Adv – Orange/Green
 Masters – Blue/Brown/Black Belt

 Open Mat – Advanced Level *ONLY
 MMA Sparring – 1st Stripe Blue Belt & Above *ONLY

 ## Have Fun Getting Fit At our MMA gym in California, we offer a variety of martial arts styles to help you develop well-rounded skills. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced fighter, our bright, clean studio provides a safe and supportive environment for all levels. Punch, kick, and grapple your way to better health while boosting your cardiovascular fitness. Our controlled training techniques focus on perfecting your skills and minimizing the risk of injury so you can train hard and progress confidently. Join us today and take your fighting skills to the next level!

 Elite Training Center is proud to announce that Spartacus Magazine has selected us as one of the best martial arts gyms in LA . Elite is truly proud of its Los Angeles roots.
