---
source_url: https://gracienvjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://gracienvjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:29.945Z
---

###### Learn to be your best by the BEST! TRAIN FOR FREE?

 # Self-Defense for real life, Jiu-Jitsu for competition #### Great Instruction With his guidance, students develop not only exceptional skills but also confidence, self-discipline, and a deep appreciation for the art of Jiu Jitsu. Professor Antonio “Tony” Reel’s passion for Jiu Jitsu and his exceptional teaching abilities make him a true asset to the Las Vegas Jiu Jitsu community.

 #### Privates and SEminars With a wealth of experience and expertise, Professor Tony offers personalized instruction tailored to the individual needs and goals of his students. Professor Tony’s private classes provide a focused and intensive learning experience, allowing students to receive one-on-one attention and targeted feedback..

 #### Kids and Little Kids Gracie Nevada Jiu Jitsu offers two kids classes on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday Tony has a 4:30 Little Kids class to give them the fundamentals before moving on to the 5:00 Kids Class. (Kids class is offered M-F @ 5pm

 Benefits of Starting Your JiuJitsu Journey
 Physical Techniques and Self-Defense
 – Studies on the effectiveness of various grappling techniques, including those used in BJJ, have been conducted within the context of martial arts and self-defense training. These studies often examine the practicality of joint locks, chokeholds, and ground control in real-world scenarios.
 – Researchers have explored how BJJ techniques, such as controlling an opponent’s posture and position, can be used to manage confrontations and minimize harm to both parties. Making JiuJitsu imperative to those in Law Enforcement.
 Mental Growth and Well-Being
 – Research on martial arts in general has highlighted the positive impact of training on mental attributes such as self-confidence, self-esteem, stress reduction, and emotional well-being. BJJ’s emphasis on problem-solving, adaptability, and resilience aligns with these findings.
 – Interviews and case studies with BJJ practitioners often reveal personal stories of improved mental health, increased focus, and enhanced self-discipline attributed to their training.
 Camaraderie and Personal Development
 – The communal nature of Gracie Nevada fosters a sense of camaraderie and social support among practitioners. This aspect has been explored in studies focused on martial arts communities and their role in creating a positive and motivating training environment.
 – Research has documented the ways in which BJJ training can lead to personal development, including improved communication skills, better teamwork, and a sense of belonging.
 Self-Confidence and Empowerment
 – BJJ training has been linked to increased self-confidence, particularly among individuals who have experienced successful application of techniques during sparring or real-world situations.
 – Anecdotal evidence from practitioners suggests that the ability to defend oneself through trained techniques can lead to a sense of empowerment and enhanced personal security.
 Start Your Journey Today!
