---
source_url: http://www.teamhayastan.com
final_url: https://teamhayastan.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:49.145Z
---

Martial Arts Classes
 Kids Programs
 Personal Training

 ## North Georgia Hayastan Martial Arts & Family Fitness North Georgia Hayastan MMA Academy teaches a freestyle system of fighting and mixed martial arts that are based on the combative arts such as Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, Sambo, Wrestling, Catch Wrestling, Muay Thai Kickboxing, American Kickboxing and Boxing concepts. The Academy is founded on concepts that are used for self-defense and competition.
 North Georgia Hayastan has established a young and determined competition team of all ages, with several Champions from submission grappling tournaments, boxing tournaments, and MMA (cage fighting) promotions. We also have a talented group of individuals entering their MMA career.
 North Georgia Hayastan MMA Academy teaches under the Hayastan Freestyle fighting system, founded by Gene LeBell and Gokor Chyvichyan, as well as the American Federation of Freestyle Jiu-Jitsu.
 Our focus is to help anyone seeking to learn martial arts achieve their goal. Whether it is to reduce stress with exercise, learn real self-defense for themselves or their family, or to compete for recreation or a career.
 The North Georgia Hayastan MMA Academy was started in Dalton Georgia in 2008 and has recently moved to a state-of-the-art facility at 416 S Glenwood in Dalton, Georgia. It is a 7,100-square-foot facility that features a full MMA Octagon, a professional-size boxing ring, professional fitness and training equipment, including changing rooms, showers, heavy bags, speed bags, free weights, and a pro shop.
