---
source_url: http://prolificbjj.com/programs
final_url: https://www.prolificbjj.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:45.316Z
---

## Programs

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a sport, self-defense system, and a fitness program. It has proven to be the most practical and effective self-defense system in the world. It relies on leverage and technique, rather than strength and size. This allows you to defend yourself against much bigger, stronger attackers. As a result, BJJ is a great sport for everyone – including women and kids. BJJ focuses on grappling and ground fighting with the goal of getting into a position to force an attacker or opponent to submit or give up. BJJ is also an intense, aerobic and anaerobic workout so your overall health and fitness will improve, including your flexibility, strength, cardiovascular fitness, ability to burn fat, and muscular endurance.

 ### Kids BJJ We know it can be hard to find activities for kids which are not only fun, but provide a well structured environment in which children can grow. Learning a martial art, and Brazilian jiu jitsu in particular, is one of the best gifts you­ can provide a child. At Prolific Jiu Jitsu, we have developed a program specifically for kids. It provides character development and personal growth that will impact every area of their life, for the rest of their life. It is a fun way for kids to get into fantastic shape, gain confidence, learn respect, improve discipline, and prevent bullying.

 ### Muay Thai Muay Thai is a combat sport that originated out of Thailand that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. This physical and mental discipline includes combat on foot is known as "the art of eight limbs" because it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees, shins and feet. Muay Thai became became widespread internationally in the twentieth century, when practitioners defeated notable practitioners of other martial arts.

 ## Judo

 Judo moves are broken down into three main categories: 1) Throwing techniques (nage-waza). These techniques break down further into standing techniques performed with either the hand, hip, foot, or leg, and sacrifice techniques that involve falling on one’s side in order to execute the throw. 2) Grappling techniques (katame-waza). These techniques break down into holding or pinning, strangulation, and joint locks. 3) Striking techniques (atemi-waza). These techniques are only performed during kata (forms).
