---
source_url: http://www.precisionjjlindale.com/adults-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://precisionjjlindale.com/adults-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.452Z
---

Skip to main content Press enter to begin your search

 Close Search

 ###### Try a Free Class

 # Adults Jiu Jitsu #### Ages 13 and up Whether you’re driven by the thrill of competition or seek personal growth and real-life defensive techniques, Precision Jiu Jitsu is your home. Guided by top-ranked black belt Jeff Hammond, experience a fusion of world-class competition training and practical self-defense techniques, tailored for both the passionate competitor and the dedicated hobbyist.
 ##### Self Development - Holistic Growth: Beyond just physical fitness, delve into a journey of self-development, mental toughness, and resilience. - Real-World Self Defense: Incorporating Jeff Hammond’s experience in real-world defense scenarios, learn techniques that are practical and effective. - Community & Brotherhood: Join a community that supports and uplifts each other, fostering bonds that go beyond the mats.
 ##### Competitive Training - Reach Your Peak: Train with fellow competitors driven by the desire to be the best. Refine your skills, enhance your techniques, and get prepared to face and conquer the challenges of any competition. - Tournaments & Championships: Get opportunities to participate in local, state, and national championships. Represent Precision Jiu Jitsu and make your mark! - Tailored Regimens: Benefit from personalized training regimens designed to hone your strengths and address areas of improvement.

 Join Now Schedule

 ### See what our students have to say

 “ Legit in every way. They have everything from beginners classes, women’s classes, all the way down to the kids. If you want to grow in your journey this is the place to be. Great people, great coaches, great jiu jitsu. ”
 Matt C. Student “ great environment for beginners and competitive practitioners alike. Jeff is an amazing coach and is very down to earth. He spends time with each of his students and really gets to know everyone. The gym feels like a family and they are always welcoming to newcomers and visitors. ”
 Tre W. Student “ Jeff is a great coach. he's patient with the students and fosters a strong family environment. ”
 Aaron G. Student “ This a great place to train whether you’re training for fitness, sport, or self-defense. Jeff is a fantastic instructor with world class knowledge and talent. ”
 Chase F. Student

 - facebook - instagram

 © 2026 Precision Jiu Jitsu. Designed by

 Close Menu
