---
source_url: http://www.precisionjjlindale.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://precisionjjlindale.com/kids-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.797Z
---

Skip to main content Press enter to begin your search

 Close Search

 # Kids Jiu Jitsu #### Ages 4 to 12 At Precision Jiu Jitsu, we believe in more than just teaching martial arts. We’re molding the leaders of tomorrow. Under the watchful guidance of Jeff Hammond and our team of skilled instructors, your child will not only learn Jiu Jitsu but will also imbibe values that will serve them for life.
 ##### Character and Skills for Life - Discipline: Structured lessons that promote focus, punctuality, and respect. - Self-Confidence: Empower your child to face challenges, be it on the mats or in life, with confidence and poise. - Self-Control: Jiu Jitsu teaches children to channel their energy positively, fostering patience and control. - Character Development: Beyond techniques, we emphasize virtues like respect, kindness, perseverance, and honesty. - Self-Defense: Equip your child with skills to protect themselves, promoting a sense of safety and independence.
 ##### Parents Welcome Feel free to attend and watch your child’s classes. We have seating available around the mats for your comfort. Your presence is always appreciated.

 Join Now Schedule

 ### See what parents have to say

 “ Precision Jiu Jitsu has knowledgeable and approachable instructors. Whether you are looking for gaining skills for successful competition, self defense, or personal fitness Jeff and his team of instructors can help you. All of my kids have benefitted in so many ways due to his instruction. I love the family environment he sets and the general culture of this gym. If you are looking for a quality martial arts program for an individual or entire family, this is the place. ”
 Katie H. Parent “ Jeff is incredible with the kids. I took my 5 year old to his first class and he really enjoyed it. Jeff was patient yet commanded respect and attention - and the kids give it 110%! I have several adult friends who train here and do VERY well in tournaments and can’t say enough about Jeff’s training. I had met Jeff Prior to taking my grandson, and know his dedication to being the best when it comes to his training. Look him up! I am also aware that it is his passion to pass on his knowledge. I am grateful this gym is in our area and I can start my little guy off so early! ”
 Cassandra G. Parent “ I took my 4 year old for his first martial arts experience, Jeff was amazing with him and he loved it. We will definitely be joining! ”
 Melissa K. Parent “ The coaches are amazing and the community is incredibly supportive. I recommend everyone send themselves and their kids here! ”
 Tiffany L. Parent

 - facebook - instagram

 © 2026 Precision Jiu Jitsu. Designed by

 Close Menu
