---
source_url: http://www.precisionjjlindale.com/womens-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://precisionjjlindale.com/womens-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:40.389Z
---

Skip to main content Press enter to begin your search

 Close Search

 ###### Try a Free Class

 # Womens Jiu Jitsu #### Ages 13 and up Welcome to Precision Jiu Jitsu’s dedicated Women’s Program. Crafted specifically for women, by women, our program offers a supportive environment for learning, growth, and empowerment. Whether you’re a seasoned grappler or just stepping onto the mats for the first time, find your strength and community here.
 ##### Strength in Sisterhood - Self-Defense: Gain practical techniques tailored for women to confidently navigate real-world scenarios. - Physical Fitness: Dive into a fitness regime that’s both fun and challenging, improving cardiovascular health, strength, and flexibility. - Mental Fortitude: Jiu Jitsu is as much a mental game as it is physical. Build resilience, determination, and a calm mind under pressure. - Community: Connect with a network of supportive, like-minded women. Share, learn, and grow together.
 ##### Join the Movement Be a part of a community that uplifts and empowers. Whether your goal is competition, fitness, or self-defense, Precision Jiu Jitsu’s Women’s Program is your sanctuary of strength and sisterhood.

 Join Now Schedule

 ### See what our students have to say

 “ I tried Jeffs class for a week....I loved it as soon as I hit the mats. Can't wait to get my Gi and really get involved. I would tell anyone to try it at least once ....you can and will get addicted. ”
 Sasha B. Student “ Precision is awesome! Jeff is knowledgeable, professional, patient, and he truly cares about everyone he coaches. My family and I are so thankful to have such a great place to learn Jiu-jitsu here in Lindale! ”
 Lacy R. Student “ The coaches are amazing and the community is incredibly supportive. I recommend everyone send themselves and their kids here! ”
 Tiffany L. Parent

 - facebook - instagram

 © 2026 Precision Jiu Jitsu. Designed by

 Close Menu
