---
source_url: https://kuleana.mysites.io/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://kuleana.mysites.io/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:07.363Z
---

# Adult Jiu Jitsu Our adult program is designed to help students thrive in all areas of life. The techniques and lessons learned go beyond the mat – building self-defense skills, boosting confidence, and enhancing overall health.

 #### Train Your Body, Sharpen Your Mind, and ### Build Real Confidence

 ### #### Beginner Friendly Anyone can get started in our adult program – especially beginners. We make sure to help newcomers and hobbyists who are just getting started in Jiu Jitsu. We take them through the basics and show them how much they can accomplish training. More often than not, they can reach levels they never thought possible.

 ### #### Personal Goals What is your reason for starting Jiu Jitsu? Whatever it is, we are here to help. If you are looking to lose weight, we’ll help you stay on track. Want to work on your self-defense abilities? We can set you up with the right tools. Looking to compete? You’ll be given the training to take home awards. Anything else? Let us know! We will make sure you make the most of your time in class!

 ### #### Translating Off The Mat While we teach many different grappling skills, we want all our students to improve in all aspects of life. Whatever you do in life, we want you to leave class and feel more confident in your ability to thrive at home, in school, at work, or anywhere else in life!

 #### See the Action in our ### Adult Jiu Jitsu Class

 ### Join us with our trial class! You can join us for FREE Jiu Jitsu in Henderson with our three-day trial! Sign up to see what you can accomplish on our mats!

 Join Now ##### Get three days of FREE Jiu Jitsu classes! ×

 #### Get in Shape, Learn Self-Defense, and ### Level Up Your Life
 Come join us in our Adult Jiu Jitsu program. You can roll in wherever you are on your journey and thrive! Sign up today!

 ### Contact Us! We invite everyone in our community and Las Vegas to join us for Jiu Jitsu in Henderson. You can find us conveniently located off U.S. Route 95 off Russell exit in Whitney Ranch!

 808-600-1557

 Info@cobrinhagv.com

 1031 Whitney Ranch Dr, Henderson, NV 89014
