---
source_url: https://kuleana.mysites.io/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://kuleana.mysites.io/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:08.241Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is carefully separated into two age-specific classes to ensure every child gets the right experience for their stage of development. The 3-5 year old class centers on fundamental movement, balance, and coordination in a fun, supportive setting. Our 6-and-older group focuses on developing and sharpening their Jiu Jitsu techniques while building confidence and discipline. Check out the individual descriptions below.

 #### Build Confidence, Discipline, and Skills That ### Last a Lifetime

 ### #### Kids Jiu Jitsu ages 3-5 Our younger kids class focuses on building the foundation of your child’s Jiu Jitsu. This starts with working simply on preparing them to handle a class setting. They learn how to listen to instruction, stay in their space, and treat their peers with respect. From there they begin to work on motor skill development, setting themselves up for future moves. As they progress, they are then taught some very basic Jiu Jitsu skills that they are capable of applying.

 ### #### Kids Jiu Jitsu ages 6-and-up Our older kids class is set up to take their skills to the next level. We kick up the skill development, setting students up to grow as martial artists and competitors. As well as the on-the-mat training, we make sure to help their development off it. We prepare them for the real world while teaching them the importance of discipline and responsibility. They’ll leave class every day a little better of a grappler and a person.

 #### See the Action in our ### Kids Jiu Jitsu Class

 ### Join us with our trial class! You can join us for FREE Jiu Jitsu in Henderson with our three-day trial! Sign up to see what you can accomplish on our mats!

 Join Now ##### Get three days of FREE Jiu Jitsu classes! ×

 #### Help Your Child Grow Stronger ### On and Off the Mats
 Are you looking for a kids activity in Henderson that can set up your children for success? If so, sign them up for our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes at Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu today!

 ### Contact Us! We invite everyone in our community and Las Vegas to join us for Jiu Jitsu in Henderson. You can find us conveniently located off U.S. Route 95 off Russell exit in Whitney Ranch!

 808-600-1557

 Info@cobrinhagv.com

 1031 Whitney Ranch Dr, Henderson, NV 89014
