---
source_url: https://kuleana.mysites.io
final_url: https://kuleana.mysites.io/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:09.211Z
---

# Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu ## Henderson Jiu Jitsu – Responsibility to the Community, For the People
 Get Started Today

 ##### Get three days of FREE Jiu Jitsu classes! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu
 Welcome to Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu in Henderson! We provide students with effective training in a family-oriented culture where everyone is treated equally. Our clean, safe facility allows students to focus on their training and techniques. Students looking to compete, improve their self-defense abilities, or work on fitness are taught highly detailed Jiu Jitsu that goes beyond the basics. Our style allows students to progress at a steady pace, enabling them to learn a lot in a short amount of time. If you are striving toward your personal goals and think Jiu Jitsu can be the path for you, come join our supportive community at Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu!

 ### Join us with our trial class! You can join us for FREE Jiu Jitsu in Henderson with our three-day trial! Sign up to see what you can accomplish on our mats!

 Join Now ##### Get three days of FREE Jiu Jitsu classes! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Memberships

 ### Schedule

 #### Who We Are at ### Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu

 #### Our School The culture we’ve created at Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu allows everyone to prosper. Students and instructors strive to pass down what they’ve learned to their peers and the next generation. We’ve cultivated a safe environment for students to grow, being welcomed and bid farewell with smiles. This all makes learning Jiu Jitsu that much easier. Our high-level, non-cookie-cutter instruction is tactical, helping beginners and competitors grow exponentially. The blend of a one-of-a-kind culture and top-notch Jiu Jitsu makes Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu the spot to train Jiu Jitsu in Henderson!
 #### History Kuleana comes from Hawaii, translating to responsibility and privilege. Here, it is our responsibility to help the community and our privilege to provide you Jiu Jitsu. Since our February 2026 opening, we’ve made it our mission to follow the message of our namesake. Dustin Harraway opened our doors because he wanted to help others through his passion for Jiu Jitsu, just as it helped him. Dustin began Jiu Jitsu as a teenager when he was looking for a place to develop and get through tough times. Along that journey, he met many friends and learned the importance of patience and constant improvement. That has continued to today. With multiple decades of competing, including medaling in American Nationals and competing in Fight to Win, Submission Battleground , and Arte Suave Elite, Dustin is still competing on the big stage. While he participates in IBJJF Opens and works to improve his game, he makes sure to provide the Henderson Jiu Jitsu community with a special experience on the mats!

 ### Looking to sign up for a membership? Make sure to fill out our membership form to get started.

 Join Now ##### Sign up for a membership ×

 ### What Sets Us Apart
 We pride ourselves on providing a special experience for Jiu Jitsu in Henderson. From our detailed instruction to tight-knit culture, we have everything you need to succeed. Want to see what else makes us the place for you? Then take a look below!

 ##### Attention To Detail Everything we do emphasizes attention to detail. Our techniques are tactical and allow anyone to learn skills regardless of their previous experience.

 ##### Safety Safety is huge for us. We make sure all our students train in a low-risk manner without getting injured. Students won’t be placed in situations where there is a high risk of injury.

 ##### Not Cookie-Cutter Instruction We don’t teach cookie-cutter Jiu Jitsu. Our instruction dives deep into the art, often showing students the “invisible” Jiu Jitsu skills. This helps students learn a lot in a short amount of time.

 ##### Individual Development All our students are given personalized instruction toward their personal goals. Beginners, competitors, and those interested in self-defense and fitness will all be put on a path to reach their goals from Jiu Jitsu training.

 ##### Friendly Environment Students are met with joy and positivity every day at Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu. With big hellos and big goodbyes, you will always feel like family in our academy.

 ##### Holistic Training While we are mainly focused on Jiu Jitsu, we make sure to provide an all-around experience for students. We also have fitness and Boxing training for kids and adults.

 ### Words from Our Community We do everything in our power to help students thrive on and off the mat. Our tactical, universal Jiu Jitsu techniques and joyful culture create a home for anyone to get to work and focus on their personal development. It’s the perfect spot to train! And we aren’t the only ones saying it. You can check out our student testimonials to see what members of our community have to say about why they train with us!

 Previous “The teacher is great, calm, he puts class into real life scenarios. Great class. I learned a lot by just watching his class. I highly recommend they have something for everyone.”

 Leslie Escobar
 Google

 “Truly an amazing gym that I highly recommend to anyone. My son learns practical fighting and self defense skills. Its great for individuals or the whole family.”

 Kelsay Kachnik
 Google

 “Kids learn discipline, maturity, and more importantly how to defend themselves. I Couldn’t be more proud to be a member of this gym.”

 Roger Ramirez
 Google

 Next

 ### Our Academy Schedule! Go check out when we have Jiu Jitsu classes at Kuleana Academy of Jiu Jitsu. There are times for you and your children to get to work on the mats Monday-Saturday!

 View Schedule

 ### Contact Us! We invite everyone in our community and Las Vegas to join us for Jiu Jitsu in Henderson. You can find us conveniently located off U.S. Route 95 off Russell exit in Whitney Ranch!

 808-600-1557

 Info@cobrinhagv.com

 1031 Whitney Ranch Dr, Henderson, NV 89014
