---
source_url: https://www.taoisttaichi.org/locations/austin-northwest
final_url: https://www.taoisttaichi.org/locations/austin-northwest/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:06.622Z
---

### Address
 Searching

 Show nearby Locations

 Hope Presbyterian Church
 11559 Spicewood Parkway
 Austin, Texas
 United States
 Tel: +1.877.398.1108
 Email this location

 ### Notes Sign up here to receive updates about our Sessions.

 ### Nearby Locations - Austin 1 - Georgetown - Austin 2

 Participant Login
 Welcome!
 Austin: Looking for a tai chi class near you? You’re in the right place for this and much more. Tai chi is a time-honoured practice that gently harmonizes body, mind, and spirit.
 Taoist Tai Chi ™ arts help you to improve your balance, flexibility, strength, and more, all while promoting a sense of calm and well-being.
 You are welcome to join as a beginner at any time. The practice is accessible to everyone.
 Experienced instructors lead the classes in an inclusive and supportive environment.
 Feel free to come to any session or open house.
 FAQ

 All Session Types Include Nearby Locations

 Sessions
 Days
 Time
 Start Date
 Location

 ## Contact Austin 1 - LinkedInThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. - - Name* - Email* - This field is hidden when viewing the formPhone Number - Phone Number - Message - CAPTCHA -

 ## Register for Sessions at Austin 1 All those intending to participate in an introductory session offered by the Taoist Tai Chi Society of the USA must complete the following pre-registration form.

 - EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. - This field is hidden when viewing the formStatusRegisteredDisabled - Are you an existing or returning member?* Yes No - Name* First name Last name - Email* - Phone number (Please use best contact number)* - - - Sessions*Please choose one session only to allow space for other members - - Declaration*I am a member of the Taoist Tai Chi Society of the USAI understand that:I am registering for one session onlyI will receive a confirmation email each time I register, I will check my Spam folder if necessary.I am able to amend my registration by following the link in the confirmation email.In the event that I cannot attend the session I’ve registered for, I will cancel my registration.I will not attend if I am feeling unwell in any way.There may be measures in place to keep everyone safe, which I will follow. Permission to CommunicateBy completing this pre-registration I give permission to the Taoist Tai Chi Society of the USA to communicate with me about upcoming sessions and related events and activities. I agree I do not agree - CAPTCHA - - - This field is hidden when viewing the formSession date YYYY dash MM dash DD - This field is hidden when viewing the formSession time - -

 ## Register for Introductory Sessions at Austin 1 All those intending to participate in an introductory session offered by the Taoist Tai Chi Society of the USA must complete the following pre-registration form.

 - PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. - This field is hidden when viewing the formStatusRegisteredDisabled - Name* First name Last name - Email* - Phone number (Please use best contact number)* - - - Sessions*Please choose one session only - - Declaration*I understand that:I will receive a confirmation email, I will check my spam folder if necessary.I am able to amend my registration by following the link in the confirmation email.In the event that I cannot attend the session I’ve registered for, I will cancel my registration, using the link in my confirmation email.I will not attend if I am feeling unwell in any way.There may be measures in place to keep everyone safe, which I will follow. Permission to CommunicateBy completing this pre-registration I give permission to the Taoist Tai Chi Society of the USA to communicate with me about upcoming sessions and related events and activities. I agree - CAPTCHA - - - This field is hidden when viewing the formSession date YYYY dash MM dash DD - This field is hidden when viewing the formSession time - -
