---
source_url: https://opexmurfreesboro.com/our-programs
final_url: https://opexmurfreesboro.com/our-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:51.693Z
---

# Get Fit with OpexMurfreesboro #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 is a self-defense martial art and combat sport based on grappling , ground fighting , and submission holds . It is primarily a ground-based fighting style and focuses on taking one's opponent down to the ground, gaining a dominant position, and using a number of techniques to force them into submission via joint locks , chokeholds , or compression locks .

 #### Muay Thai #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 is a Thai martial art and full-contact combat sport that uses stand-up striking, sweeps, and various clinching techniques. [3] This discipline is known as the "Art of eight limbs", as it is characterised by the combined use of fists , elbows , knees and shins .

 #### Judo #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU #### Group fitness
 The objective of competitive judo is to throw an opponent, immobilize them with a pin , or force an opponent to submit with a joint lock or a choke .

 #### Group fitness #### Group fitness #### Group fitness
 Join one of my group fitness classes and enjoy a fun and challenging workout with other like-minded individuals. Classes are designed for all fitness levels and are a great way to stay motivated.

 #### Zumba class #### Group fitness #### Zumba class
 Thursday evenings at 7pm . an aerobic fitness program featuring movements inspired by various styles of Latin American dance and performed primarily to Latin American dance music. $15 dollar cover per class

 ## Contact Us #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person! We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.

 #### OpexMurfreesboro.com
 #### Hours Mon | 05:00 am – 08:00 pm | Tue | 05:00 am – 08:00 pm | Wed | 05:00 am – 08:00 pm | Thu | 05:00 am – 08:00 pm | Fri | 05:00 am – 08:00 pm | Sat | 09:00 am – 12:00 pm | Sun | Closed |

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
