---
source_url: https://opexmurfreesboro.com
final_url: https://opexmurfreesboro.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:51.822Z
---

Get Started Now

 Get Started Now

 # Our Mission #### Our Expertise
 At Opex Murfreesboro, our mission is to empower individuals to achieve optimal health and wellness through fitness and lifestyle changes. We strive to provide a welcoming and supportive environment where everyone feels comfortable and motivated to reach their goals.

 #### Our Expertise #### Our Expertise
 Our personal trainers are highly qualified and experienced in designing programs that are safe, effective, and tailored to your individual needs. We stay up-to-date with the latest research and trends in the fitness industry to ensure that our clients receive the best possible guidance and support.

 #### Our Services #### Our Services
 ON-SITE TRAINING
 Affordable personalized fitness programming&profressional coaching, paired with nutrition and lifestyle guidance, completed when your schedule allows!

 REMOTE TRAINING
 Get started from home, With our experienced coaches and digital platform, we are fully equipped to deliver you to an unmatched experience.

 ## HOW IT WORKS !!!! #### Initial consultation This isn't about us, it's about YOU ! Sit down and talk with one of our certified professional coaches and we'll start to figure out where you are right now ,and where you want to go !

 #### ASSESSMENT Your professional coach takes you through our " Body, Move, and work assessment to figure out your starting point and design your training, nourishment and lifestyle plan

 #### TRAINING All of your workouts are done under the watchful eye of a professional coach and with people just like you ! With our small group personal training you get the best of personal training and small group fitness !

 #### RESULTS follow the plan, results are guaranteed. with our top notch coaching and accountability every step of the way, its hard to fall off track

 ### ON-SITE TRAINING WITH A COACH :

 ####
 - initial consultation (30 mins ) - one virtual assessment or in person (60 min) - unlimited personalized weekly workouts - nutrition and lifestyle coaching - 1 monthly check in ( 30 mins ) - access to virtual coaching during your daily workouts - unlimited access to the facility - weekly check ins - 24/7 ACCESS WITH KEYCODE

 ### REMOTE COACHING

 ####
 - initial consultation (30 mins ) - one in person or virtual assessment (60 mins) - unlimited weekly workouts - nutrition and lifestyle coaching - 1 monthly consultation - weekly check ins - 1on 1 in personal coaching - access to virtual coaching during your workouts

 ## Sweat, Smile, Repeat: OpexMurfreesboro.com's Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Video review

 ## Contact Us

 #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person!
 #### opex murfreesboro 1630 South Church Street, suite 120. Murfreesboro, Tennessee 37130, United States
 email us kenny@opexmurfreesboro.com call us 615-428-0823

 #### Hours Open today | 05:00 am – 08:30 pm |

 Get directions

 ## Connect With Us Facebook and instagram : Opex Murfreesboro

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
