---
source_url: https://fbjjonline.com/classes
final_url: https://fbjjonline.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:29.652Z
---

## Classes We offer classes 7 days a week! We are accepting enrollments in our program. Sign up for a free trial class today!
 #### Drop-Ins Train at a different academy and would like to drop-in? We’d love to have you! Schedule a drop-in at least 24 hours in advance. If you have any questions please contact Coach Foster at coach@fbjjonline.com or call/text 253-208-3270 .

 Sign up for a FREE trial class
 Sign up for a FREE trial class

 Schedule a Drop-In Class
 Schedule a Drop-In Class

 #### Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our BJJ classes cover a wide variety of techniques and drills designed for all levels of students.

 #### Submission Grappling (No-Gi) Our No Gi classes cover a wide variety of techniques and drills for all skill levels, beginner to advanced, WITHOUT wearing the traditional gi.

 #### Competition Training Our competition class is in place to help students further their understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu’s application in competition type settings.

 #### White Belt Fundamentals with Q&A This class is focused on the core principles, techniques, and movements all white belts should have a solid grasp of, along with a Q&A portion with Professor Foster.

 #### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes designed to help your child develop self confidence, discipline, respect, and coordination while training in a fun and exciting family atmosphere.

 #### BJJ 101 Designed to develop and refine the foundational mechanics of technique as well as your overall understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Drilling and Live Training A specialized class format focused on targeted drills intended to improve specific areas of the student’s game, along with situational sparring drills and standard sparring.

 #### Advanced Class For blue belts and above to further refine specific areas of their game through a group Q&A workshop format lead by Professor Foster and other advanced instructors.

 #### Private Lessons Private lessons focus on the individual needs of each student and help them develop their own strategies and style. They are ideal for those who want to drastically improve their technique and conditioning in a short period of time.

 #### Open Mat Open mat is the ideal time for a student to get extra training on the mat, either practicing technique or sparring with a partner.
