---
source_url: https://www.chapelhilljiujitsu.com/programs
final_url: https://www.chapelhilljiujitsu.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:53.482Z
---

#### Get in touch 919-265-4255
 info@e mailaddress .com

 ## Everybody is unique. Train for Life with us!

 #### Gracie Jiu Jitsu

 Develop mental focus, discipline, and problem-solving skills as you navigate through various grappling scenarios.

 Full-body workout that enhances strength, flexibility, and cardiovascular endurance in a dynamic and engaging way.

 Jiu jitsu starts with the body, but we also train your mind to calmly face the daily difficulties of life.

 #### Cardio Kickboxing

 Elevate your fitness routine with our high-energy, empowering striking classes.

 Our experienced instructors guide you through a series of punches, kicks, and combos. Improve your coordination and enhance overall cardiovascular health to upbeat music.

 Unleash your inner strength, boost your endurance, and sculpt your body in a dynamic, supportive, and motivating environment.

 #### Youth Jiu Jitsu

 Our primary focus is on developing character and confidence while learning self-defense.

 Learn to avoid trouble but not shy away should it arise. Become an ambassador of jiu jitsu and use lessons from class in school, at home, and in their community.

 Your child will become confident, well-mannered child who can safely diffuse situations using minimal force and proper leverage.

 - Women's Only Jiu JitsuWe offer this class as a closed space for all women and AFAB folx to learn and train Brazilian jiu jitsu. You're welcome to use it as an intro to Fundamentals, or to just continue with this special class. A woman-led classTry new skills at your own paceWeekly class on Tuesdays at 7:30p (you can join at anytime) - Gym AccessIn addition to all of our class programs, we have our full gym complete with cardio equipment, free weights, and dumbbells. You can use it on your own, or sign up for a consultation with one of our personal trainers.
