---
source_url: https://www.chapelhilljiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.chapelhilljiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:53.538Z
---

#### Get in touch 919-265-4255
 info@e mailaddress .com

 # ALL ARE WELCOME. # ALL ARE CHALLENGED.

 Learn, grow, and train self-defense in a diverse, supportive community where everyone belongs.

 START TODAY

 LEARN | GROW | TRAIN

 # OUR CLASSES

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu

 From advanced to beginner, we want everyone feel comfortable at our school. Learn effective self-defense techniques that can be applied in real-world situations from our experienced instructors. Be sure to ask about our women's only class.

 BOOK NOW

 ## Kickboxing and Striking

 Cardio Kickboxing combines elements of traditional kickboxing with aerobic exercises to create an invigorating and effective full-body workout. Our MMA and Muay Thai classes teach footwork and in-the-ring awareness, with some light sparring.

 BOOK NOW

 ## Youth Jiu Jitsu

 Give your child the lifelong gift of confidence. Our primary focus is on character development and self-defense. We teach children to avoid confrontations and safely diffuse situations with minimal force and proper leverage.

 BOOK NOW

 # WHAT IS Simorgh LLC?

 Chapel Hill Gracie Jiu JItsu is a family-oriented, self-defense focused martial arts school in Chapel Hill, NC. We offer programs for beginners, upper belts, women, and children. In addition, we offer cardio kickboxing, striking, and personal training.

 - Team R.O.C was established in 1994, with Mazi as a founding member. He took over leadership in 2001, then rebranded as Chapel Hill Gracie Jiu Jitsu in 2007 when the school relocated. - Mazi strives to create an environment where Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is accessible to everyone. For him, safety, growth and community come first. - Simorgh, our logo, represents protection and healing. She raised a child king cast out for his differences. His son became the greatest warrior. Mazi embodies this symbol by welcoming those who feel outcasted.

 We all want to learn Brazilian jiu jitsu self-defense for different reasons. On our mats, the middle-aged mom trying her very first class is just as important as the gold medalist. We support you toward never-ending growth and progress in your training.

 MEET OUR TEAM

 # OUR COMMUNITY SAYS

 TESTIMONIALS

 Mazi, as always, is incredibly helpful, passionate, and meticulous in teaching all aspects of self defense. He always spends additional time to ensure the students truly understand not just the moves of the day but the fundamental concepts behind them and how everything connects together.

 ### Sean L.

 ##### 08/09/25

 Class was great today! It was my first day back in a while and it was easy to slip back into the groove. Liv always has great energy, clear instructions and helpful corrections about technique!

 ### Sarah P.

 ##### 07/29/25

 After showing a technique, Jake is working the whole room ironing out the small details for people. The training partners and staff here are amazing!

 ### Eric P.

 ##### 12/19/25

 Gabe is an excellent kickboxing instructor. He's extremely skilled and knowledgeable. His classes are not just cardio kicking and punching, but focus on proper technique, form, and real skill development without getting injured. He explains movements clearly, gives great feedback, and makes every workout feel purposeful. I highly recommend his classes if you want a workout, learn something new, get stronger, and have fun.

 ### Lucia J.

 ##### 12/13/25

 Perfection starts with imperfection. Start building your new habits today!

 # YOU'RE READY! START TODAY.

 SEE CLASS SCHEDULE
