---
source_url: http://greatgrappling.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://greatgrappling.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:33.379Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts Classes In Fort Mill ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Great Grappling Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Treat Your Child to the Exciting World of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in our Kids Martial Arts Classes Give your child the best chance to thrive with our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Fort Mill. Like everything else at Great Grappling, our Kids classes are built around the sport of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and the total-body tools it can offer.
 From improved athletic ability to boosted confidence and real-world self-defense skills, our Kids Martial Arts Classes are equipping students across Fort Mill, Charlotte, and beyond with a skillset for any situation.
 Learn more or get started today. Just fill out the short form on your screen!
 ## How Does our Kids Martial Arts Program Work? We know students grow and learn at different paces. That's why our Kids Martial Arts Classes include hands-on instruction and dedicated professionals who care about your child's success. Our Classes at Great Grappling Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offer training for students ages 4-6 and for students ages 7 and up.
 From day one, your child will learn the techniques and skills of BJJ, while also feeling supported and challenged to give it their all. Join us in Fort Mill and treat your child to:
 - Improved focus and discipline - Incredible dedication and perseverance - Boosted self-confidence - Pride in themselves and an appreciation for the learning process
 ## From Day One, Your Child will Learn Lifelong Habits of Physical Activity We all know how hard it is to keep our young kids active. But our Kids Martial Arts program makes it more fun than ever.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes challenge students in every class with new skills or a new move. We maintain a light-hearted, high-energy environment where students feel driven to give it their all and get better every single day.
 In a safe and supervised setting, your child can develop:
 - Boosted mobility and agility - Incredible balance and coordination - Speed, strength, and athleticism - A love for staying active and challenging themselves
 ## Check it out Today! Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Fort Mill are Perfect for Students of All Ages! Give your child a boost today with the best Kids Martial Arts Classes in town. We're treating students from Fort Mill and Charlotte to the exciting world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and we're doing it with the help of a fun and supportive environment.
 Get started today and build your child up one step at a time. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about everything we have to offer at Great Grappling Brazilian Jiu Jitsu!

 I’ve been training at Great Grappling for about a year and a half now, and it has truly had a positive impact on my life. I’ve lost a noticeable amount of weight, gained previously undiscovered confidence in myself, and made connections that will last a lifetime. While training, I’ve met people from all walks of life who have been brought together through the common interest of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and the community that has developed through it is incredible. Professor and owner Jeremy Arel also offers a one week free trial to new students who want to try BJJ before committing to a membership, so it’s definitely worth checking out.

 I've been training at Great Grappling for 6 years, and I cannot give it higher praise. Professor Jeremy has created a community of people that care about training and growing as martial artists--but also care about each other as people. If you are a parent looking for a way to teach your children self-confidence or self-defense, this place is a must. If you are hoping to find an academy where you can learn this amazing art called Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, this is the place. Come train with us!

 Hey all,

 I ran into the Jeremy by complete accident, by rolling up to Gordo’s academy to train a few weeks and asking about places to stay. What I got was an amazingly warm welcome and a new family for a few weeks. Everyone at the Connection Rio house was friendly and fun, and they were serious about training BJJ. Awesome.

 As for Jeremy himself, it is few and far between to find people who are as dedicated to teaching as this man. The classes are very well researched, based upon extensive experience, and set in a format to learn through muscle memory. All of the techniques build off of each other in a continuum, designed around building a game plan and prepping for competition. Jeremy keeps things moving and fast-paced, but you never feel exhausted until its all over and you realize you’ve been training hard and nonstop. I highly recommend his classes and I’ll definitely be back again.

 Thanks, Jeremy!, will be seeing you at the Rio Open!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site!!!!! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
