---
source_url: https://www.zenjiujitsucharlotte.com/classes
final_url: https://www.zenjiujitsucharlotte.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:41.867Z
---

# Our Classes
 ## Adult/Teen Jiu-Jitsu
 To begin with, Instructor George Tala understands that everyone that trains does not have the desire to compete and that decision is respected. Furthermore, Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most effective, reality-based fighting systems in the world. Created by the Japanese Samurai and migrated to Brazil and to the United States. The basic premise of Jiu-Jitsu is that most fights end up on the ground. Therefore, Jiu-Jitsu is focused primarily on effective standing & ground combat. The primary goal is to put an attacker or opponent into situations where joint manipulations can be applied to force a submission.

 ## Kids JIU-JITSU
 History has proven that martial arts training can be a great opportunity for children to learn discipline, mental strength, focus, hard work, integrity, confidence, teamwork, and more. Ultimately, martial arts are about continuous self-improvement physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually. In addition, the goal is also to bully-proof your child against bullies. Personally, Instructor Tala understands that the scars caused bullying can last many years and can destroy self-esteem and confidence. At Zen Jiu-Jitsu we have one of the best Kids/Teens programs for building positive behavior. Professor Tala specializes in behavioral modification through Jiu-Jitsu on and off the mat. Come have fun with us at Zen Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness.
 Our students Love it!

 ## No Gi
 NoGi Jiu-Jitsu is the ground-combat martial art that focuses on joint locks, neck strangulations, and body positions. It is based off the physics of using leverage, human body mechanics, balance, and techniques to create dominant positions against a live opponent. It is the precision of NoGi that creates favorable situations for the MMA ground game.

 ## Boxing/MMA
 MMA is the combination of Jiu-jitsu, Wrestling, Judo, Boxing and Kicking. A Combat Sport that is based on adaptation. The MMA classes at Zen Jiu-Jitsu and Fitness are a fusion of techniques from various disciplines as mentioned above.

 Impact Wrestling Club -
 Wrestling is as much a mental challenge as a physical one. It teaches:
 - Focus and perseverance - Resilience under pressure - Strategic thinking and problem-solving These translate to better performance in school, work, and life outside the gym!
