---
source_url: http://www.gmbjjrm.com
final_url: https://www.gmbjjrm.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:14.457Z
---

999074_10201784205751008_854172701_n.jpg

 999074_10201784205751008_854172701_n.jpg

 1/1

 ##### Welcome to Gustavo Machado Rocky Mount! ##### ​ We provide instruction in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Mixed Martial Arts for the entire family. Our Academy offers a friendly training atmosphere for ANYONE to learn an extremely effective system of self-defense. Whether you aspire to protect yourself, your family, gain self-confidence or simply improve your overall physical health, you'll find it here!
 We are Rocky Mount's FIRST & most experienced BJJ Academy. Under the instruction of Professor Eric Griffin, a Rocky Mount native & 3rd Degree Black Belt with over 30 years of martial arts experience. Our Academy boasts not one, but FIVE Black Belts with over 100 years of combined experience. We strive to provide a clean & safe environment where every student feels at home on the mats.
 From beginners to advanced BJJ, Ladies only classes, Kids Jitsu, Judo, & Striking/MMA, you won't find a gym in the twin counties more dedicated to diversity & inclusion. Our passion is sharing the love we have for Jiu-Jitsu with everyone who walks through our doors.

 ###### Our Instructors
 ###### Our Facilities
 ###### About Us
 Our Academy is dedicated to providing top quality instruction in a state of the art facility. Our Instructors are nationally certified and accredited and committed to helping you achieve your training goals. We provide students with the highest level of BJJ education in a safe, positive, and uplifting environment.

 ###### Contact Us
 1155 Jeffreys Road
 Rocky Mount, NC 27804
 (Benvenue Plaza)
 info@gmbjjrm.com
 252-904-7296

 - - -
