---
source_url: http://cemartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.cemartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:48.658Z
---

# WELCOME TO CUTTING EDGE MARTIAL ARTS
 At Cutting Edge Martial Arts, we strive to empower students to tackle challenges and take on new experiences. Whether you're looking for kids classes, seeking practical self-defense skills and tactics, or looking for constant variety in your workouts, we've got a class for you!

 ## OUR PURPOSE
 In 2011, Cutting Edge Martial Arts came to be with a specific purpose: to bring modern, high-quality self-defense and martial arts training to Bozeman and Big Sky. Our unique approach to teaching and our adaptation to individual students' learning styles helps us align with your training goals. We invite you to explore our engaging and diverse class content, and contact us with any questions.

 More About Us

 ## Classes
 Kids Class

 Monday - Thursday
 4:30-5:15pm

 This is the beginner's class for kids 5-13. Classes focus on discipline, focus, and practical self-defense skills through a wide variety of exercises, drills, and activities.

 Adult Class

 Monday - Friday
 Noon - 1pm
 Monday - Thursday
 6-7pm

 This class for teens(12+) and adults is guaranteed to give you a workout unlike any you've experienced while teaching self-defense focused martial arts skills from BJJ, Krav Maga, Muay Thai, and more.

 Peewee
 Class

 Monday - Thursday
 4-4:30pm
 (September-May only)

 This class is for kiddos aged 4-5 and focuses on fun, focus, coordination, basic martial arts and self-defense techniques.

 Tai Chi

 Tuesdays
 7-8pm
 Thursdays
 1-2pm
 7-8pm

 This adult class focuses on low-impact Tai Chi training, with occasional dips into other "internal" martial arts. Available as a stand-alone from other classes.

 Private Class

 Fit to Your Schedule

 Looking for private martial arts, personal training, or self-defense instruction? Contact us to setup an exclusive class tailored exactly to your needs and goals.

 Aikido

 Saturdays
 8:30-noon
 Tuesdays
 6:15-7:15am
 Wednesdays
 7-8:30pm

 Aikido was developed in the 20th century to utilize an opponent’s attacking energy in order to subdue them without injury. Also a stand-alone curriculum.
 ​Visit the Aikido website here .

 ## CURRENT OFFERS AND EVENTS
 ### A WEEK OF FREE CLASSES
 Ready to try a class? Try a week for free to get started!

 Email Us

 ### TWO MONTH SPECIAL 2 Months Unlimited Classes
 Loved your free week? Sign up for two months of classes for only $99 (uniform included).

 Call Us
 Book Now!

 ## CONTACT US
 2430 N7th #2, Bozeman

 maaustin.cemartialarts@gmail.com

 406-570-1844

 - - -

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
