---
source_url: https://www.roanokejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://roanokejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:32.672Z
---

# Roanoke JiuJitsu Academy #### Become Awesome Free Trial Sign Up!
 Pause Video

 #### Welcome to! ## Roanoke JiuJitsu Academy
 The goal at our Academy is to build a family and community-focused space for anyone who wants to learn the Gentle Art of JiuJitsu. We are conveniently located at the intersection of highways 114 and 377, just two miles from Byron Nelson High School.
 We offer two age groups of kids’ classes: 4-6 years old, and 7-12 years old. We also offer teen/adult classes for members 13 and up. Membership is offered on a month-to-month basis, with no contract. It includes unlimited JiuJitsu classes. We also will NEVER charge for promotions or ask for “belt testing” fees. Our members earn their ranks based on development.
 Please feel free to stop by, and try out as many classes as you need for free to decide if this is the right place for you and/or your family
 If you’re looking for a laid back and recreational place to learn and practice JiuJitsu, we would love to see you on the mat.

 ## Programs We have 3 separate programs depending on the age of the student. Parents are also always welcomed to join their kids on the mats for the kid’s classes. No annual contract required.

 ## About Us We are a Veteran/Teacher owned, Christian, Family, and Homeschool friendly organization. We also offer free memberships for police officer and schoolteachers.

 ## Schedule We train 6 days a week and offer unlimited classes and open mats. There is never any charge for trial classes. So please feel free to stop in anytime and try us out for as long as you need to see if this is a good fit for you and your family.

 ## Gallery We’ve been busy. Come take a look at all the fun things we’ve been doing at Roanoke JiuJitsu Academy!

 ## Testimonials

 Awesome place and instruction for the whole family! It has become like a second home for us. Very grateful for Coach Zac!

 Meghan O. , Google

 My family loves Roanoke jiu jitsu academy, coach Zach is an awesome teacher and works well with the children, definitely a place the whole family can enjoy together!

 Steady C. , Google

 Great instruction and coaching! I trust his teaching for me and my children.

 Ismael S. , Google

 Great facility with an outstanding Coach and team! My son has gone every day and moment he could to train he enjoys the atmosphere so much. Highly recommend.

 Nick D. , Google
