---
source_url: http://graciebayview.com/
final_url: https://graciebayview.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:04.488Z
---

- info@graciebayview.com - 419-764-9315

 Menu

 # Toledo's best Martial Arts SCHOOL

 Find out why so many people in Toledo turn to Gracie Bay View for their martial arts training. Parents just like you have discovered how to maximize their child's potential and accelerate their development! Request more information or get started today with our Exclusive Online Only Offer! Discounts for Military Police and Fire.

 - Toledo members have seen improvements in as little as 7 days!

 ## view our scheduleand gain access to our exclusive web special

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Program 🔻 Select A Program Kids Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 8-13) Teen & Adult Jiu-Jitsu (14+) Vale Tudo Self Defense (14+)

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Gracie Bay View. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsu Ages 8-13in Toledo Our kids Jiu-Jitsu program in Toledo gives your child the tools they need to protect themselves with self defense, but it also equips them with incredible life skills like focus, discipline, respect, and more! Watch them improve in school, too!

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen & Adult Jiu-Jitsu Ages 14 and Upin Toledo Great friends, great fun- crush your fitness goals with our adult Jiu-Jitsu classes in Toledo. Learn self defense skills and Jiu-Jitsu together while having a ton of fun. No more boring workouts!

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Vale Tudo Self Defense Ages 14 and Upin Toledo Learn to protect yourself from danger and become confident in your body's abilities with our self defense classes in Toledo!

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## why CHOOSE Gracie Bay View?

 Since we’ve opened, we’ve been dedicated to changing the lives of people one person at a time, through martial arts, education and coaching. We strive to provide a safe, comfortable and welcoming atmosphere for all students and family members in Toledo. We take pride in creating an environment for individuals to achieve, develop and succeed in their personal goals.
 We strongly believe that martial arts can be for everyone, regardless of age, gender or experience levels. Throughout all of our programs, students will not only learn the necessary skill sets to protect themselves, we stand behind our realistic and practical approach, confident it will enable every member to achieve greatness and live their best life.

 "I really appreciate the approach that Jason and the other coaches take with the kids. Keeping it fun so they pay attention, but also keeping the kids in line."

 "Sensei Jason and coaches provide a learning environment that leads to successful students of this art of self-defense . Second to none!"

 "Great academy! The safe atmosphere and wonderful coaches !"

 It's a great reminder that Jiu-Jitsu is not a destination but a journey. And there is no better place to take that journey than at Bay View !

 " Great class ! The instructors are incredibly knowledgeable and provide an excellent atmosphere Great place to learn! "

 ## About our programs

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsu Ages 8-13in Toledo Parents LOVE our Toledo Kids Jiu-Jitsu program because it teaches not only self defense, but also vital life skills like focus, discipline, respect, and more! Watch your child's confidence flourish and their grades improve with this awesome Child Greatness program.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen & Adult Jiu-Jitsu Ages 14 and Upin Toledo Our Toledo Adult Jiu-Jitsu program combines next-level fitness with next-level FUN- no more boring workouts! It's time to switch up your routine and get the results you've been looking for in an awesome community of like-minded people.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Vale Tudo Self Defense Ages 14 and Upin Toledo Toledo self defense training with our studio will help you get fit and learn how to protect yourself, even from opponents who are bigger and stronger than you. Grab a friend for this fun, informative training!

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Martial Arts Programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Toledo martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to Black Belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for Black Belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Gracie Bay View Toledo are dedicated to helping you on your journey to Black Belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. To take advantage of our limited time offer…. The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Toledo martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes with no exposed zippers or buttons that you can do sport in!

 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Gracie Bay View in Toledo have martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 ### Gracie Bay View Toledo

 We’re located at 5161 Suder Ave , stop by and say hello!
