---
source_url: https://fbjjonline.com
final_url: https://fbjjonline.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:51.378Z
---

# Welcome to Foster BJJ We strive to create a supportive community that brings all walks of life together to help develop confidence both on and off the mats!

 Sign up for a free trial class
 Sign up for a free trial class

 Schedule a Drop-In Class
 Schedule a Drop-In Class

 ## Foster Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Professor James Foster | 5th Degree Black belt

 FBJJ offers the most comprehensive Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) program in the Seattle area with classes offered seven days a week including mornings, afternoons, and evenings. Whether you’re a beginner or advanced, want to learn BJJ for self defense, or looking for a fun hobby that keeps you in shape, FBJJ has a program that’s right for you!

 Learn more
 Learn more

 Did you receive a VIP Pass from a friend? You’ve come to the right place. Redeem it here!

 Redeem your VIP Pass
 Redeem your VIP Pass

 ## Classes

 ### Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Submission Grappling (No-Gi)

 Our BJJ classes cover a wide variety of techniques and drills designed for all levels of students.

 Our No Gi classes cover a wide variety of techniques and drills for all skill levels, beginner to advanced, WITHOUT wearing the traditional gi.

 ### KIDS Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### BJJ 101

 Classes designed to help your child develop self confidence, discipline, respect, and coordination while training in a fun and exciting family atmosphere.

 Designed to develop and refine the foundational mechanics of technique as well as your overall understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 See All Classes
 See All Classes

 Gallery

 - - - - - - - - - - -

 ### What People Are Saying

 “Between the sense of community, the fulfillment of getting better at a challenging task, a great workout and a truly enjoyable environment, joining Foster’s Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has been one of the most rewarding decisions I’ve made in years. The only mistake was not joining sooner.”
 #### — Craig B.

 “I came to Foster BJJ after moving away from a gym I loved and now I can’t imagine ever leaving. Foster’s feel like home. It’s such a welcoming and supportive environment and there’s something for everyone from the serious competitor to the person wanting to casually try something new.”
 #### — Nick B.

 “Foster Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has been a pillar in both my physical and mental health. For the past 4+ years, it has served as a safe and constructive space for me to get a great workout and exercise my mind. As someone who works from home full time, it's been one of the best activities to keep me sane.”
 #### — Ryan L.

 ## “Don’t let your fear of discomfort hinder your growth.” — James “300” Foster
