---
source_url: http://www.6levelsapopka.com
final_url: https://rodjitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:17.128Z
---

- - - - -

 5.0 Rating

 - - - - -

 4.8 Rating

 # Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy Apopka’s Premier Martial Arts Facility For All Ages At Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy, we believe that embracing the discipline of martial arts is a gateway to living your most empowered life. Dive deeper and discover how our school can be your first step towards transformative growth and self-discovery.

 Select a Program

 - - - - -

 5.0 Rating

 - - - - -

 4.8 Rating

 # Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy Apopka’s Premier Martial Arts Facility For All Ages At Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy, we believe that embracing the discipline of martial arts is a gateway to living your most empowered life. Dive deeper and discover how our school can be your first step towards transformative growth and self-discovery.

 Select a Program

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!
 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Women’s Self-Defense Mighty Mites (4 – 6) Youth Jiu-Jitsu (7 – 10) Youth MMA (7 – 10) Teen Jiu-Jitsu (11 – 14) Adult Jiu-Jitsu (15+) Adult MMA (15+) Private & Small Group Lessons Summer Camp -

 MARTIAL ARTS IN Apopka
 ## WELCOME TO Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 OUR PROGRAMS
 ## MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN Apopka Looking for the right martial arts class? Check out Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy's variety of programs, designed for all ages and skills. Pick one to get more details and kickstart your journey.

 Mighty Mites (4 – 6)
 Empower your child through our martial arts classes. Fueling their boundless curiosity and energy, we offer expert guidance, vibrant learning, and endless fun.
 View Program

 Youth Jiu-Jitsu (7 – 10)
 Structured classes, real self-defense, and life skills that help kids grow up focused, respectful, and confident.
 View Program

 Youth MMA (7 – 10)
 Build your child’s focus, confidence, and self-control in a high-energy class they’ll actually look forward to.
 View Program

 Teen Jiu-Jitsu (11 – 14)
 Ignite the journey of teenagers from youth to adulthood, amplifying their emotional intelligence and empowering them to unleash their ultimate potential.
 View Program

 Adult Jiu-Jitsu (15+)
 Are you ready to elevate your life and well-being? Explore the numerous physical, mental, and social benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy.
 View Program

 Adult MMA (15+)
 Mixed Martial Arts at Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy boosts mental sharpness, resilience, fitness, and energy, all in one dynamic training experience.
 View Program

 Private & Small Group Lessons
 Get focused, one-on-one or small group coaching designed around your goals, your pace, and your schedule—whether you're training for confidence, competition, or real-world self-defense.
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Unlock a summer of empowerment and fun for your child with Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy's Summer Camp in Apopka.
 View Program

 Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy REVIEWS
 ## See what our members say See what our members are saying! Browse through the reviews to get a glimpse of the Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy experience straight from our community.

 Howard Hairston
 The Six Levels Team instructors are very knowledgeable and do an amazing job with working with their students one on one. My son enjoys going to the classes and is excited about the techniques that he is learning.

 Alyssa Davenport
 Best Gracie jiu-jitsu gym around.

 Emily Craig
 Our son has been doing the Mighty Mites class for a few weeks now and we are so happy with it! All of the coaches are incredible, and we love that we get the foundation of jiu-jitsu for him. Definitely check them out!

 Zack Turnbow
 All of the coaches are able to teach each child in a way they can understand what is being taught. Respect and confidence is taught as well with a strong focus on working hard to see the benefits.

 Jessica Rosenfeld
 My kids have been attending since Oct 2023 and we LOVE it. The coaches are knowledgeable, encouraging and positive. The price is affordable and the options to attend (5 days a week) is perfect for our family. Love the easy going but professional and hard working personalities of Rodney, Michelle and Coaches. Absolutely loving it. Can't recommend enough. Looking forward to Summer Camp! Give them a try, you won't be disappointed 🙂

 Adam Questell
 Awesome facility and coaches

 Kyle Eazsol
 Great instructors, great people, been overall an awesome experience.
 Update: been going here since March 2021 and it is October 2023. My opinion I shared has only improved. This place is like a family.

 Danny Davenport
 Everyone's treated like family. Kids have a blast and learn so much. So beneficial for self-confidence. My son loves it and can't wait to go throw some overhand lefts every Saturday. Highly recommend .

 Boar Lord
 Dance or gymnastics not cutting it? Put your kid in Jiu-Jitsu... More specifically, 6 Levels/Gracie Jiu-Jitsu. If you're anywhere near Apopka, go try it out. The coaches are top notch and will get your kid focused and involved. Remember, you're not raising "kids"... you're training new humans to be adults. The principles of Jiu-Jitsu are a useful skill that will be second nature to a person if introduced early. Hard work pays off. 😉

 Kris Watson
 Best place in town for kids to learn discipline, team work, and self confidence.

 Stephen Lee
 All the coaches here are amazing. The ones that really helped me on my Jiu Jitsu journey were Arnie and Rodney. They took the time to make sure I understood every move and corrected me when I needed correcting. They improved my game so much. I would continue to train here if it weren't so far away from where I live.

 Paul Muniz
 Fantastic facility that is kept immaculately clean. Good training partners at all levels. The coaches are what make this place amazing! There is zero ego from any of the coaches and they all want to help as much as they can. Rodney is great with adults, but absolutely next level with the children! Incredibly thankful to have my 3 kids there learning and training with Michelle and Rodney. Fortunate to have the opportunity for my wife and I to also learn and train here.

 Eric Khadaroo
 At the start of this summer my 7 yo was ready to test the martial arts water. We visited ALL martial arts establishments in Apopka and decided this was the best spot; based on cleanliness, layout of facilities, location, and accessibility of classes and the ease of working with Coach Rodney. These were my 7 yo assessments. When he took the free week of trial I was coerced to join him. Then we met and were amazed at the amount of senior belt practitioners assisting with classes. Kids are individually coached for safety. I can’t say enough how this single element of many coaches per classes has put my mind at ease, with regards to, safety for my young son. My journey, has embraced all of the patient and helpful members of this gym in taking time out of their training to teach me the martial ways. I’m much older and learn at a slower pace. Everyone helps along the way. I’m sure there are other gyms that foster a thriving environment. But for now we are pleased with our selection and hope to continue our journey here. Thanks for creating a learning and nurturing environment for older, middle, and younger generations to practice safely.

 Michael Lav
 Great learning environment with no pressure and no egos.

 Jonathan Gore
 Been training exactly 1 week at The Six Levels and I am “hooked” on Gracie Jiu Jitsu. Everyone there immediately welcomes you into the fold as part of the tribe. I am amazed at how every student training there is willing to teach and impart their Jiu Jitsu experience to help beginners out. Truly a perfect atmosphere for learning. This atmosphere is created due to the fact that there are zero egos. Everyone is a student of the art and wants to learn and improve themselves at the same time helping to improve their training partners skill sets. Coach Rodney and Andy are extremely skilled, very technical, and down to earth. I know I am in good hands. The training facility is brand new and extremely well maintained. Very happy to have found this place and highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning this incredible martial art.

 Jim Sc
 My 8yr old son started about 2 months ago. He was not very outgoing. They first day we visited this gym he already had me ordering his Gi. He loves it.
 All of the instructors are very friendly and well versed in the sport.
 They go beyond the technique and teach values, bullying and what had work does.
 The kids class is so much fun to watch.
 My boy has made lots of friends there that carry over to personal life outside the gym.
 Rodney and his wife have something special there.
 Your son/daughter need a hobby?
 Stop or call here today!

 Debra L Dillman Pierce
 it is a great place to learn self defense and learn from a great teacher. the whole family can enjoy.

 Brandelle George
 Builds self confidence! Best thing since the Marines. My son, nephew, niece all go with me.

 Baron Pitz
 Great facility with great staff!! Very welcoming environment for those of all ages to learn the art of Gracie Jiu Jitsu! Highly recommended!!

 COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
 ## PROVIDING HIGH-QUALITY MARTIAL ARTS We're proud to welcome people from Apopka and nearby communities. Click any city below to get directions via Google Maps, see how close we are, and plan your visit with ease.

 Apopka, FL

 Mt. Dora, FL

 Ocoee, FL

 Orlando, FL

 Altamonte Springs, FL

 Wekiwa Springs, FL

 Tavares, FL

 Eustis, FL

 Winter Park, FL

 Winter Garden, FL

 OUR BLOG
 ## HELPFUL TIPS FROM Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy Whether you’re a beginner eager to learn, a parent seeking to empower your child, or just curious about the art, our blog is your go-to source for valuable guidance and inspiration. Dive into our posts and embark on a journey to enhance your skills and well-being!

 Why Parents in Apopka Are Choosing Jiu-Jitsu for Their Kids Over Traditional Sports
 When it comes to choosing the right activity for your child, most parents in Apopka start by looking at familiar options like soccer, basketball, or baseball. But more and more families are discovering the benefits of something different—and more impactful: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. At 6 Levels Apopka Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, we specialize in helping kids develop […]
 READ MORE »

 Women in Jiu-Jitsu: Empowerment Through Martial Arts at 6 Levels Apopka
 Women in Jiu-Jitsu: Empowerment Through Martial Arts Discover Real Confidence, Real Skills, and Real Community at 6 Levels Apopka More and more women in Apopka are turning to Gracie Jiu-Jitsu—and not just for fitness. At 6 Levels Apopka, we’ve seen firsthand how Jiu-Jitsu builds confidence, community, and real-world self-defense skills that every woman deserves to […]
 READ MORE »

 The Positive Effects of Martial Arts for a Child in School
 Grade school can be quite the experience for any child. It is a place where a child not only learns academically but one where a child must learn to socialize and function in the world. Unfortunately, there are a lot of negative experiences that a child may have when going through school. Whatever those experiences […]
 READ MORE »

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Women’s Self-Defense Mighty Mites (4 – 6) Youth Jiu-Jitsu (7 – 10) Youth MMA (7 – 10) Teen Jiu-Jitsu (11 – 14) Adult Jiu-Jitsu (15+) Adult MMA (15+) Private & Small Group Lessons Summer Camp -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Rodjitsu Martial Arts Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
