---
source_url: http://www.renzograciemcallen.com/programs
final_url: https://renzograciemcallen.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:04.137Z
---

# STRUCTURED PROGRAMS FOR EVERYONE Schedule a FREE CLASS

 ## CHAMPIONS IN LIFE! #### What does it take to be a champion in life? To excel in any endeavor, individuals need to have a strong set of values and a solid character that gives them perseverance to achieve his or her goals.
 The Renzo Gracie McAllen Future Champions Program was created to provide children ages 3-15 with an environment that allows them to experience and understand core values like focus, discipline, persistence, cooperation and respect.
 As a contact sport, Renzo Gracie McAllen Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu provides a very challenging yet safe and caring environment for a child to mature towards a real-life champion. The outcome of continued childhood practice of RGTXBJJ goes far beyond the accomplishments on the mats. The discipline and excellence demanded by our instructors often carries over to the child’s behavior at home and at school.
 Our Future Champions Program is typically subdivided in three different groups to accommodate students of different ages and skill levels:

 ### YOUTH PROGRAMS
 Our CUBS here at RGMTX are our Future Champs!

 #### TINY CUBS AGES 3 & 4

 We focus on Balance & Coordination. Tiny Cubs will begin to start their Jiu Jitsu Journey by learning basic Jiu Jitsu vocabulary and positions in a fun & safe manner.

 #### LITTLE CUBS AGES 5 ,6, & 7

 A structured curriculum is in place for the little cubs to work one on one with their peers on the techniques. Submission will be taught and drills will be added to their daily routine. Sparring will be introduced.

 #### JUNIOR CUBS AGES 8-13

 A structured curriculum is in place for the Junior cubs to work on on one with their peers on their techniques. Submissions will be taught, drills will be added, & specific training will occur each class. Sparring time will be allowed.

 ### TEEN & ADULT PROGRAMS
 Our programs are available to all people regardless of age or skill level .

 #### TEENS AGES 13-15

 Our Teens are in the same class time and follow the same class structure as our Adult Fundamentals Program.

 #### ADULT FUNDAMENTALS AGES 16-99

 Jiu Jitsu training for beginners & experienced adult. Our Fundamental training works on the basics of Jiu Jitsu. Students see results that go beyond gains in strength, flexibility, fitness or self-defense skills. By working & applying these skills on & off the mats, students experience an overall improvement on their focus, energy & general well-being. Its structure condenses an immense diversity of Jiu Jitsu core fundamental moves combined intelligently and safely to optimize your learning.

 #### ADULT ADVANCED AGES 16-99

 Advanced technical Jiu Jitsu Training for adults with fundamental Jiu Jitsu experience. This Program is an extension of the Fundamental Program and allows you to participate in both Fundamental & Advanced Classes. While the Fundamentals Program focuses on the building blocks & basic principles of Jiu Jitsu, the Advanced Program is built on high-level techniques & drills that start shaping students game flow through the development of reflexes, speed & reaction time as well as transitions.

 #### DEFENSE FITNESS COURSE - JAN 06 2026 THRU APR 02 2026 AGES 13 & UP $100 per month

 This is a 1 HOUR CLASS Tuesday & Thursday 9am-10am. This is a physical class. It will be a workout as well as learning techniques including offensive and defensive skills. You will work with a partner each class to practice these techniques. This would be great to do with a friend or family member, but you can definitely join on your own as well REGISTER HERE

 \

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
