---
source_url: http://www.claunchacademyofbjj.com
final_url: https://www.claunchacademyofbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:54:25.844Z
---

# Welcome to Claunch Academy of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, a North Austin Jiu-Jitsu school We are a traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training academy serving the Austin, Cedar Park, and Leander communities. Classes are available for all adults, experienced and beginner.

 Start Training Today

 ## Challenge your mind and body with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training in North Austin
 The Claunch Academy of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an officially recognized IBJJF Brazilian Jiu Jitsu School located in Austin, Texas.
 Team Brasa Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 4th Degree Black Belt Jason Claunch serves as the Head Instructor of our academy. Mr. Claunch received his Black belt from 3x Worlds Medalist Mario Queiroga in 2011. Jason Claunch is an official International Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation (IBJJF) Certified 4th Degree Black Belt.
 Joining Mr. Claunch is Instructor Griff Dabadie, an IBJJF Certified 2nd Degree Black Belt, and is a Second Degree Brown Belt in Judo; Instructor Branden James, a Certified 2nd Degree Black Belt in BJJ; Instructors Clint Randolph and Lyle Garza who are 1st Degree Team Brasa Black Belts; and Instructor Matias Garza who is a Team Brasa Black Belt in BJJ.
 If you are searching for top notch Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction at an excellent facility search no more.

 About Our Academy

 ## We teach an organized and comprehensive curriculum in traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at our academy. ### We focus on the technical development and safety of each student.
 ### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a combat sport, martial art, and self-defense system that emphasizes ground fighting and submission techniques to overcome your opponent.

 Learn More

 ### Belt Ranking System The Brazilian jiu-jitsu ranking system is a means of signifying a practitioner’s increasing levels of technical knowledge and practical skill.

 Learn More

 ### Gallery Get a feel for what it is like to train at the Claunch Academy. Check out our academy photo gallery.

 Learn More

 ## Academy Membership - Amazing rates for month-to-month membership. - No contracts, period. - World class training facility - Classes six days a week, including weekends - Gi and no-Gi training sessions - Seminars, special events, and more

 Become A Member
