---
source_url: https://juberajj.com
final_url: https://juberajj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.081Z
---

# Learn from 2x BJJ World Champion

 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Programs

 ### Beginner Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our beginner Jiu-Jitsu programs are designed for anyone regardless of body type and fitness level. This welcoming and patient environment will allow you to develop a passion for Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and controlled space.

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gives your child the best martial arts for kids because it focuses on grappling instead of punching and kicking. Your child will grow in this challenging, but safe environment while learning focus, respect and self-discipline.

 ### Intermediate & Advanced Jiu-Jitsu Our intermediate and advanced Jiu-Jitsu programs are designed to take our students to blue belt and beyond. These classes are available for those with about 6 months of experience. and above.

 ### No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Our No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu program is built on the ADCC techniques of Xande Ribeiro and the wrestling and leglock game Professor Jubera has built over the years training with the best in the world.

 ## Find Out More!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Send

 By submitting contact information you agree to receive emails and SMS from Jubera Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu about our programs. We will not share your information.

 ### Lovato Seminar & Self Defense 04/20/2026
 Rafael Lovato Jr. Seminar in Broomfield – May 18th May is shaping up to be an exciting month at our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school in Broomfield,

 Read More »
 ### Gi Cleaning Tips 04/07/2026
 Smells Like Teen Spirit By Michael B. If you’ve been training for any length of time, you’ve probably rolled with someone whose gi looked and smelled

 Read More »
 ### Spring Upcoming Events 04/06/2026
 Mastering Challenges Beginner Friendly Tournament We’ve got some exciting events coming up for our community here at Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu in Broomfield, Colorado. First up

 Read More »
 ### Victor Hugo wins $50K Grand Prix 03/18/2026
 Victor Hugo Wins IBJJF Grand Prix — A Dominant, Smart Performance The Jiu-Jitsu world just saw another incredible run from Victor Hugo, who took gold

 Read More »
 ### Great Start to 2026 02/23/2026
 Felipe Costa Seminar We started out the year with a visit from one of my favorite people to train with and one of athletes that

 Read More »
 ### Lovato Jr beats Bodoni in Japan 11/26/2025
 On November 10th I headed to Tokyo, Japan to coach and corner multiple time world champion Rafael Lovato Jr against 2x ADCC Champion Giancarlo Bodoni

 Read More »

 Aaron Lazar★★★★★ Jubera Jiu-Jitsu is a first class academy with amazing talent. People who train here are world class. It's a clean and well kept school. It's perfect for the beginner and the advanced classes are taught by people who are competing and winning.

 Korey Anderson★★★★★ We started with my daughter training here. After watching from the sidelines for a couple years, my younger kids and I all joined too. They do an amazing job with the kiddos. They definitely keep it fun. Also, all the women are so supportive and I am in love with BJJ now.

 Joe Pasko★★★★★ Matt Jubera is a rare talent in the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu world. Matt combines cutting edge top level Jiu Jitsu competition ability with a strategic and well thought out approach to training.

 ## Welcome to Jubera Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Hi there, in case we haven’t met my name is Professor Matt Jubera.
 Many students and parents walk through the doors and think Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is just what they see in the UFC, but there is so much more to it. Our goal at Jubera Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu improve our lives through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Kids improve their focus, grit and self-confidence while adults get fit, develop mastery and become a better version of themselves. Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu the best martial art for kids, absolutely !
 What is your culture like for the adult program? I think you are going to walk in and find a place that you can belong to. Laid back and welcoming, our students are chill before class in a big circle with music playing in the background. We want guys who are nice and friendly to beginners and give tough technical rolls to more advanced people. Amazing culture and great instruction are why we have large beginner classes and our advanced classes have a lot of black belts attending.
 Do you have a Gracie Lineage? Yes, our lineage falls under the Royler Gracie and I represented his Gracie Humaita team in Brazil and have been fortunate enough to train with members of the Gracie family. My instructors Saulo and Xande Ribeiro were Royler Gracie’s best students and Xande Ribeiro is one of the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competitors of all time.
 Do you have to be an athlete to be good at BJJ? No! I started martial arts as a skinny kid, but I was lucky to have great coaches and a love of the art. I want to ignite that love for BJJ in new students. I have had students who are over 65 years old, over 350lbs. Most students never compete, but BJJ changed their life in truly meaningful ways. Like planting a tree, the best time to start was 20 years ago, the next best time is today.
 Most people have the same concerns. “I am too out of shape” “I am too busy” “I am too old”
 Everything that you want in life is outside your comfort zone . If it was inside your comfort, you would already have it. But things that are challenging and difficult will scare us a bit. Use that nervousness as a directional arrow of where you should be going. Everyone who comes in the door is going to have worries, but everyone ends class sweaty, with a smile on their face and the satisfaction of doing something difficult. They get hooked on the technical learning, the fun of training and the awesome workout.
 What about people with no experience, do we have beginner classes? Absolutely. Here are some additional tips for beginners and information about allowed moves and etiquette .
 What about a uniform? Other academies require you get their uniform and rash guards from them. You can get one from us (we use Break Point and Fuji gi’s), or here are some recommendations about uniforms if you want to get them from some place else.
 How do I get started? Just fill out the contact form.
 Best,
 Professor Matt Jubera
