---
source_url: http://www.oregonbjj.com
final_url: https://oregonbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:58.594Z
---

## CAIO TERRA ACADEMY HILLSBORO CTA Hillsboro is focused on spreading the Art of Jiu-Jitsu while staying true to the standards set by Professor Caio Terra.

 ## MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY | CTA HILLSBORO OREGON

 ##### PROGRAMS FOR MEN, WOMEN, AND CHILDREN OF ALL LEVELS

 Caio Terra Academy (CTA), Hillsboro was founded in 2009. Head Instructor and owner, Shawn Chandler, strongly believes that through Jiu-Jitsu / Martial Arts we can make the world a better place. At CTA Hillsboro EVERYONE is welcome!

 2-Day Free Trial

 ## There’s a Program for everyone!

 ##### PROGRAMS FOR MEN, WOMEN, AND CHILDREN OF ALL LEVELS

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 At Caio Terra Academy Hillsboro, we are a proud member of the Caio Terra Association. All classes follow the curriculum set forth by 12-time world champion, Professor Caio Terra, and our schools run in accordance with the CTA standards!

 ### Kids Programs

 At the Caio Terra Academy Hillsboro, we believe that it’s more than helping your child succeed on the mat, it’s about helping your child succeed in life. Jiu-Jitsu teaches children discipline by requiring them to always respect everyone they encounter.

 ## Client testimonials

 ##### Making the world a better place, one member at a time

 ###### Monica Duckett, Student ##### I’ve always been a very shy, unathletic person, so deciding to start a sport for the first time this late in life wasn’t easy. After my husband started, he somehow talked me into trying it, and I was hooked from day one. What training in Jiu-Jitsu has done for my confidence and my physical strength is more than I expected. I can honestly say it’s changed my life for the better. I’ve made some amazing friends along the way, and I can’t say enough good things about Shawn, all the coaches, and my training partners.

 ###### Taylor OBrien, Student ##### I will admit I was nervous and hesitant to start BJJ because I had never done anything like it before. I am about 3 weeks in, and it has been one of my best choices yet! Every person I have met at CTA Hillsboro has been so nice, patient, and they push me to be better each time. I am never embarrassed to ask a question because all they want to do is help. I trust their knowledge and technique 100%. It is also always very clean! I highly recommend CTA Hillsboro to anyone who is considering joining.

 ###### Grayson Langham, Student ##### When I moved to the area, I was eager to pick up BJJ. I tried about every gym I could find within a 45-minute drive. CTA stands out for above the rest. This gym provides both a fantastic and healthy environment for self-improvement, along with a great group of instructors, and a great schedule for classes. Joining would be one of the best decisions you could make for yourself, both mentally and physically.

 ###### JT Matherly, Student ##### CTA Hillsboro is a great gym with a truly supportive team/family type atmosphere. Shawn and the rest of the instructors are truly passionate about what they do, placing great emphasis on the theory and "why" behind each move or technique. And, especially as a relative newcomer to combat sports, I have found it to be a great place to train in a constructive, supportive, respectful atmosphere. This is a really great place for folks of all backgrounds and experience levels.

 ## Why Choose CTA HILLSBORO?

 ##### we are a proud member of the Caio Terra Association

 1

 All classes follow the curriculum set forth by 12-time world champion, Professor Caio Terra

 2

 The CTA Standard : we believe that through Jiu-Jitsu, we can transform lives, building champions on and off the mat!

 3

 At CTA Hillsboro, we teach an evolved version of the Jiu-Jitsu passed down from Carlos and Helio Gracie.

 4

 Fitness to the next level : Dynamic movements and actively resisting opponents.

 5

 Much different than a traditional cardio class, no two training sessions are ever going to be the same.

 6

 Whether you’re a black belt or you have never stepped onto a mat before, we warmly welcome you.

 7

 We let you learn proper body mechanics and techniques that will build your foundation.

 8

 Build your base with our fundamental program and evolve to advanced where you apply the concepts and techniques against resisting opponents.

 ## We offer a 2 day, no obligation trial Try any of our classes and experience the Caio Terra difference!

 2-Day Free Trial

 ## Meet our trusted instructors

 ##### If you want to try an exciting martial art, learn self defense, or be a world champ, you are in good hands.

 ##### Caio Terra Association Founder

 ##### Shawn Chandler Head Instructor

 ##### BRYSEN YOSHIMORI Assistant Instructor

 ## Latest News

 ##### VIsit Blog

 ## Greetings CTA community! August 13, 2020
 We are happy to bring another blog update. These past few months have been extremely challenging for our gym and community. The rising of COVID cases has not slowed and it’s important we continue to follow guidelines to keep our community safe. Thankfully we have been able to stay open and operating during this time. […]
 Read More about Greetings CTA community!

 ## Welcome Brysen Yoshimori June 26, 2020
 We would like to welcome Brysen Yoshimori to the coaching staff! Brysen has been training at CTA Hillsboro for some time now and many of us already know him. The expertise and experience he brings to our staff will be invaluable and we are very excited about the future! Brsyen has been training jiu jitsu […]
 Read More about Welcome Brysen Yoshimori

 ## To our CTA Community! June 10, 2020
 We are back open! Thank you to our members who supported us during this time, construction, continuing to pay your dues, donating clothes, stuffing grappling dummies. This global pandemic has presented a unique set of challenges that we as a community came together and met head-on. We cannot express the depth of our gratitude. The […]
 Read More about To our CTA Community!

 ## Sign up for 2-day trial classes, Free!

 ##### Use the form below to get started.

 - Full name* - Email Address* - Phone number* -

 ## Visit our school

 Address: Caio Terra Hillsboro, 2020 NE Aloclek Dr., Hillsboro, Oregon 97124
