---
source_url: https://www.renzogracieeastside.com/class-schedule
final_url: https://www.renzogracieeastside.com/class-schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:01.864Z
---

## Class schedule

 Renzo Gracie East Side (RGES) welcomes students of all levels, from a total beginner to a seasoned black belt.
 The schedule below is kept up-to-date with any changes to classes due to holidays.

 A general description of each class can be viewed by clicking on the information icon and the additional details about classes can be found below.
 Additional information:
 - People interested in signing up for a membership should complete this form and we’ll reach out about next steps, including scheduling a private introduction for people who are new to martial arts. - We want our students to train as much as they can, which means that students may occasionally need to arrive once a BJJ class has started or leave before a class officially ends — as long as it is done safely and without disturbing the class. Students taking Muay Thai following a BJJ class must leave the BJJ class early so they can participate in the start of the Muay Thai class. - Visitors are able to take classes at RGES. Visitors should pre-register here to expedite on-site check-in and select the appropriate day pass, allowing them to train during all classes that day. Morning classes are currently open only to existing members; visitors interested attending an adult morning class must email gm@renzogracieeastside.com for possible accommodations. - Kids classes do not require any previous experience. We ask that students taking their first kids class arrive approximately 15 minutes early to introduce themselves to the instructor and get situated with waivers and loaner attire/equipment if needed (which is available only for a student’s first class). The kids programs have the following requirements:For BJJ classes, students are required to have a gi and belt. Students starting out with BJJ are welcome to wear lighter-weight gis made for other martial arts (e.g. karate). Belts should be BJJ-specific; beginning students start off with white belts.For striking classes, students are required to have gloves as we incorporate pad work in the classes. Other protective gear is not needed, as we do not have students sparring. No specific clothing is required aside from activewear; students may wear their BJJ gis if they plan on attending both classes.Updated 3.26.26
