---
source_url: https://www.renzogracieeastside.com/private-lessons
final_url: https://www.renzogracieeastside.com/private-lessons
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.232Z
---

## private lessons Private lessons in either BJJ or Muay Thai are a great way to complement and accelerate the training that you get in regular classes so that your growth is optimized.

 1:1 Training for BJJ or Muay Thai
 Private lessons also provide a great learning environment if you are unable to attend class regularly or wish to build key fundamentals before jumping into group classes.
 - Via the one-on-one structure instructors tailor the material in the lesson to what will benefit you the most and get you to your goals faster. - The instructor can also outline what you should be focusing on during group classes. - Rates for 60-minute lessons vary, depending on the instructor, and range from $150 to $300 each.
 Special Offer for BJJ ONLY
 For students just starting out with BJJ (less than 2 months experience) , RGES has a special package of either 3 or 5 hour-long lessons that focus on a set curriculum of fundamental techniques and sequences that can universally provide a strong foundation for understanding BJJ and creating an effective game.
 Pricing for these packages are:
 - 3-pack at $99 each ($297 total) - 5-pack at $90 each ($450 total)
 To learn more about private lessons, please complete the form below and one of the RGES team members will reach out to schedule a brief call.
 All prices are subject to sales tax. Availability of private lessons, including the 3- and 5-packs, is not guaranteed without confirmation from RGES.
