---
source_url: https://kairosjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://kairosjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:48.513Z
---

# HOME TO Connecticut's FASTEST GROWING Competitive Jiu-Jitsu Program HOME TO Connecticut's FASTEST GROWING Competitive Jiu-Jitsu Program HOME TO Connecticut's FASTEST GROWING Competitive Jiu-Jitsu Program HOME TO Connecticut's FASTEST GROWING Competitive Jiu-Jitsu Program

 Training champions EST. 2024

 ## About KAiros Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### - Our Facilities - #### - Our Instructors - #### - Our Facilities -
 Conveniently located on Rt 81 (next to Dollar General and Chenzos Italian Kitchen), Our state-of-the-art training facility is outfitted with FUJI Mat Co floor and wall-mats. Our space is equipped with everything you need to take your Jiu Jitsu training to the next level, including a full-sized training area, newly renovated social/viewing section, functional training equipment, and more!

 #### - Our belief - #### - Our Instructors - #### - Our Facilities -
 At Kairos Jiu Jitsu, we design our program around the belief that Jiu Jitsu is more than physical fitness and self-defense - Our training is centered around developing discipline, focus, and a championship mentality. We offer Adult and Children's programs for both beginners and seasoned practitioners.

 #### - Our Instructors - #### - Our Instructors - #### - Our Instructors -
 Our instructors Christos Ellinas, Michael Cahill, and Pat Precourt are skilled purple belt practitioners, all have demonstrated dominance in the competition scene, with a drive and passion for the sport that is unmatched.

 ## - SECURE YOUR FIRST CLASS - ###### - NOW ACCEPTING BEGINNER ENROLLMENTS -

 Start your Journey

 ## - Capturing the Art of Jiu Jitsu -

 ###### ## Start your BJJ Journey Whether you are new to Jiu Jitsu, or a seasoned competitor, we are confident in our ability to bring your game to the next level. Click below to view membership options.

 New Member Sign Up

 ## Contact Us If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### KAIROS BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU 968 Killingworth Road, Higganum, Connecticut 06441, United States

 Get in Touch!
 #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Phone*

 Attach Files

 Attachments (0)

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get in Touch!

 Get directions

 ## Follow us!

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
