---
source_url: http://arenacombatsports.com/class-schedule.html
final_url: https://www.arenacombatsports.com/class-schedule.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.414Z
---

## Schedule

 ## Class Schedule ​ Boxing Level 1:
 Is a great introduction to the Sweet Science. Refine your skills with seasoned champs or recreational athletes. Work on the subtleties of boxing such as foot work, angles, ring generalship and slipping punches while elevating your speed and power!

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals:
 Is the more traditional approach to how the art was developed. We teach the more introductory skills to build a solid foundation in grappling arts. Kimonos are required in this class to advance in belts levels

 Junior Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu:
 Our Jiu-Jitsu program for kids falls into ages 6-13. Jiu-Jitsu is excellent for children because they learn how to protect themselves from a bully without having to hurt anyone. Kids learn take-downs, takedown defense, and various submissions. It is a great confidence builder; it establishes discipline, a higher self esteem, and better manners!

 Junior MMA:
 This is a beginner class for very small kids ages 3-5. They will learn how to play safely with others, how to fall, jump, punch, kick and begin listening to instructions.

 Junior Muay Thai Kickboxing:
 We have an excellent striking program for children. The ages are also 6-13. Kids learn various movement patterns, from defense to highly advanced combinations. The kids will learn how to Thai clinch, punch and throw various kicks. The sparring is very safe and controlled, children mostly spar with instructors.

 Muay Thai Kickboxing Level 1:
 This class is geared towards beginners but more advanced students are welcomed to join! We go over a base of techniques to get started on the right path. We also do a lot of conditioning exercises to strengthen your body. There is a lot of padwork and cardio involved! It is great for learning and getting in shape.

 Muay Thai Kickboxing Level 2:
 This class is geared towards more advanced students who want to focus on drills and sparring. There is more contact involved but still in a safe & controlled manner. In this class, the long rounds of sparring are the actual cardio!

 NoGi Jiu-Jitsu Level 1:
 Similar to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals, this class goes through basic movements and techniques but without the Kimono.

 NoGi Jiu-Jitsu Level 2:
 Similar to the Level 2 Muay Thai, this class involves a bit of drilling and mostly live rounds. It is geared more for students who want to train live right away. No Gi (kimono) is needed for this class.

 Open Mat:
 The real Happy Hour of Brickell & Little Havana! Instead of ordering Martinis, you will be throwing Upper Cuts and practicing chokeholds! This class is highly open ended. Students can come in and work on whatever they've missed during the week. Sparring, weight training, hitting the bags & slamming the dummies are all encouraged!

 CONTACT US FOR A FREE TRIAL! |

 Hours M-F: 7am - 9pm | Telephone 786-369-6834 | Privacy Statement | Website Disclaimer
