---
source_url: http://arenacombatsports.com
final_url: https://www.arenacombatsports.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:15.455Z
---

## Train Hard Fight Easy​

 ## Have Fun, Burn Fat, Learn Self Defense! Muay Thai Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, MMA and more! ## Our new schedule is out now! New classes are out!
 4/21/2026
 We added 2 new kids classes, ages 3-5 Junior MMA, mostly an introductory class for the smaller ones. We also added a Wednesday morning class and renamed it Muay Thai level 1.
 ## Day Camp available 1/16/26 & 1/19/26 MLK | Due to popular demand, we are offering a Day Camp this Friday and Monday for Martin Luther King Day. Kids are out of school but they can spend the day here training and having fun!

 ## Great turnout, great time at the Royal Palm Jiu-jitsu seminar! |

 ## ​Congratulations Coach Carlos on your Black Belt! 8/18/25
 ​After many years of dedication to our sport and lifestyle, Coach Carlos Zevallos has officially been honored with a Black Belt from professor Tom Deblass! Good job Coach!
 ## Our 2025 Summer Camp is finally here!
 ​
 5/16/25
 ​Our Summer Camp has returned! There's no better way for your kids to have fun staying active developing valuable skills than by enrolling in our Martial Arts Summer Camp!
 Our classes run eight weeks. June 9th - Aug 1st 2025
 8:00am - 3:00pm (later times available)
 1061 SW 8st Miami, FL 33130
 (786)369-6834 - Muay Thai Kickboxing - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - Boxing - Self Defense & Bully Prevention - Leadership skills & Discipline - Games & Field Trips - Flexible hours

 ## Pictures from our 2024 Summer Camp |

 |

 ## Showing support for Battle of the Badge! 1/18/2025Great night in Miami to see Law Enforcement and other First responders compete in a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tournament. Great work guys!​​ |

 ## Very happy with the new Level 1 Muay Thai Kickboxing Class ! 1/10/2025Turn out has been great! The class is growing and students can choose which level to work in! ​ |

 ## Congratulations Anthony! 9/21/24
 ​ ​Another win added to the stack! Enjoy the moment, Monday it's back to training. Thank you Pride Muay Thai League for having us, it was a great show!
 ## Summer Camp 2024 was amazing! 8/2/24
 ​ ​Summer Camp is officially over. We had an even better turn out than previous years! A lot of new faces and new field trip destinations! Every year gets better than the last! We have very exciting projects in the works. Very soon we'll be launching our afterschool program servicing Brickell, downtown and Little Havana!
 |

 ## ​Photos form our last Summer Camp |

 ## Our 2023 Summer Camp has ended and was a big success! 8/4/23​
 Another great MMA Summer Camp has come and gone! We had great training, for many first time students as well. We had amazing field trips, watched classic martial arts movies, played games, and had tons of fun!
 |

 ## Pictures from last year's Summer Camp |

 ## Winning and Losing are determined in the gym, not in the ring... | ​4/11/22Some kids train more often than others. That's completely ok. Families have different expectations with how far they want to take the classes. Some kids need self esteem or to learn how to defend themselves while making new friends. Those who compete, come in day to day giving their all on the mats. Soon they realize that's how the outcomes are determined, not by luck or accident, but through hard work and dedication!

 ## Happy New Years Resolution! 1/11/21
 ​Good to see the gang and a lot of new faces as well. Classes are in full swing.
 ## New address is up and running! 6/1/20
 ​We're glad to announce that our new and improved location is up and running. Come in for you daily dose of high level training and sparring . Group classes, private sessions and kids classes are all available!
 1061 SW 8st Miami, FL 33130
 ​(786)369-6834
 ## ROUGH N ROWDY 1/31/20Congratulations Cody! Coming to the gym with no boxing experience, Cody Beyer came in already signed up for a novice boxing match, organized by Barstool Sports called Rough N Rowdy. This was very important for him, his family and friends were all watching back home in Iowa. This Wynwood event was well organized with a huge turnout. Even though his opponent brought some note worthy experience, Cody was able to stick to the gameplan and pull through a victory! OSS |

 ## ISKA 10/26/19 10/26/19
 ​C oming back from the ISKA Muay Thai and MMA Tournament, we had a great turnout! ACS had 3 competitors, one made semi finals, one made it to the finals. Not bad for their first time fighting! It's a learning experience. Next time we'll have the tools sharpened to come back with the gold! OSS!!
 |

 |

 ## Another Great Summer in the Books 2019! 8/2/19
 Giving thanks to the wonderful parents and amazing kids who took part in our 2019 Summer Camp. We worked hard and played harder! May you all have a blessed rest of the year and we look forward to seeing you next Summer!
 | |

 ## Introducing Our 2019 Summer Camp | 4/18/19Getting closer to that time of year and we are happy to announce our third annual ACS Summer Camp! Located in Calle Ocho, Little Havana, Miami, Very central to the downtown and Brickell communities, We'll be hosting kids classes in Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and Boxing plus special seminars and field trips. Call or write to us for more details. Early sign up rates still available. Seats are limited!

 ## ​Congratulations Eduardo! Thanks to hard work and determination, Eduardo went on to defeat his opponent Francisco who recently beat him in a decision victory! |

 ## Congratulations Eduardo and Ralphie! 3/8/19
 Our 2 assistant instructors were amazing at the ISKA Kickboxing and MMA tournament! They both got first place in the Junior Kickboxing brackets. Keep up the good work guys, next time we'll take 1st in MMA as well!! OSS!
 |

 ## Summer Camp Guest Instructor: 5/2/18
 ​Meet one of our guest instructors:
 Paula “Pimentinha” Verdino - Paula has been training in the Brazilian Martial Art of Capoeira since 1998 - 2000 she won the Best Female Overall at the World Capeira Games in Rio De Janeiro - She is an experienced amateur kickboxer - She’s traveled all over the world teaching seminars and workshops.

 |

 | Summer Camp Gymnastics Coach:​Adriana Dalianis 4/30/18We are happy to introduce Adriana to our group. For the first time, our 2018 Summer Camp will be a joint project featuring our own ACS martial arts, and Miami Star Gymnastics' gymnastics and dance program. Some highlights Adriana's impressive bio are listed below!​She has over 6 years teaching gymnastics and dance classes She has competed at high level national and international circuits 2006 & 2007 Athlete of the year Venezuelan Gymnastics Federation 2016 team Gold medal coach for Rhythmic Gymnastics 2015 team Silver medal coach for Rhythmic Gymnastics

 ## Our 2018 Summer Camp has arrived! ​4/23/18
 Would you like your kids to spend their summers off the couch & off their cell phones while getting in shape, learning self defense, and building self esteem? There's no better way than at an ACS Summer Camp!
 We will be in the Brickell / Little Havana area servicing Coral Gables as well. - We will feature classes such as Brazilian Jiu- Jitsu, Kickboxing, Wrestling, Boxing, Gymnastics, Capoeira, and much more! - Our instructors are world class and very passionate. - We will have biweekly outdoor excursions. - Our program is recommended for kids ages 3-6 and 7-13 - Our Summer Camp will run for 8 weeks from June 11 - Aug 3, 9:00am-3:00pm - Time extensions are also available.​ - Call us for more details!

 ## Congratulations Guys! ​ 4/21/18
 Big congrats to both Moises (1st place), Eduardo (2nd place) for showing up to do work at the ISKA amateur kickboxing and MMA tournament last weekend! You guys work really hard and put everything in the ring! Stay focused and keep racking up those wins!
 |

 ## Last Class at our Coral Gables Location 12/22/17
 ​After a long run of about 6 years, it is now time to move on to greener pasteurs. We've had great moments here but, it is now time to expand our mat space at a higher traffic location. We will always be grateful to our first crop of killer students! OSS
 ## New Kids Class Schedule 10/17/17
 ​Hello everyone, due to popular demand, we added an extra 15 minutes per class to the Junior classes ages 4-6. They will now begin at 5:15 pm on weekdays and end at 6:00 pm!
 ## Hurricane Irma Update 2017 9/18/2017
 Hello everyone. We are glad to announce that we have our electricity back and that we are open for business on a full class schedule! We will however continue to pray for those of us not as fortunate. If anyone needs help or is in trouble please contact us and together we can get through these rough times!
 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Belt Ceremony 8/12/2017
 Hello everyone. It's that time of year again. You are more than welcome to attend our BJJ Graduation ceremony this Monday Aug 23 2017 at 8:00pm. Some of our most dedicated students are long overdue and very well deserved! Bring your friends and family over for this festive and sacred moment. Food and drinks will be available.
 Summer Camp 2017!
 ​
 4/15/17
 ​Introducing our 2017 ACS Mixed Martial Arts Summer Camp! Kids ages 4-6 & 7-17 will train together and learn together. We provide a happy and safe environment for children to experience disciplines such as Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and more. They will develop self esteem, discipline, and respect for others while having an amazing summer!

 Contact us
 ## for our Special Offer! | We have an amazing offer for first time members. Call us to schedule a free trial!! |

 CONTACT US FOR A FREE TRIAL! |

 Hours M-F: 7am - 9pm | Telephone 786-369-6834 | Privacy Statement | Website Disclaimer
