---
source_url: https://insurgent.fitness/services/personal-training
final_url: https://insurgent.fitness/services/personal-training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:38.856Z
---

# Personal Training No matter your goal, we will get there together

 — in-house personal training
 At our 24-hour fitness facility, we boast top-of-the-line free weight equipment, catering specifically to personal training needs. We specialize in providing tailored, comprehensive training experiences to help you achieve your fitness goals effectively and efficiently.

 ## Multiple packages Embark on your fitness journey with flexibility and choice by exploring our wide array of personal training packages. Tailored to accommodate varying schedules and preferences, our packages range from single-session commitments to comprehensive 16-session programs. Each option is meticulously designed to cater to your specific goals and needs, ensuring a personalized approach to your fitness journey.
 View Now

 ## Consistency is crucial If rapid results are your expectation, we may not be the right fit. We prioritize fostering lasting changes, which necessitate time and dedication. Generic methods won't suffice and often fail. Understanding nuanced hormonal differences, particularly in females who are mothers and individuals in their 30s, 40s, and beyond, shapes our tailored approach- which requires consistency & dedication .
 Start Today

 - Consultation & Aduit Experience true personalized training tailored just for you. At the onset of your personal training journey with us, we conduct a comprehensive assessment of your activity level, dietary habits, and aspirations. We analyze your specific goals, dietary preferences, and activity levels to design a customized training regimen aligned with your session package. Say goodbye to generic approaches; embrace a training plan uniquely crafted to propel you towards your fitness goals. - Tailored to you Receive a customized program aligned with your goals. Whatever your objective may be, your trainer will meticulously design a tailored program to suit your needs precisely. Whether it's resistance training, cardio, physique development, powerlifting, strongman, or simply enhancing your overall well-being, rest assured, you'll have the ideal exercise regimen customized just for you. - Value for your money Our session packages offer exceptional value by including complimentary 24-hour gym access—a feature rarely found elsewhere without additional fees. While many trainers rely on templated programs with minimal adjustments for each client, we stand apart. Our trainers personally meet with you to craft a fully customized program tailored exclusively to your needs. Say goodbye to cookie-cutter programming and embrace personalized service that maximizes the value of your investment.

 Slideshow Items
 - michelle and maddison - maddison pullup - christ squat - Jr benching - Lumberjack open 2023 deadlift

 # Still not sure? Hear it directly from a few of our clients.

 - Insurgent Fitness is THE place for MMA and personal training. They offer a unique 24 hour gym with rogue equipment. I train with Xander and he has increased my bench, deadlift and squat totals tremendously in just 4 months. He is very knowledgeable and truly cares about his athletes, if you are looking to compete or just to get stronger contact him immediately! - Fantastic place to train! Best staff! - I have been training here for a year now and I think it's the best gym hands down. Family-friendly atmosphere and a great community. Very welcoming and loving people that train here. They have made me feel like I am part of a family I never had. Clean mats and equipment. Not over crowded like a lot of other gyms in town I tried and you have the option for 24 hour access. Coach Morgan is the best and supports his family here. I would highly recommend this gym for people who might be afraid to start training. I came in with zero experience and they made me feel comfortable and showed me the ropes. I can not express how much this gym has changed my life for the better. Come try out their open mat Sunday at noon. Just make sure you sign the waiver before you come in. They also have a sauna and Cold plunge which are amazing and private. - Staff are experts and the facility itself has every amenity you could think of (and is always clean). Awesome culture among the regulars and remarkably welcoming to newcomers. Big shoutout to Morgan! - Insurgent is a great gym with a welcoming atmosphere. We didn't know what to expect as we had never trained at a gym before, but we were so impressed! We were especially grateful to get lined up with Cameron as our personal trainer! He helped us feel comfortable with the equipment and thoroughly explained the proper form. Because Cameron was always encouraging and patient our strength really increased! Definitely give him ten stars!!! - Insurgent is hands down the best gym in Flagstaff! Morgan and Michelle not only have created an amazing space with great equipment, classes and personal training but they've also built a welcoming environment. They truly care about their members and you'll see that show through in their facility. I highly recommend it! - Love this gym. Lots of racks, barbells, free weights, dumbbells, and all the stuff to make your weak a$$ get strong. No bs, good people. If you’re a dbag go somewhere else. - Won't find ANY other gym with what Insugent has to offer! Not only do they offer 24/7 access they offer free weights and access to any of their classes included in price! In addition they offer personal training, nutritional support and on line programs. All of the staff (including owners) are knowledgeable. Highly recommend you check them out whether you are visiting Flagstaff or live there. You won't regret it!!! - Fantastic weight lifting gym !

 ## Damn. Are you still scrolling? You're a tough sell. How about we schedule a tour?
 Schedule Tour
