---
source_url: https://insurgent.fitness/services/online-training
final_url: https://insurgent.fitness/services/online-training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:38.987Z
---

# Online Personal Training No matter your location, your training is an app away

 — online personal training
 It does not matter if you are near our location or far away- with our online training appf, rom Trainerize ®, your fitness programming and assigned trainer is only a few clicks away.

 ## Always available Whether you're local or far from our facility, we're here to encourage, push, and remove the guesswork from your training. Our user-friendly online training software and app allow you to communicate directly with your trainer at any time of the day. Plus, when you become an online client, you'll receive a FREE 24-hour gym-only membership automatically.
 Buy Now

 ## Fitness + macro nutrition The hardest part of fitness is nutrition—10% of fitness is done in the gym, while the remaining 90% is done in the kitchen. Let us help you eliminate the guesswork from your nutrition by providing the proper macro nutrients tailored to match your goals. Proper nutrition not only helps you lose weight, but helps fuel your body! Combine nutrition with our online fitness program and get the best of both worlds!
 Learn More: Nutrition

 - Intake form & Consultation When you purchase an online plan with us, you will fill out our simple intake form. This will be followed by a scheduled consultation with your assigned trainer. During this consultation, you'll speak directly with your trainer, discussing your goals and the equipment available to you. Your trainer will then design a unique fitness program tailored specifically for you, guaranteed to make you sweat, regardless of your location! - Tailored to you Receive a customized program aligned with your goals. Whatever your objective may be, your trainer will meticulously design a tailored program to suit your needs precisely. Whether it's resistance training, cardio, physique development, powerlifting, strongman, or simply enhancing your overall well-being, rest assured, you'll have the ideal exercise regimen customized just for you. - Value for your money With any of our online training packages, you automatically receive a free 24-hour gym-only membership. Additionally, you can contact your trainer directly through the online training app at any time, 7 days a week. If you are a local client, you will have the opportunity to meet with your trainer 1-on-1 for consultations or when needing to go over your programming, at a discounted single session rate (cost is trainer specific).

 Slideshow Items
 - michelle and maddison - maddison pullup - christ squat - Jr benching

 # Still not sure? Hear it directly from a few of our clients.

 - Insurgent Fitness is a positive, empowering, and welcoming environment that I am so happy to have started the online training program with! Michelle went above and beyond to take time to do some 1-on-1 training to ensure I felt comfortable and used the correct form to avoid hurting my body. I used to avoid the weights rooms when at the gym but Michelle ensure you feel confident and excited to start her online program! Morgan and Michelle have done an amazing job providing incredible programs, classes, equipment, and making sure everyone feels welcomed! Even the furbabies - Very clean, professional, and the price is great for a martial arts gym not even including the 24 hr access to a very nice full gym as well. The app is super helpful to see class times, updates/clear communication and tips/ videos for training. So happy to have joined! - Cameron is an outstanding personal trainer at Insurgent. He trained me at my home gym and was the consummate professional: knowledgeable, skilled and highly personable. We achieved excellent results. I would give Cameron and the Insurgent team my highest recommendation. - One of the best gyms I’ve ever been to. Equipment is all high quality and the gym is never too crowded to get a proper workout in. The powerlifting coach Xander helped increase all my lifts and fixed my form to where I no longer have any aches or pain from the gym. Highly recommend working with him for any coaching or questions about weightlifting. - I’ve been a member of Insurgent for well over 4 years, and I have loved every second of it. Without a doubt, this is the brightest gem of the Flagstaff fitness facilities. Nowhere else in Flag will you find a 24-hour facility that offers the equipment, freedom, community, and variety that you find at Insurgent. There is a place for everyone here, whether you’re looking to get in shape, compete in powerlifting, or take over the UFC, the staff and facility are top notch and provide the opportunity to reach any goal you may have. I couldn’t be happier - Morgan was extremely helpful setting up my account! Michelle was my trainer and was so personable and really helped me get back into fitness!! Would definitely recommend for anyone. - I finish the 8 week Empower program this week and I am HOOKED! This has been such an awesome experience with Michelle and I have seen so much progress! I can’t wait for the next 8 weeks! I would recommend this program and gym to anyone!

 ## Damn. Are you still scrolling? You're a tough sell. How about we schedule a tour?
 Schedule Tour
