---
source_url: https://insurgent.fitness
final_url: https://insurgent.fitness/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:39.228Z
---

- Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Premier BJJ Academy N. AZ BJJ at a Glance Insurgent grappling at a glancewhere champions train - Fitness Facility A true 24-hour fitness facility Our gym at a glance Our gym at a glancea hidden "gym" - Muay Thai The art of 8 limbs Muay Thai at a glance Muay Thai at a glanceart of 8 limbs - Personal Training Consistency is key Personal Training at a glance Personal Training at a glancewhere the focus is you - Cage & Ground Mixed Martial Arts MMA at a glance MMA at a glancethe hardest program we have
 Close Panel
 # Insurgent Jiu Jitsu #### THE LARGEST JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN N. AZ Buy Now Learn more

 As a dedicated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) academy, we actively participate in quarterly competitions. We believe that competition plays a pivotal role in enhancing students' knowledge and honing their skills within a controlled yet exhilarating environment. It's important to note that while we encourage competition, it is entirely optional for our students.

 - - -

 Close Panel
 True 24-hour facility
 # All free weight gym Our facility is an all-free-weight-focused gym—one of the last remaining 24-hour "old-school" style gyms in the US. We're equipped with nearly all Rogue® equipment, known for its durability and quality. We have a 55 ft turf for sled and farmer carries, kilo plates, bumper plates, and standard lb plates. Four lifting platforms and over 8 stations for squatting, benching, and deadlifting. Additional equipment includes rowers, assault bikes, treadmills (including TrueForm), and spin bikes. We provide the best, so you can become your best .

 Buy Now Learn more

 Close Panel
 # Insurgent Stiking #### THE PREMIER STRIKING ACADEMY IN N. AZ Buy Now Learn more

 We are home to the Insurgent Wolfpack striking team, with current and past students holding state title belts under both MTIA and IKA associations. Classes are offered 5 days a week, Monday through Friday. Starting with a warm-up, leading into technique discussion, drilling, and ending with soft and light technical sparring.

 - - -

 Close Panel
 # Personal Training to fit your needs Get a program tailored to your goals. Regardless of what your goal is, your trainer will design the perfect program tailored exactly to what you need. From resistance training to cardio, physique, powerlifting, strongman, or simply being active and feeling good—you are sure to have the perfect exercise program.
 Buy Now

 - Macro Nutrition - Online Fitness - Online Fitness & Macro Nutrition - In-house Training

 Close Panel
 # Cage & Ground #### THE BEST DAMN MMA ACADEMY IN N. AZ Buy Now Learn more

 Our Cage and Ground MMA program is the toughest program we offer. It is strongly advised that you have a foundation in both striking and grappling before attending. When you show up, be prepared to work—you will be working non-stop for the entire hour.

 - - -

 # Popular Services
 24-hour facility
 a hidden "gym" Cage & Ground
 Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 adult & Youth Classes Online Personal Training
 Get fit anywhere Macro Nutrition
 Gain or lose weigth- it all starts in the kitchen In-house Training
 get a porgram tailored to your goals Muay Thai
 Learn to use punches, kicks, elbows, and knee strikes Sauna & Cold Plunge
 hot & cold therapy

 — Our required apps
 # DOWNLOAD THE APPS Our services will require one or more apps, but the main app is the Kisi app. The kisi app connects to our door access controller and is required to gain entry into our facility.
 Download Apple: Kisi Apple: Gymdesk Apple: Trainerize
 Android: Kisi Android: Gymdesk Android: Trainerize

 Learn more
