---
source_url: http://www.jmmodernjj.com/brazilian-or-gracie-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.jmmodernjj.com/brazilian-or-gracie-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:41.655Z
---

Gi Jiu Jitsu - Structured and Beginner-Friendly
 Our Gi Jiu Jitsu classes are perfect for beginners, offering a step-by-step curriculum designed to help you build a solid foundation. With a clear path for progression and expert instruction, you'll develop your skills in a supportive, structured environment. Whether you're brand new or looking to refine your technique, this is the place to start your journey!

 ## zero experience is preferred! At JM Modern Jiu Jitsu, we specialize in helping newcomers take their first steps into the exciting world of Jiu Jitsu. No prior experience is needed—in fact, we often find that starting with a blank slate is an advantage!
 With over a decade of producing high quality jiu jitsu blackbelts, our instructors are passionate about guiding beginners through the fundamentals, focusing on building confidence, coordination, and a strong foundation. Whether you want to get in shape, learn self-defense, or start your journey to becoming a skilled practitioner, we tailor our teaching to suit all skill levels.
 Joining JM Modern Jiu Jitsu means becoming part of a supportive community where everyone starts somewhere, and progress is celebrated at every stage. Take that first step today—you’ll be amazed at what you’re capable of!

 Our culture is focused on having fun while creating a community of problem-solving, effective, and strong-willed martial artists who help each other reach their unique potential. We believe in meeting our students where they are when they start their training and then building their purpose, discipline, health, and technique to become better versions of themselves.

 ## Self Defense

 There is simply no better martial art to use for self defense than Jiu Jitsu. Most all fights and street altercations will hit the ground within the first 30 seconds, once that happens there is no comparison. A jiu jitsu practitioner is taught how to move in ways that are foreign to most people. Simply put when on the ground with a jiu jitsu fighter, the ground is the ocean and they are the shark.

 ## Jiu Jitsu is a Martial Art for all

 Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that can be done by anyone of any background or age! 95% of our students have never done a martial art in their life. We offer classes based on technique, that carry a relaxed vibe, and we also have very intense training that caters to students with competition aspirations as well. However contrary to popular belief competition is NOT required and 85% of our students have and will never compete in BJJ competitions or MMA. We want you training! If that leads to competition or not is not even a thought. Come learn something new and have fun!

 start a trial membership
 start a trial membership

 ## or for more info
