---
source_url: http://www.jmmodernjj.com
final_url: https://www.jmmodernjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:42.160Z
---

# 877-562-5527

 # Styles we Offer

 # 877-562-5527

 # Directions?

 Google Maps
 Google Maps

 JM Modern Jiu Jitsu came into existence in 2013 and has been thriving and growing ever since. Josh Mancuso is the longest-running jiu-jitsu teacher in the Baton Rouge area. Coach Josh began teaching Jiu Jitsu in 2007 and has produced over 30 Jiu Jitsu Black Belts.
 Our 6500 square foot facility was designed with YOU in mind. It boasts two large mat areas, as well as a locker room, four showers, so you can get your training in and make it to your next obligation clean and confident!
 Our academy epitomizes cleanliness, diversity, and adaptability. Our Baton Rouge-based academy proudly welcomes a wide spectrum of students aged 3 to 65, embracing men, women, adults, children, novices to martial arts, seasoned martial artists, and even UFC fighters. We have meticulously crafted Jiu-Jitsu classes, finely tuned to cater to the unique needs of each person who enters our doors.

 At JM Modern Jiu Jitsu, we offer a wide range of class schedules, spanning from morning to night.
 🇺🇸
 Our curriculum is a hybrid style that combines the best techniques and approaches from all grappling-based martial arts. Such as Folk Style/Freestyle /Greco-Roman Wrestling, Judo, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and Russian Sambo. This approach produces grapplers capable of executing effective take-downs, ground control, escaping, survival, and submission skills.
 We extend our commitment to training by providing weekend options, classes suitable for beginners and advanced practitioners, and competition-focused sessions.

 Our dedication to cleanliness cannot be understated. We uphold stringent hygiene standards. After every class, we meticulously clean and disinfect the training surfaces, ensuring a pristine and safe training environment in our academy.

 Our culture is focused on having fun while creating a community of problem-solving, effective, and strong-willed martial artists who help each other reach their own unique potential.

 Training jiu-jitsu is challenging, but with the right team, commitment, and instruction, along with a clean, safe environment, we know our students will discover powerful rewards on and off the mats and reach their goals.

 ### Call us for immediate assistance! ## 877-562-5527

 ### Want more info?
