---
source_url: http://www.towsonmartialarts.com/gracie-jiu-jitsu.html
final_url: https://www.towsonmartialarts.com/gracie-jiu-jitsu.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:41.580Z
---

## Gracie Jiu-Jitsu street readiness in 23 lessons
 SIGNUP FOR 10 DAYS FREE

 # CERTIFIED GRACIE JIU-JITSU IN BALTIMORE, MARYLAND

 ## Gracie Jiu-Jitsu towson As a Certified Maryland Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center, the Kanjizai Academy starts beginner students in the Gracie Combatives​ program. More widely referred to as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or BJJ in the world of combative sport, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu preserves the art's original function as a means of practical self-defense. The Gracie Combatives program guides new students through the 23 fundamental lessons necessary to stay safe in a modern self-defense encounter, and promises "Street Readiness in 23 Lessons." The ​Gracie Combatives program is easily accessible to all body types, ages, and fitness levels. |

 ## VOTED BEST IN BALTIMORE SINCE 2020 | Kanjizai Academy was voted Best Martial Arts School in the Baltimore Sun's 2020 Reader's Choice Awards, and in the Baltimore Award Program for four years running. Signup now for a free class, and see for yourself what makes their Jiu-Jitsu classes the best in Baltimore. SIGNUP FOR 10 DAYS FREE |

 ## THE GRACIE LEGACY At a very young age, Helio Gracie learned traditional Japanese Jiu-Jitsu techniques from his older brother, Carlos. In the late 1920s, he began to modify these techniques to accommodate his frail physique with the objective of developing a system that would enable him to defend himself against larger opponents. After years of refinement, he proved his art's effectiveness by routinely defeating larger and stronger opponents, some of whom outweighed him by as much as 100 pounds. As a result, Helio's techniques quickly became the new expression of Jiu-Jitsu in Brazil and set the stage for a worldwide revolution in martial arts.

 This history is exactly what we promote with our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in Baltimore, Maryland. We want every single one of our students to embark on their training with a sense of pride in carrying on a legacy of self-defense tactics. There are many different factors that go into learning Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in Maryland or anywhere else, but they all share the same core principles. These principles allow for a more wholehearted understanding of the combative program and Gracie Jiu-Jitsu as a practice. A piece of advice we give to all new trainees or students is that if you do not respect and understand these core aspects, you will have an incredibly hard time learning our tactics of self-defense, so be sure to keep reading. ​

 ## efficiency Efficiency, the ability to achieve maximum output with minimum input, is a core principle of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu. In all Gracie Training Centers, we assume that your attacker will always be larger and more athletic than you. Students quickly learn that the only reliable way to succeed is to exhaust your attacker while conserving your own energy through the use of leverage-based techniques and natural body movements. In life, as in a fight, a student who learns to expend energy efficiently will achieve maximum results with minimal effort. For example, - Eating healthy is Gracie Jiu-Jitsu - Being honest/respectful to others is Gracie Jiu-Jitsu - Being a hardworking/ morally correct business person is Gracie Jiu-Jitsu
 All of these are examples of ways to achieve maximum results with minimum effort.
 ## patience | Patience is often the key to success in a struggle against a larger opponent. Usually, it is not the person who attacks the most, but the one who exhausts the least who will win. Acting impulsively, aggressively, or without focus wastes energy. Patience also applies to timing. Even a perfectly executed technique will fail if attempted at the wrong time. In life, too, patience and timing enable you to “make your own luck” by calmly watching and waiting until the right moment when you can apply your energy most efficiently.Being patient with your friends and loved ones, as well as your enemies, is Gracie Jiu-JitsuAllowing impulses to pass before acting is Gracie Jiu-JitsuTaking a deep breath and considering all alternatives before committing is Gracie Jiu-JitsuPatience and timing allow you to know when to commit while efficiency ensures that you have sufficient energy to achieve your objective when the time is right for action.

 ## control The final objective in a fight is to impose your will on your opponent. Nothing achieves this more quickly than physical domination after which surrender usually follows. Physical domination means controlling your opponent. Without control, you risk losing the fight. In life, control applies not only to a simple contest between you and an opponent, but also to the struggle within yourself. Self-control reflects your personal discipline and is the foundation for every decision you make in life. Without self-control, you risk a lifetime of poor choices that invariably lead to tragic consequences.

 If you are looking for Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in Baltimore, Maryland, you must know the following: ​ - Refraining from using drugs or alcohol is Gracie Jiu-Jitsu - Choosing healthy, nutritious food over junk food is Gracie Jiu-Jitsu - Having the discipline to engage in regular exercise and rest is Gracie Jiu-Jitsu

 SIGNUP FOR 10 DAYS FREE
 |

 ## 5710 Bellona ave, 2nd floor (240) 771-3903 |
