---
source_url: http://www.towsonmartialarts.com/kids-jiu-jitsu.html
final_url: https://www.towsonmartialarts.com/kids-jiu-jitsu.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:42.054Z
---

## bully-proof youth real skills for real-world dangers.
 SIGNUP FOR 10 DAYS FREE

 ​When discussing Jiu-Jitsu, we often find ourselves considering its value and how we can truly profess that to wary parents. Jiu-Jitsu at its absolute base is a great form of exercise and attention-focusing practice. While, yes, it is derived from a legacy and background in self-defense, it does not imply that you are suddenly turning your child into a fighter. Jiu-Jitsu is meant to promote physical agility and mental focus alongside maintaining physical health. And with anything that is aimed at bettering oneself, it is far better to begin Jiu-Jitsu at a younger age where things like muscle memory develop rapidly. Make the next best assessment for the future confidence and focus of your child and give our kids’ Jiu-Jitsu in Baltimore, Maryland a try. ​
 # ​Kids’ Jiu-Jitsu In Baltimore, Maryland

 ## VOTED BEST IN BALTIMORE SINCE 2020 | Kanjizai Academy was voted Best Martial Arts School in the Baltimore Sun's 2020 Reader's Choice Awards, and in the Baltimore Award Program for four years running. Signup now for a free class, and see for yourself what makes their Jiu-Jitsu classes the best in Baltimore. SIGNUP FOR 10 DAYS FREE |

 ## kids jiu-jitsu at KANJIZAI Kanjizai Academy offers Youth Jiu-Jitsu programs for ages 4 and up. Students here get the tools necessary to identify and react mindfully to a wide variety of dangerous scenarios, from fending off aggressive bullies to escaping from stranger danger. Our kids’ Jiu-Jitsu in Baltimore, Maryland, shows students how to defuse a bully's violence with clinching and grappling techniques when necessary, but the mental and verbal strategies that precede an encounter are emphasized first and foremost. Even when the need arises for physical confrontation, Kanjizai students will rely on tactics that emphasize control and negotiation , rather than punches and strikes that elevate violence levels in an encounter. When it comes to practical, real-world self-defense , there's nothing more efficient than Jiu-Jitsu . In addition, Kanjizai offers offers other kids’ Jiu-Jitsu classes in Baltimore, MD, such as W eapons Classes , a Competition Team , and Blackbelt Club, where advanced students learn higher-level techniques and get more in-depth sparring and competition-focused Jiu-Jitsu training .
 ## LITTLE NINJAS (AGES 4-7) Kanjizai’s Little Ninjas program is designed to provide kids’ Jiu-Jitsu in Baltimore, MD, so that younger students obtain the foundational skills and character traits required both for martial arts training, and for success in their other future endeavors. Essential muscle memories are conditioned through fun drills, games, and exercises, while a consistent emphasis on focus, discipline, and thoughtfulness provides life-skills that transcend the Academy. Training cooperatively with a partner, sitting at attention in line, bowing to classmates, and showing respect to teachers all build character traits that will make them successful in martial arts, or any other activities they may choose to take up in the future. Their classes will emphasize positional control techniques that teach them how to bring a bully to the ground, hold them in place, and talk their way through the danger safely.
 ## BULLY-PROOF YOUTH (AGES 8-12) Kanjizai’s Youth Program gives older students more in-depth training in Jiu-Jitsu . Each level of training teaches a balanced curriculum of striking , grappling , and self-defense techniques, giving students the tools to adapt to a variety of dangerous situations. Youth students learn, first and foremost, how to handle bullies with as minimal conflict as possible. ​ When words fail, they'll know how to maintain distance and escape the area successfully, or when escape is not an option, they'll know how to control and negotiate with their attacker, avoiding strikes.
 ## ​ SIGNUP NOW FOR 10 days of FREE KIDS CLASSes! SIGNUP FOR 10 DAYS FREE
 ## 5710 Bellona ave, 2ND FLOOR |

 (240) 771-3903​ |
