---
source_url: http://www.towsonmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.towsonmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:42.307Z
---

## kanjizai ACaDEMY of Jiu-Jitsu TRADITIONAL & MODERN COMBATIVE ARTS
 Signup For 10 Days Free

 ## SIGNUP NOW TO GET 10 DAYS FREE Book your first class now and get a free 10-day membership for the whole family
 |

 GET STARTED!

 # JIU-JITSU & MARTIAL ARTS IN BALTIMORE, MARYLAND SINCE 2012

 ## VOTED BEST IN BALTIMORE SINCE 2020 | Kanjizai Academy was voted Best Martial Arts School in the Baltimore Sun's 2020 Reader's Choice Awards, and in the Baltimore Award Program for four years running. Signup now for a free class, and see for yourself what makes their Jiu-Jitsu classes the best in Baltimore. |

 ## REAL-DEAL JIU-JITSU FOR REAL-WORLD SELF DEFENSE Kanjizai is a unique Jiu-Jitsu Academy providing Self-Defense instruction to the Towson, Lutherville Timonium, and Baltimore areas. No matter what your background is, or level of experience, you will be welcomed at Kanjizai. Here, students of all ages, skill-levels, and fitness-levels find a safe and welcoming place to learn multiple styles of Jiu-Jitsu. In their clean, spacious facility, experienced and friendly instructors teach a structured, result-focused self-defense program that will provide you the knowledge to handle the worst-case scenarios with the most time-proven tools possible. ​
 ## traditional & modern jiu-jitsu | So, you’re looking for martial arts in Baltimore, but what does that really mean for you? It means that when your safety is on the line, a little bit of knowledge from Kanjizai Academy can go a long way in protecting yourself.​ Regardless of age, body type, and fitness level, that knowledge can be the difference between survival and catastrophe. Kanjizai's Jiu-Jitsu programs are designed to help you navigate chaos of a real-world self-defense scenario, and learn the essential skills necessary to keep yourself and your loved ones safe when it matters most. You'll also boost your confidence, increase your focus, and get in shape along the way. The unique combination of modern and traditional training will provide the tools necessary to understand the daunting variety of dangers we can face, and provide tools to give you the best odds of survival, even in the worst circumstances. ​

 ## small-class & private session specialists The Kanjizai Academy has been open since 2012, and provided thousands of people the skills necessary to handle self-defense situations with confidence. Our mission has always been to spread these skills to the largest number of people in our community, regardless of age, gender, fitness, skill, or experience. We do this with a small-class format, allowing instructors to provide a significantly higher amount of personal attention to students of all types. Our class structure ensures that anyone can enter our academy, learn world-class self-defense, and get the best bang for their buck available in the area. Our Coaches & Instructors will always be available answer your questions. You will always have someone to watch over your training and guide it in the direction necessary for rapid improvement. We also have amazing private lesson opportunities, for the highest level of dedication to your personal growth. Checkout the Private Training page to learn more.
 ## SPECIAL OFFERS​ FREE- 10 DAYS OF CLASSES & A UNIFORM BOOK AN INTRO | KICKSTART YOUR CUSTOM TRAINING PROGRAM BOOK AN ASSESSMENT

 ## Gracie Jiu-Jitsu The art of modern Jiu-Jitsu is most often referred to as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or BJJ. Because of it's practical effectiveness in combative sport, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has become the most widely practiced martial art in all of submission grappling and MMA competition. It's original intent, however, was practical, real-world self-defense, accessible to any body type. So, no matter your body type or level of athleticism, we encourage trainees from everywhere to come learn our martial arts in Baltimore. |

 The term Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is used to delineate this original, self-defense focused training, intended by it's creator, Grandmaster Helio Gracie . The term Gracie Jiu-Jitsu also designates an Academy as a Certified Gracie Training Center under Helio's son, Grandmaster Rorion Gracie. All Certified Gracie Trainers have been thoroughly trained and tested to ensure that the quality of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is passed to each and every Gracie student. ​
 learn about gracie Jiu-jitsu
 ## traditional japanese ju-jutsu | Kanjizai's instructors have trained with Grandmasters, top competitors, coaches, and other master-level instructors from many styles of Jiu-Jitsu. ​The original battlefield and wartime applications of traditional Japanese Jujutsu make it particularly useful for real-world self-defense, where victory and survival are one and the same. Kanjizai's curriculum combines the most effective and reliable techniques from various traditional and modern schools of Jiu-Jitsu, as well as modern weapons training, into a concise, systematic curriculum, with a consistent focus on real-world application. Every technique in Kanjizai's curriculum is reliable and accessible to all strength levels, body types, and fitness levels. Traditional Jujutsu includes many unique throws, standing joint-locks, striking techniques, small joint manipulations, and weapons techniques not typically found in modern BJJ Academies, which makes Kanjizai the premier place in Baltimore to learn self-defense.

 Learn about Traditional Jujutsu
 ## kanjizai kids Kanjizai's Youth Jiu-Jitsu in Baltimore teaches kids how to handle bullies with the least amount of violence possible. Students will be equipped with the tools to handle verbal bullying with "verbal self-defense," avoiding physical confrontation wherever possible. When bullies get physical, kids will have the skills and confidence necessary to defend themselves, neutralizing their attacker's power with clinches, takedowns, and ground control techniques. While controlling their bully, students can negotiate with them safely, avoiding strikes and violence at all costs. Our students are also equipped with the wrist escapes, grip breaks, and striking techniques necessary to fend off and escape a significantly larger bully or strange adult when they find themselves in a true worst-case scenario. |

 Daily rolls, breakfalls, and movement drills provide muscle-memories that will help students move better and feel better. As students learn these skills, they also learn confidence, respect, and discipline that will stay with them into adulthood. Kanjizai martial arts in Baltimore county offers kids martial arts classes for ages 4 and up.
 view kids memberships
 ## 5710 BELLONA AVE, 2ND FLOOR ## SIGNUP now FOR 10 DAYS FREE! SIGNUP FOR 10 DAYS FREE
 |

 (240) 771-3903​ |
