---
source_url: http://riversjiujitsu.com/class-descriptions
final_url: https://www.riversjiujitsu.com/class-descriptions
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:32.467Z
---

## Classes

 #### Fundamentals/Concepts

 This class runs concurrently with the kids class in an adjacent room, so both kids AND parents/guardians can be on the mats at the same time. This course focuses on fundamental positions and concepts of BJJ for both sport and defense, and allows for situational sparring to ground-truth the movements.
 #### Fundamental/Concepts: #### TUES (Gi) /THurs (No GI), 5:30-6:30PM

 #### Gi Jiu-Jitsu

 The Gi (uniform) is the original style of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. With its roots in Judo and Japanese Jujitsu, this style offers the most variation and complexity. Gi BJJ allows one to learn how to move even when someone is grabbing on to your clothes, and often these movements translate to no-gi (without the uniform) as well.
 #### GI CLasses: #### Mon/Fri, 10-11:30AM #### MON/WED 6:30PM #### TUES/THURS 6AM (Gi and no gi) ####

 #### KIDS CLASSES

 We offer classes three days a week, focusing on ages 6-12 (although that is subject to the maturity of the potential student. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is often likened to a physical game of chess, requiring both tactical strategy and swift decision-making. Our goal is to empower your child to become a problem-solver, helping them navigate the challenges of life with grace and confidence.
 #### Kids CLASSES: #### TUES/THURS/FrI 5:30PM

 #### no-gi Jiu-Jitsu

 #### Women’s ONLY Class We have created a class that will be offered for women and led by women. We recognize that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is close-contact and can at times be intimidating for people starting out in coed classes. We have therefore created a space that might be more comfortable for those on the fence about trying it out!
 #### Women’s Only Class: Sundays 2pm (Starts jan 26)

 No-gi BJJ is becoming more common, and is often classified as ‘submission wrestling.’ Unlike Gi BJJ, grabbing onto clothes is not allowed, and often this game is faster-paced than its Gi counterpart. Although the fundamental concepts remain the same, adjustments are needed to account for the lack of grips.
 #### no-gi Classes: #### tHURSdays 6:30 PM #### Saturdays 11:00 AM

 #### Kickboxing

 Although sport BJJ does not allow strikes, it is important to learn striking for self-defense purposes and to learn how to manage distances. Besides learning how to properly strike, the theory of striking will be explored, as well as the transition between striking and grappling. We offer sparring rounds after the Friday class.
 #### Striking classes: #### Monday 5:30pm, Friday 6:30pm

 #### OPEN MAT

 Just like any other activity that requires skill, you also need practice. Open mat gives you the opportunity to explore/troubleshoot your specific problem with your peers, as well as get good rolls in. This is an unstructured class with no formal facilitation, but everyone is here to help everyone else.
 #### OPEN MAT: SATURDAYs At noon

 #### Judo BJJ is an offshoot of judo, but spends most of its time focusing on groundfighting. This class specifically covers the art of throws and other takedowns with an emphasis on playing within the BJJ ruleset. Classes are led by a Judo black belt.
 #### JUdo: Wednesday, 5:30 pm

 #### Submission Wrestling This is for the no-gi crowd that focuses on various techniques to get your opponent to the ground WITHOUT the gi. Classes are facilitated by collegiate-level wrestlers and students o grappling styles from around the world
 #### Submission Wrestling: Tuesdays, 6:30pm
