---
source_url: http://karatebuiltgr.com/
final_url: https://karatebuiltgr.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:21.938Z
---

Call or Text For Special Offer
 (616) 816-2835

 ## 2 Weeks FREE Classes!+ Bonus FREE Uniform!!

 " * " indicates required fields

 Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 Select A Program Select A Program Pre-School Karate Kids Karate for Kids Adult Martial Arts

 Select A Location * Grand Rapids

 Consent By checking this box, I agree to receive SMS texts from Flees Black Belt Academy LLC regarding my request for information, including automated appointment scheduling and marketing offers. I understand that consent is not a condition of purchase. Message frequency varies. Message & Data rates may apply. Reply STOP to opt-out or HELP for help.

 Learn more on our Privacy Policy Page and Terms & Conditions

 ## Family Martial Arts & Fitness for All!

 ## Why KarateBuilt Grand Rapids Is Your Best Choice

 ## Empowering Lives Through Martial Arts Excellence

 At KarateBuilt Grand Rapids, we believe in the power of martial arts to empower individuals. Our meticulously crafted programs, guided by Chief Master Greg Moody's extensive expertise, focus on instilling discipline, enhancing confidence, and nurturing resilience. Through martial arts, you'll not only learn self-defense techniques but also acquire vital life skills applicable to all areas of life.

 ## Tailored Programs for All Ages and Abilities

 Regardless of your age, skill level, or physical condition, we offer customized programs to meet your needs. From children to adults and individuals with special needs, we embrace diversity and inclusivity. Our specialized classes adapt to your unique abilities and goals, ensuring a fulfilling experience for all.

 ## A Supportive, Safe, and Inclusive Environment

 We are committed to creating a supportive, safe, and inclusive community where every student can flourish. Our specialized programs cater to children, teenagers, adults, and individuals with special needs. Our aim is to instill discipline, self-confidence, focus, and a strong sense of self in all our students, regardless of age or ability.

 Get Started Today

 ## Martial Arts Training for Everyone At KarateBuilt Grand Rapids, we offer classes designed for individuals of all skill levels. Our journey is built upon a strong foundation of excellence, dedication, and the belief that martial arts has the potential to be life-changing.

 ## Pre-School Karate #### Achieve And Earn Respect The KarateBuilt Grand Rapids Pre-School Karate program is a very structured environment that requires children to listen, pay attention and follow instructions. They learn to respect their instructors and authority while being encouraged to achieve and earn respect.
 Learn More

 ## Karate For Kids #### Respect, Self-discipline Our Karate Classes for kids in Grand Rapids, MI have a Special Offer. Karate classes enhance: Respect, Courtesy, Self-Control, etc. which leads to new Life Skills, Better Grades, reducing ADD/ADHD issues, less Bullying, Self-Defense, and better at Home Behavior.
 Learn More

 ## Adult Martial Arts #### Get Fit, Stronger Our Martial Arts programs service teens & adults from traditional to modern martial arts training in a safe and fun environment. Practicing concepts that build physical fitness, situational awareness, self-confidence, esteem, self-defense and much more.
 Learn More

 A Story That We Are Proud Of As A Martial Arts Industry Influencer

 ## FREE E-BOOK DOWNLOAD
 First Time VIP Visitors To Our Site Get This Exclusive Download

 Download Today!

 ## KarateBuilt Grand Rapids WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE!

 ### RevTalks Interview with KarateBuilt Grand Rapids

 ## 2 Weeks FREE Classes!+ Bonus FREE Uniform!!
 Get Started Today

 # Pre-School Karate

 The KarateBuilt Grand Rapids Pre-School Karate program is a very structured environment that requires children to listen, pay attention and follow instructions. They learn to respect their instructors and authority while being encouraged to achieve and earn respect.

 Exclusive Offer!

 # Karate For Kids

 Our Karate Classes for kids in Grand Rapids, MI have a Special Offer. Karate classes enhance: Respect, Courtesy, Self-Control, etc. which leads to new Life Skills, Better Grades, reducing ADD/ADHD issues, less Bullying, Self-Defense, and better at Home Behavior.

 Exclusive Offer!

 # Martial Arts For Teens & Adults

 Our Martial Arts programs service teens & adults from traditional to modern martial arts training in a safe and fun environment. Practicing concepts that build physical fitness, situational awareness, self-confidence, esteem, self-defense and much more.

 Exclusive Offer!

 ## Our Martial Arts Team Takes Great Pride In The Reviews We Receive See What Our Community Members Say About Our Programs

 #### Mary W.
 What price can one put on their child's safety and well being? It has been wonderful to watch as our daughter is instructed in the manner of how to identify a stranger; more importantly what to do should one try to put hands on or harm our child. Through the training at KarateBuilt Grand Rapids , our daughter has grown wiser and stronger. She's receiving the life skills that we want her to have. KarateBuilt Grand Rapids is reinforcing what she is learning at home in regards to discipline and respect, and amplifying in areas that they specialize in with the martial arts.

 -

 #### Beck R.
 I truly can’t say enough how much this karate has impacted Beck, our parenting, and our lives. It’s definitely been a sacrifice but the benefits we have felt and seen are so important and valuable to us.

 -

 #### Steven P.
 After working my desk job for eighteen years, I managed to put on some extra pounds. A friend of mine suggested that I start taking martial arts instead of hitting the gym 6 days a week. I gave it a shot and a year and a half later I feel healthier and I am just five pounds away from my goal of losing 40 pounds! Big thanks to all the encouragement along the way from everyone in my classes! Martial arts are not just for kids and teens, adults can get started too!

 -

 ## 2 Weeks FREE Classes!+ Bonus FREE Uniform!!

 Get Started Now!

 MEET MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL OWNER ## Dwayne Flees

 With a passion for helping community members stay safe while teaching the “art” of martial arts, our Chief Master Instructor believes that each student can obtain their goals and objectives in life. While teaching techniques that save lives with life skills that work both on and off the mat, our students get the best instruction possible in Grand Rapids, MI

 ### Go2 Karate Distinction Award

 KarateBuilt Grand Rapids is awarded the Go2 Karate Distinction Award for Grand Rapids, MI for elevating their exceptional dedication to community enrichment. Through their expertly crafted online martial arts website they are delivering valuable content and services that empower individuals online.
 This Go2 Karate Distinction Award acknowledges the strengthening of their local community and its members through martial arts training that they are providing.

 # Top 5 Reasons Why Karate Classes Help Community Members

 1. Empowerment Through Karate Discover how Karate classes empower community members with valuable skills, boosting self-confidence and personal safety, reduce stress from work environment and better grades for kids in school.

 2. Fitness and Wellness Explore how Karate classes contribute to the physical fitness and overall well-being of our community, promoting a healthy lifestyle for children, teens, and adults.

 3. Building Stronger Bonds Learn how Karate fosters camaraderie and community spirit, bringing neighbors, friends and family together socially, in a shared pursuit of personal growth. Our Karate lessons forge and strengthen bonds well beyond training on the mat.

 4. Mental Resilience Delve into the mental benefits and aspects of Karate training, including improved focus, self-discipline, and stress management, benefiting our community members here in Grand Rapids, MI. We believe in changing lives far beyond just kicking and punching.

 5. Confidence for All Ages See how Karate classes offer confidence-building opportunities for community members of all ages, from children, teens to adults. We are proud to showcase accurate life-changing results fostered within our community through our Karate classes at KarateBuilt Grand Rapids.

 LIMTED TIME OFFER

 ### We have a Special Offer just for you! Join our family today.

 Get Started Now!

 ## Unlock the Benefits of Martial Arts Training at KarateBuilt Grand Rapids At KarateBuilt Grand Rapids, we believe that Martial Arts is more than just physical exercise; it's a path to personal growth and empowerment. Our team of dedicated and professional Martial Arts Instructors is committed to serving our community by providing top-notch training for everyone, from karate kids to adults seeking self-defense skills. We understand that each student has unique goals and reasons for enrolling in our programs, and we are here to cater to your individual needs.

 #### Flexible Class Times

 #### Increased Fitness Levels

 #### Safe Self Defense

 #### Concentration and Focus

 #### Confidence & Self Esteem

 #### Enhanced Self Discipline

 ## KarateBuilt Grand Rapids In [site-city] Thank You For Visiting Our Website

 ### Personalized Experience We recognize that every student is different, and we tailor our classes to meet your specific objectives, whether it's fitness, self-confidence, discipline, or self-defense.

 ### Community-Centric We are deeply rooted in the Grand Rapids, MI community and are proud to be your local Martial Arts school. When you choose us, you become a part of our extended family.

 ### Special Website Offer If you're in or around Grand Rapids, MI, take advantage of our exclusive website special offer. Contact us today by phone or fill out the form on this site to get started. Our program directors and experienced Martial Arts instructors will promptly get in touch with you to schedule your first lesson and provide a tour of our state-of-the-art academy.

 ## Join Us Today And Discover The Incredible Potential Within YOU!

 Get Started Now!

 ###### Get Started Today!
 ## 2 Weeks FREE Classes!+ Bonus FREE Uniform!! " * " indicates required fields

 Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Name *
 Email *
 Phone *
 Select A Program Select A Program Pre-School Karate Kids Karate for Kids Adult Martial Arts

 Select A Location * Grand Rapids

 Consent By checking this box, I agree to receive SMS texts from Flees Black Belt Academy LLC regarding my request for information, including automated appointment scheduling and marketing offers. I understand that consent is not a condition of purchase. Message frequency varies. Message & Data rates may apply. Reply STOP to opt-out or HELP for help.

 Learn more on our Privacy Policy Page and Terms & Conditions

 Close

 x

 Are you looking for kids or adult classes?
 Kids Classes
 Adult Classes
 Great! At KarateBuilt Grand Rapids we have a great Adults and Teens program designed to keep you in shape while teaching you how to defend yourself.
 Click HERE to Learn More!
 Fantastic! Are you looking for Kids Martial Arts Classes or are you interested in our Pre-School Program ?
 Kids Classes
 Pre-School Classes
 Great! We offer a Pre-School Karate class for children ages 3 -5 that builds respect, courtesy, better grades and so much more!
 Click Here!
 We have the best Kids Karate Program in the area. We will give your child the skills that they need to stay safe in any situation.
 Click Here
 Submit
