---
source_url: https://alliancejjeasley.com/programs/advanced-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://alliancejjeasley.com/programs/advanced-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:00.444Z
---

## Advanced

 ## Level

 ### Learn to master the techniques and correct movements of the strikes.

 ## Our

 ## Methodology

 Discover how to integrate various combinations of movements and positions. This program covers high-level techniques, teaching how to apply them successfully. Transitions between different techniques, along with an emphasis on speed and reaction time, are explored in this series of classes.
 We offer a friendly and camaraderie-filled environment, which undoubtedly constitutes the greatest and best characteristic of this phase. Here, true friendships are forged on the mat, amidst sweat and laughter, providing you with a second family!
 To reach the advanced level, it is crucial to always listen to your master. Learn from him how to master the techniques and correct movements of the strikes.

 ## Advanced

 ##### Level

 # Watch the video

 ## The Benefits of

 ##### Jiu Jitsu

 Jiu Jitsu is much more than just martial arts moves. Practicing it strengthens not only your athletic performance but also your everyday life. It enhances your reflexes, increases cardiovascular endurance, and works on your respiratory capacity. It’s also a valuable source of life skills. Through the practice of Jiu Jitsu, you can acquire a series of essential skills that go beyond the mat. These skills include:

 ### Resilience

 Jiu Jitsu teaches perseverance in the face of challenges, which is a fundamental skill for overcoming obstacles in life.

 ### Discipline

 Discipline is an intrinsic part of training in Jiu Jitsu. It translates into self-discipline, which is valuable in all aspects of life.

 ### Emotional Control

 Learning to deal with pressure and stress during fights and training helps develop emotional control, something that is useful in high-pressure situations in everyday life.

 ### Respect and ethics

 Jiu Jitsu emphasizes respect for the opponent and the master and professor, promoting an ethical mindset that can be applied in all social interactions.

 ### Self-confidence

 As you gain skill and confidence in your techniques, your self-confidence grows, benefiting your self-esteem and your ability to face challenging situations.

 ### To work in a team

 Participating in team training and competitions helps develop teamwork and collaboration skills.

 Therefore, Jiu Jitsu is not just a sport but a life school that shapes character, skills, and a mindset that can be applied in various aspects of everyday life.

 ##### Photos

 View the photos to see what happens here.

 ## Book an

 ## Introclass

 Join us for an unforgettable lifetime experience.

 We schedule the introductory class through Kick Site. By clicking the button below, you will be redirected to a secure environment to book your first Jiu Jitsu experience at Alliance Jiu Jitsu Easley.

 Whatsapp

 Book now

 Name
 E-mail
 Phone
 Message
 Choose the subject Choose the subject Adult Jiu Jitsu. I already train in another academy. Adult Jiu Jitsu. I'm a beginner. I want to know more. Jiu Jitsu children, we want to know more.

 Send
