---
source_url: http://guerillamma.com/satsuma-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://guerillamma.com/satsuma-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.536Z
---

# Satsuma Jiu Jitsu #### About Satsuma Jiu Jitsu In 2009 the rebellion began. Satsuma was formed in protest of the politics and divisiveness that polluted the North Carolina Jiu-Jitsu scene at the time. Teams were not allowed to participate in other teams tournaments, seminars, or even train together at open mats. Not buying into this idea, Dennis Wiseman and Dave Mansel formed Satsuma Jiu-Jitsu. The purpose of the team was to cross train and support as many different schools as possible, while still maintaining an identity of it's own. The founding principles and core concepts were built around the Bushido code of conduct and the name was taken from the actual Satsuma Clan of samurai, famous for the original "Satsuma Rebellion".
 So how do you start a team when your highest ranking person is a purple belt, and you have no one willing to join you? You gather every kid from behind the Albemarle Bowling Alley. You use your own kids. You teach for free, pay for gi's and entry fees, drive all over the east coast, and if you are Satsuma, you win everything you enter. The "Satsuma Spiders" quickly became a name that everyone in the NC Jiu-Jitsu scene recognised and respected. Almost overnight Satsuma went from an idea, to the most dominant kids team in North Carolina, winning regional, state, and national championships. As the kids grew older, they moved into the world of mma, and Satsuma once again proved it could produce winners in that arena as well.

 Among the fans of Satsuma was the late Luis "Sucuri" Togno, North Carolina's first ever black belt. Sucuri took the team under his wing and made sure all belt promotions were done through a second degree black belt, something Satsuma could not have done without him. Sucuri passed in a tragic accident in Feb of 2011. This loss was not only felt by his students and Satsuma, but it was a huge blow to the entire Jiu-Jitsu community.
 In 2012 another fan of the Satsuma team stepped in to adopt the now orphaned team. Mario Aiello, 6th degree black belt under Royler Gracie took the team in and provided a home for the next several years.
 In 2024 the rebellion continues, and now Satsuma has multiple black belts and can do it's own promotions. The core principles have not changed and the Bushido code is in full effect. The next generation of Satsuma warriors are back on the mats ready to establish themselves as a force in the Jiu-Jitsu community. The sword has been passed on, and a new team is ready to fly the flag into battle.

 "The Rebellion Continues"

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
