---
source_url: http://www.4mfit.com
final_url: https://4mfit.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:09.159Z
---

# Indian Trail MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH 4M Fitness! We at 4M Fitness are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 # INDIAN TRAIL MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH 4M FITNESS! We at 4M Fitness are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 COMPLETE THE FORM FOR MORE INFORMATION!
 Fill out the form to receive more information about our programs.

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids Martial Arts Judo Birthday Party Jiu Jitsu Muay Thai / Kickboxing Boxing Wrestling MMA Wing Chun / Kali Yoga Group Fitness -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for 4M Fitness to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## WELCOME TO 4M Fitness We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At 4M Fitness, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 GET STARTED
 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 Kids Martial Arts
 We offer a variety of kids martial arts classes including Lil' Champs, Jiu Jitsu, Boxing and Kickboxing. Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Jiu Jitsu
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with Jiu Jitsu!
 View Program

 Muay Thai / Kickboxing
 Get in the best shape of your life with our Muay Thai / Kickboxing classes. Fitness goes to a new level with full-body workouts while learning how to fight.
 View Program

 Boxing
 Whether for competition or fitness, challenge your body with our Boxing classes!
 View Program

 Wrestling
 Improve your cardio, stamina, techniques, and confidence by being part of our Wrestling program.
 View Program

 Judo
 View Program

 MMA
 Whether for competition or fitness, challenge your body with our MMA classes!
 View Program

 Wing Chun / Kali
 Wing Chun offers practitioners practical combative methods that deal with close-quarter combat. Kali is a martial arts style that focuses on the ability to transition from fighting with weapons to empty hands fluidly.
 View Program

 Group Fitness
 Losing weight and getting in shape can be hard. Get ready to kick the extra weight to the curb with our Group Fitness classes, BootCamp, and Cardio Kickboxing!
 View Program

 Yoga
 Studying in our Yoga classes helps people build core strength, connect their minds and bodies, and tone their muscles – all at the same time.
 View Program

 Birthday Party
 Kids' birthdays should be all about fun, activity, and excitement. Our martial arts-themed parties offer your child a cool way to celebrate another year of life with friends and family.
 View Program

 DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE!
 ## BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojang and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 View Our Kids Martial Arts Programs

 IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH
 ## GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult Jiu Jitsu Program

 Andrew Manring High level training at all levels. Family atmosphere, no egos, everyone is welcomed. I call it my new home. I highly recommend talking to coach Davis and coach Matt about your goals.

 Mandy Melton Great instructors. Great people. My 10 year old enjoyed the kids class very much!

 Brooks Hasty Great coaches and staff. They have something for everyone, all skill levels and ages. Their facility and cleanliness is second to none. Love training here.

 Derek Davis This is such an amazing place to train at! The facility is amazing, but it’s the people, they are always so great! Always feel welcome and always have a blast.

 Frankie Scarlata Awesome place and very user friendly!

 Justin Groves Family environment! And the best place in the Charlotte area to train!

 Billy Cole My son and our friend are sanctioned fighters. We finally found the perfect home for them. Matt Flemming is the coach/instructor for our crew as we look to better the team moving forward. Highly recommended 4M for any level fighter or MMA enthusiast.

 Randy McElwee Awesome facility run by caring professionals and full of good people!! Awesome place to train.

 Alex Helms Been training BJJ here for 4 months, and couldn't be happier with the staff and the other members. The facility is second to none in the area. Huge BJJ area, boxing ring, octagon, full gym, rows of bags, sauna, showers, towel service, on site massage, etc... its honestly pretty ridiculous. Love 4M.

 Ashley Neill I love training here because the instructors are so knowledgeable. It's always clean and everyone is so friendly!

 Christopher Corders Matt and Davis Fleming are awesome. Hospitable, knowledgeable. Excellent facilities as well.

 Chris Mulford I initially chose this gym because I noticed that nearly all of the staff and coaches are professional fighters that are actively competing and winning in their respective trades. I decided to stay because there is a focus on building character, community, and sportsmanship amongst everyone. Whether your goal is to instill some confidence in your child or step into the ring to compete, this gym really does have it all.
 Membership here also means that you have access to all other Pedro Sauer affiliate gyms at no extra cost. I've used this perk on more than one occasion and I highly recommend taking advantage of it.
 Give the trial class a shot, you won't regret it.

 Timur Dzhafari One of the biggest places for martial arts in Charlotte area. Definitely a place to check out if you like contact sports.
 Great gym, especially for competitive athletes.
 Equipment wise it has everything you will need to up your game in the stance on the mat. The workouts are just a tad shorter then I am used to, but coaches pack some really good workouts in the given time-frame + you can go and lift weights to finish up your training session. Because the place is so big, you don't have to leave immediately after you are done with you class which is a great plus if you like to do some extra work.

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF 4M Fitness
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 #

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## RECENT BLOG POSTS
 Do I Have To Compete?
 Is Competition necessary for me to improve and get promoted? We, as coaches, get this question often and it is a simple, but difficult answer. The simple answer is that, no, you do not have to compete and if you choose to compete or not to compete, it will not have a direct effect on […]
 READ MORE »

 Learning Styles
 When we engage in learning something new or different, each person does so using one of the below styles, or a combination of styles: Auditory – These learners prefer to hear information and respond best to spoken instructions. They also like to repeat instructions out loud. Visual– These learners find seeing what they need to […]
 READ MORE »

 Some Class Etiquette
 We are all here to learn, enjoy and challenge ourselves in different ways but there are a few things that can help make the experience better for everyone. Below are some, and there are many more, general gym and class etiquette items. – Wash your gi/workout clothes after every class. Sweaty clothing is a breeding […]
 READ MORE »
