---
source_url: https://renzograciejiujitsudfw.com/programs/muay-thai/
final_url: https://renzograciejiujitsudfw.com/programs/muay-thai/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:45.196Z
---

## Muay Thai
 ### What is Muay Thai? Kickboxing, often referred to as the “Art of Eight Limbs,” is a traditional martial art from Thailand. Known for its powerful strikes using fists, elbows, knees, and shins. This dynamic combat sport combines stand-up striking with various clinching techniques. Creating a comprehensive and effective form of self-defense and physical conditioning. Rooted in centuries-old traditions, Kickboxing has evolved into a globally respected discipline that emphasizes technique, strategy, and resilience.
 ### Why Train Muay Thai? Training Kickboxing offers numerous benefits beyond just learning a martial art. It enhances physical fitness, improving strength, flexibility, and cardiovascular health. The discipline required in Kickboxing training also fosters mental toughness, focus, and confidence. Whether you’re looking to compete, or get in shape, our program provides a challenging and rewarding path to personal growth. At Renzo Gracie DFW, our Kickboxing program is designed to cater to all skill levels. Helping you achieve your individual goals in a supportive and motivating environment.

 ### Kids (8-12) Kickboxing Our Kids Kickboxing program is tailored for children aged 8 to 12. Focusing on building a strong foundation in martial arts while promoting physical activity and discipline. Through fun and engaging classes, kids learn basic techniques, improve their coordination, and develop respect and teamwork. Our experienced instructors ensure a safe and encouraging environment where children can grow both physically and mentally, gaining confidence and self-esteem that extends beyond the mat.
 ### Adults (13+) Kickboxing The Adults program at Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW is designed for participants aged 13 and up, whether you’re a beginner or an experienced practitioner. Our classes cover a comprehensive range of techniques, from fundamental strikes to advanced combinations and defensive maneuvers. In addition to technical skills, our program emphasizes physical conditioning, endurance, and mental resilience.

 ## FREE WEEK - ALL PROGRAMS We invite you to come and TRY A FREE WEEK, which includes ALL PROGRAMS for Kids, Teens and Adults.

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Week Trial! ×

 ### FREE WEEK TRIAL - ALL PROGRAMS!CONTACT US TODAY! ##### Are you interested in joining our Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW family? We invite kids, teens & adults from the local Mid Cities Communities of Colleyville, Bedford, Euless, as well as North Richland Hills, Fort Worth, Southlake, Keller and beyond to learn Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense just south of Mid Cities Boulevard & Grapevine Highway intersection right here in Hurst, Texas. We invite you to come and TRY A FREE WEEK . Trial includes all programs for all ages. We also offer discounts for:
 - Families - Law Enforcement - First Responders - Active Military and Veterans - and much more

 (817) 670-1739
 renzograciedfw@gmail.com
 420 Grapevine Hwy, Suite 118, Hurst, TX, 76054
 Get Directions

 ### Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW 420 Grapevine Hwy, Suite 118, Hurst, TX, 76054
 Get Directions
