---
source_url: https://renzograciejiujitsudfw.com
final_url: https://renzograciejiujitsudfw.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:45.230Z
---

# Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW #### We Teach Much more than just Jiu Jitsu, through Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu. Free Week Trial - All Programs

 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Week Trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ## Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW
 Renzo Gracie DFW is the ONLY Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu Academy in the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex. We welcome students of all ages, 3 years old and up (Kids, Teens & Adults) to come learn “World Famous: Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu. Our goal is to “Enrich and Inspire” the lives of all students and to help them reach their “Highest Potential”.
 Healthy Body, Healthy Mind and Healthy Spirit are some of the incredible benefits you will obtain by starting your Jiu Jitsu journey at the World Famous Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW.
 We teach you so much more than just Jiu Jitsu through Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu, so that you are empowered and learn to focus on solutions to all problems you may face in everyday life. Are you ready to start or continue your Jiu Jitsu journey under the living legend Master Renzo Gracie and reach you highest potential at the ONLY Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu Academy in DFW right here in Hurst, Texas? Click Here for FREE WEEK TRIAL

 ## FREE WEEK - ALL PROGRAMS We invite you to come and TRY A FREE WEEK, which includes ALL PROGRAMS for Kids, Teens and Adults.

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Week Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW:

 ### YOUR GOALS ARE OUR GOALS: ##### The Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW team’s mission is to enrich and empower the lives of every student by helping them reach their highest potential. Our Professors and Coaches are dedicated to helping every student “Reach Their Highest Potential” and then go even higher than they even knew was possible. We achieve this goal and more for our kids, teens (PLEASE READ) and adults by always following our main mindset which is that, “We Teach Much More Than Just Jiu Jitsu Through the Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu Lifestyle” , which will have a huge impact on your everyday professional, personal and social life.
 ##### We invite you to do a FREE WEEK TRIAL for kids, teens & adults and become part of our Legendary Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu Family today! ### THE ONLY RENZO GRACIE JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN DFW: ##### Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW is the ONLY Renzo Gracie Academy in the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex. Our brand new state of the art academy offers kids, teens and adults World Famous Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai and Striking, Condition-Fit & Yoga, Woman’s Self Defense, Competition Training, Homeschool Kids Jiu Jitsu, and much more.
 We are open 7 days a week and have classes for kids, teens and adults. Whether you are a brand new student, or have been training BJJ for many years, our highly experienced Professors will ensure that your Jiu Jitsu will grow big time by teaching you not only the very core fundamentals of BJJ, but also the most advanced modern BJJ techniques used by the best BJJ athletes in the world.
 The RGA DFW brand new facility has over 2000 square feet of main BJJ mat space in our giant main mat room, a separate Muay Thai (Striking Room), private showers, locker rooms, waiting area, lobby, and plentiful parking.
 Our incredible BJJ SCHEDULE (CLICK HERE) offers classes 7 days a week, with 6am classes Monday to Friday and much more. Kids classes are 6 days a week for ages 3 years and UP. Click FREE WEEK TRIAL BELOW.
 CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE SCHEDULE BJJ & MUAY THAI
 FREE WEEK TRIAL

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Lineage Our lineage is rooted in the founders of Gracie Jiu Jitsu, Helio & Carlos Gracie who is the Grandfather of our leader Master Renzo Gracie.

 ##### Excellence The Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW team of Coaches & Professors always train with students, actively compete & always strive to improve and set higher personal goals.

 ##### Adaptable Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu teaches students to stay calm under pressure. To identify the problem & focus on solutions to improve their positions in training & in everyday life.

 ##### Lifestyle Renzo Gracie BJJ teaches students much more than just Jiu Jitsu through Jiu Jitsu. The impact the BJJ Journey will have on your EVERYDAY LIFE, is beyond amazing and truly LIFE CHANGING!

 ##### Perseverance The problem solving skills students learn through Jiu Jitsu, apply to everyday life for Kids, Teens & Adults. Identify the problem & always focus on the solution!

 #####

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It!

 For these two gentlemen, it’s not just about teaching martial arts, it’s about the people they are privileged to work with.

 Robert B.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 Jiu Jitsu has been one of the best things we've ever encouraged our daughter to do and I know we wouldn't feel that way had we started under any other teacher!

 August G.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 Renzo Gracie DFW is absolutely phenomenal. From the moment you step in to train with Professors Greg and Phillip, you feel the welcoming and supportive environment.

 Amyn G.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 They have the very best kids instructor Professor Phillip! My daughter has been training under him for the past year and a half. She has grown so much...

 Amanda H.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 Professor Greg Hamilton is a passionate, amazing instructor, and motivator. Never, have I seen a person so dedicated to his craft but equally so in his instruction to others.

 Josh J.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 I have been training Jiu Jitsu for 18 years and Martial Arts for 27 years. In all that time, I have Never met a Better Professor than Greg Hammilton.

 Phillip B.
 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ , Google

 ## Free Week Trial - Kids - Teens - Adults

 ### Free Week Trial - All Programs!Contact Us Today! ##### Are you interested in joining our Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW family? We invite kids, teens & adults from the local Mid Cities Communities of Colleyville, Bedford, Euless, as well as North Richland Hills, Fort Worth, Southlake, Keller and beyond to learn Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense just south of Mid Cities Boulevard & Grapevine Highway intersection right here in Hurst, Texas. We invite you to come and TRY A FREE WEEK . Trial includes all programs for all ages. We also offer discounts for:
 - Families - Law Enforcement - First Responders - Active Military and Veterans - and much more

 (817) 670-1739
 renzograciedfw@gmail.com
 420 Grapevine Hwy, Suite 118, Hurst, TX, 76054
 Get Directions

 ### Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW 420 Grapevine Hwy, Suite 118, Hurst, TX, 76054
 Get Directions
