---
source_url: https://www.caveacademyjj.com
final_url: https://www.caveacademyjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:23.894Z
---

# Learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Pacifica

 # Learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Pacifica

 Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for men and women.Adult Classes

 Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for men and women.Adult Classes

 Game based classes to Bullyproof your kids. Ages 4-8 & 8-13Kids Classes

 Game based classes to Bullyproof your kids. Ages 4-8 & 8-13Kids Classes

 Register now!Kids Summer Camp

 Register now!Kids Summer Camp

 ## Mike Murrell's cave academy
 We offer Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Pacifica, California. Our martial arts academy helps beginner to advanced kids and adults build useful skills, stronger character, fitter bodies, and lifelong friendships.

 Book Free Intro Class

 Book Free Intro Class

 ### Find Your Community

 Join a supportive and diverse family of grapplers where beginners feel welcome, parents feel confident, and everyone is dedicated to helping each other grow.

 ### World-Class Instruction & Coaching

 Mike Murrell is a 2nd degree BJJ & Judo black belt who has trained with the best of the best and "Papa" Frankie Nuñez is a 4th degree Ralph Gracie BJJ black belt.

 ### Unmatched, Premium Facilities

 Train on over 2,400 sq. ft. of premium mat space, then accelerate your recovery in our infrared sauna, cold plunge, and full weight room.

 From Ages 4-8 & 8-13

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 At Cave Academy, your child learns directly from BJJ & Judo black belt Sensei Mike, who has over 20 years of experience teaching kids. Our classes blend self-defense, character development, and fun, game-based learning to ensure your child grows, has a great time, and goes home happy.

 Book Free Intro Class

 Book Free Intro Class

 Learn More

 From beginner to advanced

 ## Adults Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 Whether your goal is fitness, self-defense, or competition, our programs led by renowned black belts Mike Murrell and "Papa" Frank Nuñez are designed for you. With daily Gi and No-Gi classes and premium recovery amenities like our sauna and ice bath, Cave Academy is where you evolve your game and find your family.

 Book Free Intro Class

 Book Free Intro Class

 Learn More

 Learn More

 ## Our Instructors
 Our world-class instruction is the foundation of our academy, led by a team dedicated to your growth.

 Founder & Head Instructor

 ### Michael "Mike" Murrell

 A lifetime student of the art, Mike is known for his deep technical knowledge and his ability to teach modern, evolving Jiu-Jitsu systems in a way that's clear and effective for everyone.

 ### 2nd Degree BJJ Black Belt

 ### judo Black Belt

 Head Gi Instructor

 ### Frank "Papa" Nuñez

 A 4th Degree Black Belt under the legendary Ralph Gracie, "Papa" Frank is the heart of our academy. His passion and welcoming personality are central to our supportive, family-like community.

 ### 4th Degree BJJ Black Belt

 Book Free Intro Class

 Book Free Intro Class

 Learn More

 Learn More

 ## Meet our members
 We've grown into a thriving martial arts community thanks to the continued support of the amazing people who train with us.

 ### Steve S.

 ### Yelp

 Even as a complete beginner (8 months of training), I am completely comfortable and confident when I step on the mat because of Mike. I've learned more in a single class at Cave than a month any other gyms.

 No matter the stage you are in, you can come in and learn

 I highly recommend Cave Academy. You won't regret it! Drop in or join an open mat session. You'll get your money's worth.

 ### Ben Kovacs

 ### Facebook

 Extremely impressed with both the instruction and Facility at the Cave Academy after training there last night. I've trained BJJ for 11 years and seen a lot of gyms. If I lived in Pacifica this would be my home for sure.

 ### Ben Longcor

 ### Google

 Cave is truly a phenomenal facility. There are many world class black belts teaching, it's friendly to the hobbyist or competitor, everyone is very welcoming, and it's CLEAN. The space is well laid out, and there are ample amenities: a dry sauna, showers, an ice bath, even laundry facilities. It's an absolute pleasure to train here.

 ### Brandon Aubrey

 ### Google

 The cave is a hidden gem in Pacifica. Truly one of the best BJJ gyms in the bay area. Head instructors Mike and Papa Frank are extremely talented at not just BJJ but also teaching and explaining techniques. The owner has put a lot of hard work in to make sure the gym in a great environment for everyone to feel comfortable and welcomed, and encourages other gyms to come in for the free open mat every Friday. Mike is also a great mentor to the kids classes which happen right before the adult classes. Would highly recommend taking a trial class here so you can see for yourself.

 ### Eric Wafer

 ### Facebook

 Mike is an outstanding teacher of BJJ. His lessons are built on top of each other, so if you don’t get the first one, you can pick up on the second go around. Top tier.

 ### Christian C.

 ### Yelp

 I've been to many gyms MMA and BJJ ... this is definitely number one in my books for Brazilian jiu jitsu. Coach Mike and the team are the best. The guys and girls are very supportive and make training and learning fun. I wish I could've stayed, only had to leave due to moving out of the area. If you wanna learn no gi, gi, or even wrestling this is your spot !! 10/10 recommend . ossss

 ### Chunyan Song

 ### Google

 I love the community of Cave Academy. It feels like a tight knit family. Absolutely warm and positive vibe here. The facility is spacious, clean and nice. I felt right at home as a beginner.

 ### Ahline C.

 ### Yelp

 My 6yo son started Cave Academy last summer and it has been a challenging but also rewarding experience for him. Sensei Mike is a wonderful instructor. He is patient and supportive, always encouraging the students to be the best they can be. I feel comfortable knowing that Sensei Mike instills important attributes in his students such as respect, confidence and perseverance which are wonderful life skills to obtain. If you're looking for a family oriented, welcoming, safe and fun training environment then Cave Academy is definitely the place for you or your family.

 ### Veronica Escareno

 ### Facebook

 My son was a little nervous and unsure about the idea in his first couple of classes but that quickly changed. He loves going and has fun at every class. It has definitely raised his confidence level, especially approaching other kids and making friends. Sensei Mike is awesome! The Cave is a great fit for us!

 ## try an intro class
 Book a free introductory class and only sign up if you love it.

 Book Free Intro Class

 Book Free Intro Class

 Mike Murrell's Cave Academy

 Address: 1037 Terra Nova Blvd, Pacifica, CA 94044

 Located In: Park Mall Shopping Center

 Phone: 650-735-1275

 Email: Mike@caveacademyjj.Com

 Follow Us

 Instagram

 Facebook

 YouTube

 Menu

 adults

 kids

 about us

 instructors

 pricing

 schedule

 Events

 contact

 © Cave Academy

 |

 privacy policy

 |

 terms of use
