---
source_url: https://upperlevelhudson.com/programs/
final_url: https://www.upperlevelhudson.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:00.717Z
---

## Choose a Program Below:

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 ##### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) has gained a lot of attention in recent years, and it’s pretty obvious why. Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master. BJJ focuses on ground level altercations – utilizing holds, throws, and a variety of submission techniques. This makes Jiu Jitsu ideal when learning how to take on an opponent who may be larger than you, without necessarily having to hurt them. Which is why we offer sessions for various age ranges:
 - Juniors (6-13) - Adults (14+)
 Learn More!

 Boxing
 ##### Our Boxing program at Upper Level Jiu Jitsu offers a comprehensive approach to the sweet science of boxing. Whether you’re a beginner looking to learn the basics or an experienced fighter striving to hone your skills, our program has something for everyone. Led by experienced coaches, our classes focus on technique, conditioning, and strategy to help you reach your full potential in the ring.Which is why we offer sessions for various skill ranges:
 - Introductory Boxing - Advanced Boxing - Private & Semi Private Training - Mixed Training
 Learn More!

 ## Free Trial Classes! Come check out what all the hype is about. Sign up today and try your first TWO classes absolutely FREE!

 Get Started!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Two Class Free Trial! ×

 #### Upper Level Jiu Jitsu ## Programs Overview
 ##### We offer a variety of classes throughout the week, including both Gi and No-Gi sessions. Furthermore, Our classes are designed for students of all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Additionally, our instructors are experienced and passionate about teaching Jiu Jitsu & Boxing, and are committed to helping you achieve your goals. Moreover, at Upper Level Jiu Jitsu we offer programs for all ages and skill levels. Chiefly, no matter which program you choose, our Boxing & Jiu Jitsu school is committed to providing a safe, supportive, and empowering environment for all students. Come join us and experience the benefits of training firsthand!

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 #### Upper Level Jiu Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (508) 308-9305
 Jiujitsu@upperlevelhudson.com Boxing@upperlevelhudson.com
 312 Main St, Hudson, MA 01749
 Upper Level Jiu Jitsu in Hudson invites nearby communities to train with us! Whether you’re from Marlborough, Sudbury, Berlin or beyond, you can reach the Upper Level. Join us beside the Clover Road Brewing Company now!
