---
source_url: https://upperlevelhudson.com
final_url: https://www.upperlevelhudson.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:00.761Z
---

# Upper Level Jiu Jitsu and Boxing ## Take Your Training To The Upper Level Try Today For Free!

 ##### Limited Time Only: 2 Free Trial Classes! ×

 ## Free Trial Classes! Come check out what all the hype is about. Sign up today and try your first TWO classes absolutely FREE!

 Get Started!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Two Class Free Trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ## Upper Level Jiu Jitsu and Boxing
 Welcome to Upper Level Jiu Jitsu, a family united by our passion for martial arts! We’re a friendly community built of both hobbyists and competitive grapplers. Our culture is rooted in creating a sense of camaraderie and providing an escape from everyday stress. You’ll learn more about yourself by diving deep into martial arts techniques with our experienced instructors. Whether you’re looking to get into shape or become a champion, we’ll help you reach your goals. Join Upper Level BJJ in Hudson, Massachusetts to take your training to the upper level.

 ## Free Trial Classes! Come check out what all the hype is about. Sign up today and try your first TWO classes absolutely FREE!

 Get Started!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Two Class Free Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Upper Level Jiu Jitsu embraces the training process. We pride ourselves on being thorough, taking time to properly teach key BJJ skills and techniques. From their very first Jiu Jitsu class, students learn how to persevere and overcome adversity. Our individualized training structure emphasizes the importance of consistency, timeliness, and dedication in the process.
 #### Our History: Owner Mike Voss opened Upper Level Jiu Jitsu early in 2024, but it’s been a long time coming. Since he was a blue belt nearly a decade ago, Mike has dreamed of the moment he’d become a Jiu Jitsu academy owner. He has trained for twelve years and slowly transitioned into becoming a Kids Jiu Jitsu instructor. Now with a black belt and his own academy, Mike strives to build an inviting culture where everyone gets along as they grow.
 Learn More!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Challenging Upper Level tests limits by pushing and promoting hard work. Whether it’s on or off the mat, we are helping you reach your full potential.

 ##### Fun Upper Level has an energetic environment that motivates students to do their best alongside their peers.

 ##### Perseverance BJJ and boxing aren’t easy to master, but we’re here with you every step of the way. You’ll learn to embrace the journey to mastery.

 ##### Quality We take pride in being able to provide our students with top-quality instruction, whether it’s from a guest instructor or individualized attention from our staff.

 ##### Confidence Martial arts training will unlock a new sense of confidence by strengthening your body and improving your lifestyle.

 #####

 ## Check Out Our State Of The Art Facility!

 ### Contact Us Today! Upper Level Jiu Jitsu in Hudson invites nearby communities to train with us! Whether you’re from Marlborough, Sudbury, Berlin or beyond, you can reach the Upper Level. Join us beside the Clover Road Brewing Company now!

 (508) 308-9305
 Jiujitsu@upperlevelhudson.com Boxing@upperlevelhudson.com
 312 Main St, Hudson, MA 01749
 Get Directions

 ### Upper Level Jiu Jitsu 312 Main St, Hudson, MA 01749
 Get Directions
