---
source_url: http://ironrootsbjj.com
final_url: https://ironrootsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:56.981Z
---

# Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Empowerment through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Contact Us Today

 ## One Week Free Trial Still not sure that Jiu Jitsu is for you? We offer everyone a free trial week to make sure that we are the right place for you!

 Special Offers

 #### Upcoming ## Women's Self Defense Camp
 Join us for our quarterly self defense camp! This two day intensive includes foundations of ground work and striking, multiple potential self defense scenarios, the opportunity for a “live attacker” simulation and discussions on consent, boundaries and how to be an advocate for survivors and women in our community.
 Completion of this course gives you access to all future classes free of charge!
 Register Now!

 #### Iron Roots BJJ ## Introducing MMA
 Our new MMA classes combine the best of striking and grappling to help you become a more complete martial artist. Classes are held Tuesdays and Thursdays at 12pm and are open to all skill levels. Come learn from experienced coaches and take your training to the next level!

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## About Us At Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Here at Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 #### Welcome! ## Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### Exciting news! We have split into two age groups as Ninja Kids and Samurai Kids Learn More
 Your Journey Starts Today – If you’re looking to flip your fitness routine upside down, look no further. At Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we believe that anyone is capable of success. The art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind too. Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu’s Jiu Jitsu program will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment. Get started today!
 We are Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. We have a commitment to our students’ growth, development, performance, and happiness. We’d love to have you come visit and see for yourself.

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Discipline The art of Jiu Jitsu is built on self-discipline. Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will help you reach your goals, teach you to work hard, and share skills that will last you a lifetime.

 ##### Self-Defense Our Jiu-Jitsu classes will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ##### Family Here at Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, our community is like no other. We aim to create a safe space for our students – where mistakes are welcomed, growth is guaranteed, and instructors are bound to become mentors.

 ##### Confidence Our classes will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ##### Strength At Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 ##### Lots of Fun! Don’t get us wrong, mastering a martial art is hard. But above everything else, it’s fun! Nothing is as fulfilling as perfecting a technique or acing a sparring combination and being cheered on by your instructor and classmates.

 #####

 ## Gallery

 ## Sign Up Today! Complete the waiver today and everything will be ready when you come in!

 Sign Waiver

 ## Testimonials

 Dan and Erin are great teachers and supportive to everyone. Iron Roots is the best BJJ school in the springs hands down.

 Cos S. , Student

 The gym is so chill. Definitely a good place to train if you’re looking for a fun environment/space to learn and grow in Jiu Jitsu.

 Erica I. , Student

 You are all so amazing! You have so much talent at your school! I recommend this school for anyone who is interested in getting started!

 Jade M. , Student

 I would bring my children here anytime and recommend it to anyone. Also a strong diversity in belt ranks amongst the kid's class

 James P. , Parent

 Excellent instruction from Dan and Erin! Great place to learn self-defense, add to your jiu jitsu game and get in better physical shape. Clean facility and great lighting.

 Joshua J. , Student

 ## Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu News
 ### Summer Self Defense Camp We are putting all of the content for our 8 hour course into one weekend for our first “Summer Self…

 Read More

 ### Women’s Self-Defense Night – March 10th When: Friday, March 10th from 6:00 – 7:30 pm Where: Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Admission: $25 Join us for…

 Read More

 ### Women’s Self Defense Night – November 18th Iron Roots BJJ is partnering with the Elizabeth Smart Foundation to bring Smart Defense to Colorado Springs. We will use Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai Kickboxing and Krav Maga to provide the most practical training for women, designed to give you the chance to fight and get away during a violent encounter.

 Read More

 ### Contact Us Today! Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (719) 748-6870
 daniel.ries@ironrootsbjj.com
 1903 E Cache La Poudre St, Colorado Springs, CO 80909
 Get Directions

 ### Iron Roots Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 1903 E Cache La Poudre St, Colorado Springs, CO 80909
 Get Directions

 ## One Week Free Trial Still not sure that Jiu Jitsu is for you? We offer everyone a free trial week to make sure that we are the right place for you!

 Special Offers
