---
source_url: http://www.rollmodelgrapplingacademy.com
final_url: https://rollmodelgrapplingacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:26.172Z
---

# Roll Model Grappling Academy #### Find yourself in Jiu-Jitsu Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome To ## Roll Model Grappling Academy
 Roll Model Grappling Academy welcomes you to join our family of athletes. At our Greenwood, Indiana Jiu-Jitsu/Kickboxing academy, we value the hard work and camaraderie that leads to success. We’re a tight-knit community that knows how to have fun while we train hard. Our curriculum is not solely focused on competition, it’s about improving overall lifestyle. Roll Model Grappling Academy trains our students to handle adversity, stay fit, and be confident with self-defense. We train safely to improve our bodies and our minds to become better individuals. Be celebrated at Roll Model Grappling Academy by joining us for Jiu-Jitsu/Kickboxing classes today!

 ## 30 Day Free Trial! Come in and try Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, and Judo for 30 days for free! No obligation and no equipment required.

 Learn More!
 ##### 30 Day Free Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Special Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Welcome to Roll Model Grappling Academy, where our Jiu-Jitsu curriculum revolves around fostering seamless movement and dynamic combinations. Through this approach, we empower our students to grasp both the art of fluid grappling and its practical applications. Unlike traditional sports like football or soccer, martial arts transcend time, becoming a lifelong pursuit.
 Jiu-Jitsu recognizes no limitations of body type or age – our programs warmly welcome participants as young as 3 years old and currently our oldest student is 69. This inclusivity nurtures a passion for a lifestyle that embodies fitness, enjoyment, and competitiveness.
 #### Our History: Delving into our history, AJ Clingerman, the owner of Roll Model Grappling Academy, brings with her 23 years of invaluable gym ownership experience. However, the inception of Roll Model in April 2022 was more than a business venture; it was a deeply personal passion project. Driven by unwavering dedication, Clingerman aimed to establish a Jiu-Jitsu training environment that truly stands out – a haven that offers unwavering support, especially to the LGBTQIA community.
 Here, you’re not simply accepted; you’re celebrated. Clingerman’s mission revolves around guiding her students beyond challenges and equipping them with the necessary tools to triumph, irrespective of their identity. As Roll Model Grappling Academy continues to flourish, our aspiration is to impact the lives of numerous students, simultaneously nurturing world champions.
 Learn More!

 #### Learn Why ## It's Important

 ##### Inclusive Roll Model Grappling Academy takes pride in being a safe space for people of all ages, genders, orientations and body types.

 ##### Friendly We lift our students up and ensure you’re never left behind. Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone!

 ##### Resilience Grappling will help you problem-solve and face adversity. Your determination to succeed will be ignited by your like-minded teammates .

 ##### Community Our community is tight-knit and bonds on and off the mat. We’re here to support your hard work and celebrate your success.

 ##### Confidence We will build your confidence while you find your voice. Your training will build leadership skills and improve every aspect of life.

 ##### ##### "We celebrate you."

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To!

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ## What People Are Saying...

 We are new to BJJ, but my son is already in love with it! Thank you A.J. and Jen for being open minded, open hearted people. Would absolutely recommend!

 Photogenic Ferrets
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Great owners, great customers, great energy. 110% recommend!

 Sandy W.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The facility is very clean and the instruction is phenomenal. This place is a breath of fresh air in the often macho martial arts world.

 Ian W.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 As far as martial arts gyms go, this team will put your personal goals first.

 Jessica J.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 This academy has a strong sense of community. I have always felt welcomed. I have been training for a little over a year now and I love it.

 Victoria S.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ## 30 Day Free Trial! Come in and try Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, and Judo for 30 days for free! No obligation and no equipment required.

 Learn More!
 ##### 30 Day Free Trial! ×

 ### Contact Us Today! Roll Model Grappling Academy has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your Jiu-Jitsu/Kickboxing journey!

 (317) 709-4043
 aj@rollmodelgrapplingacademy.com
 1140 N State Rd 135 Ste P, Greenwood, IN 46142
 Get Directions

 ### Roll Model Grappling Academy 1140 N State Rd 135 Ste P, Greenwood, IN 46142
 Get Directions
