---
source_url: http://www.evolutionmuaythai.com/mma-nyc/
final_url: https://evolutionmuaythai.com/mma-nyc/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:14.033Z
---

## , ## Evolution Muay Thai Current Program Descriptions. Evolution turns regular people into highly trained combat athletes. Our instructors and the members of our fight team are martial arts nerds. We study the finer points of fighting arts with an eye for detail that is borderline OCD.
 Evolution is not just a gym. We are a family. Members and staff grow to love and respect each other through hard work and shared experiences. Training partners become your friends. Over time those friendships become bonds. Through life’s ups and downs, your gym family can last a lifetime. Sound like something you might be interested in?

 ### Muay Thai With over twenty years in Muay Thai and Western boxing experience, Coach Brandon has developed a program that incorporates both styles perfectly. The success of Evolution fighters in local, national and international competition is testimony to the effectiveness of this approach.
 The traditional fighting style of Thailand, Muay Thai (Thai boxing) is a brutally effective martial art for both competition, self-defense, and general fitness. The emphasis with Muay Thai striking is effectiveness and economy of movement. Nothing is wasted. Every technique is designed to maximize power while minimizing effort.
 Nak Muay (Thai boxers) use punches, kicks, elbows, knees and clinch in beautiful yet devastating combinations. These combinations appear so effortless and graceful that Muay Thai has been nicknamed “The Dance of Eight Limbs”.
 One of the most noticeable things about Muay Thai boxers is how relaxed they appear to be. This comes from thousands of hours of drilling the basic techniques that make up the core of Muay Thai. Techniques are drilled over and over again at full speed and power, until the student reaches a level of exhaustion where they are forced to learn how to move more economically. This tried and true method creates a fighter capable of generating maximum power for minimum effort.
 It’s quite an intense workout, burning anywhere between 500 and 1,000 calories per hour, while using almost every muscle in the body. Muay Thai has become increasingly popular not only with combat athletes but also with every day people looking to make the most of their workout time.
 Today, more and more people are choosing Muay Thai over regular gym workouts not only for the superior conditioning they receive from the exercises involved, but also because Muay Thai is hell of a lot of fun. When you train Muay Thai you get to hit things with your friends, burning off your day’s frustrations as you burn off the calories. You will lose weight fast and tone up your entire body, all while learning something that could save your ass in a street fight.
 As one of the three pillars of mixed martial arts, Muay Thai has experienced a massive boom in popularity over the past thirty years, due in large part to the success of Mixed Martial Arts and in particular, the UFC. Despite it’s rough and tumble reputation, the people you meet in a Muay Thai class are not what you would probably expect.
 For such a violent and aggressive sport, Muay Thai attracts a very diverse group of people. People from all walks of life, come together to train in an environment of friendly acceptance, without judgments or prejudices, where everybody simply wants to better themselves while having fun.
 Evolution is a highly successful fight gym that has produced a number of champions. Our fighters are dedicated to the sport. Treating it less like a hobby and more like a part time (full time) job. A job they do for love, not money.
 Their enthusiasm for the sport is infectious and you will find yourself catching the bug before you know it.
 Whether you are interested in competition or not, you will train like a professional fighter. All the exercises and techniques you will learn are the exact same ones our fighters use. In fact, you will feel as if you are right there with them in camp as they get ready for their fights. It’s an awesome experience.

 ### JiuJitsu Brazilian Jiu-jitsu is a grappling-based fighting style focusing on incapacitating opponents through the use of leverage against weak areas of the body. It has become an absolute necessity for survival in the cage, and has on countless occasions proven how effective the submission game can be. It is also an accepted truth that most street altercations will involve some sort of grappling (standing or on the ground). This is why BJJ is a cornerstone of our training for mixed martial arts combat and self-defense.
 We offer both Gi and No-Gi classes. Gi classes are for those who are interested in training with the traditional uniform. No-Gi is more oriented towards MMA competition.
 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are dedicated to the development of the most effective Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques for MMA competition and self-defense. With emphasis on submissions instead of strikes, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is highly recommended for people in the law enforcement community.
