---
source_url: http://sharktankbjj.com
final_url: http://sharktankbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:27.465Z
---

The Shark Tank has been providing quality Brazilian jiu-jitsu instruction for well over a decade, helping our students reach their fitness goals while learning the world's premier martial art. Our instructors come from all walks of life, helping to create a friendly low-pressure atmosphere where the student's hands-on learning becomes an enjoyable and transformative process.
 For the new student with prior experience, our team members are comprised of many skill levels and styles to challenge you and learn from. No prior martial arts experience is needed, and any fitness level is welcomed.
 Come visit us, or take a trial class.
 You won't be disappointed.
 C4C is a comprehensive system based on proven methods and principles that allow users to stop or dominate combative events. Chad Lyman, PFC’s Director of Combatives, is the founder and primary curriculum developer of Code 4 Concepts. Chad’s background and progressive approach to combative problem solving has resulted in the formation of a simple, direct and effective system of intermediate force options for all ranges. C4C out performs other defensive training systems because it is principle-based as opposed to technique-based. Most military, law enforcement, and martial arts training involves numerous techniques that must be learned, perfected and remembered. These techniques often break down and fail in an actual fight, and the officers trained in a technique-based program do not have the ability to adapt or overcome failures in an effective way. C4C graduates learn core principles that lead to them dominating physical encounters. Principles are knowledge that can be learned, understood, and applied in any fight, whether standing, on the ground, weapon based, in a vehicle, etc. Once a student grasps the correct principles of a combative encounter, they can achieve positions of advantage before or during a fight and then work to dictate the outcome.

 ## Training Schedule

 ### Adult All Levels Morning
 Mon, Weds, Fri
 6:30am-7:30am
 Mon, Wed, Fri
 10:30am-11:30am
 Evening
 Mon, Tues, Wed, Thurs
 6:15pm-7:15pm

 ### Kids Ages 6-9
 Mon, Wed
 5:15-6:00pm
 ### Teens Ages 10-15
 Tues, Thurs
 5:15-6:00pm

 ### Open Mat Saturday 9:30

 ## Instructors

 #### Bill Bontcue ##### BJJ Director/Instructor - Retired K9 Sergeant from the Vineland Police Department - BJJ Black Belt under Vitor Shaolin Ribeiro - Level 5 Instructor in C4C PJJ under Chad Lyman - Black Belt in GoJu Ryu Karate under Master John Austino Jr. - IBJJF Pan-Am No Gi champion - Multiple time IBJJF Pan-Am, NAGA and Grapplers Quest medalist - Competed in professional MMA fights with CFFC - NJDOC Defensive tactics/handcuffing instructor

 #### Jon Forsythe - BJJ Black Belt under Vitor Shaolin Ribeiro - Certified Instructor in Martial Blade Concepts/Counter Blade Concepts under world renowned edged weapons expert Michael Janich. - Defensive tactics/handcuffing instructor. - Multiple time AGL, NAGA and Goodfight Medalist.

 #### Tim Ball - Judo Black Belt under Ray Marquez (Vineland Judo Club) - BJJ Black Belt under Bill Bontcue (The Shark Tank BJJ Academy) - Certified Instructor in Martial Blade Concepts/Counter Blade Concepts under world renowned edged weapons expert Michael Janich. - C4C PJJ Level 5 Instructor under Chad Lyman - 2X Bando Kickboxing National Champion (2008-2009) - FURY Pro 5 competitor - Medalist in multiple BJJ and Judo tournaments

 #### Tim Berry - Retired Lieutenant NJ Department of Corrections - BJJ Brown Belt under Bill Bontcue (The Shark Tank BJJ Academy) - NJDOC Defensive Tactics and Handcuffing Instructor - Fight2Win Grappling Competitor - Medalist in multiple NAGA, Tap Cancer Out and Good Fight BJJ tournaments - Ironman Triathlete - Former high school and youth wrestling coach

 #### Bryan Danner
 #### Andy Balinge

 #### Kids Instructors #### Gage Vazguez

 ## Contact Info 950 N Main Road
 Vineland, NJ 08360

 856-507-1700

 info@sharktankbjj.com

 facebook.com/sharktanknj

 @sharktankvineland
