---
source_url: http://droogsmma.com
final_url: https://droogsmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:04.448Z
---

# Welcome to Droogs MMA! Welcome to Droogs MMA! Welcome to Droogs MMA! Welcome to Droogs MMA!

 Located in Pottstown, Pa.

 ## About Droogs MMA Welcome to Droogs MMA, where community and camaraderie are at the heart of everything we do. Inspired by the word droogs - meaning "friends" - our gym is more than just a place to train; it's a space to connect, grow, and achieve your goals alongside people who have your back.

 At Droogs, we believe fitness is a journey best shared. Whether you're here to sharpen your skills, push your limits, or simply stay active, our welcoming environment and expert instructors are here to guide you every step of the way. Our diverse offerings are designed to challenge and inspire, no matter your experience level.

 Join our community and experience the power of training with friends. Together, we're stronger. Together, we're Droogs!

 #### Our Promise Our promise is to be an un-biased and safe space for learning mixed martial arts. Our focus is on building community, achieving discipline and cultivating mental and physical toughness amongst our members. We offer Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai Kickboxing, Boxing, MMA, and Kids classes, giving every student a place to thrive. Martial arts are for everyone and we are here to prove that!

 ### Our programs

 Click here to check out our programs!

 ## Instructors #### "Wildman" Dan O'Neill Dan is a purple belt in jiu jitsu, and striking specialist. He is a level-2 assistant instructor in the WTBA under Ajarn Ryan Gruhn and he teaches a hybrid striking system focused on freestyle ambidextrous techniques. He has lots of experience in the fight game, with a 8-2 amateur Muay Thai record and a 3-4 amateur MMA record. Dan is a professional Muay Thai and K-1 fighter and plans to make his professional MMA debut soon!

 #### Emily O’Neill Emily has been involved in the fight world for over a decade, helping with cornering, wrapping hands, and supporting fighters behind the scenes. She is a blue belt Jiu Jitsu, trains Muay Thai, Boxing, and MMA and plays a key role in running the day to day operations of the gym. As an instructor, she focuses on teaching kids classes, helping young martial artists build confidence and strong fundamentals. Whether on the mats or behind the scenes, she is dedicated to making the gym a great place to train.

 ## Social

 ## Contact Us

 #### Drop us a line! Name*

 Please list age of student (Minors must be accompanied by parent/guardian.)

 Email*

 Phone Number (Optional)

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Better yet, see us in person! We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.

 #### Droogs MMA and Jiu Jitsu 1730 New Schuylkill Road, Pottstown, Pennsylvania, 19465, United States
 484-883-1399 info@droogsmma.com

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
