---
source_url: https://www.freedomjiujitsucarlsbad.com
final_url: https://freedomjiujitsucarlsbad.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:27.940Z
---

- 760-212-9011

 # WELCOME TO FREEDOM JIU-JITSU CARLSBAD

 At Freedom Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we are dedicated to cultivating a vibrant and welcoming community through the art of Gracie Jiu Jitsu.
 Our mission is to create an inclusive and welcoming environment where individuals and families of all ages can come together to learn, grow, and experience the freedom and empowerment that martial arts offers. We believe in nurturing a sense of family on and off the mat, fostering connections beyond physical training and mental growth.
 Our gym is not just a place to learn self-defense and get in shape; it is a haven where freedom, respect, and camaraderie thrive. Join us in our journey to build strength, character, and community – one roll at a time!

 Start your free trial

 View class schedule

 ### meet the owner,Staci stefan

 ### WOMAN-OWNED, BJJ black belt

 As a woman-owned studio, Staci’s journey of competing and overcoming in the Jiu Jitsu world for over a decade is a testament to her unwavering dedication to the sport and her students. Her passion infuses our studio with a unique energy, inspiring individuals to discover their strength both on and off the mat.
 Learn more about Staci and our other black belt instructors here.

 ### Professor David ruiz, 5th degree black belt

 Professor David Ruiz is our head black belt instructor here at Freedom Jiu Jitsu Academy. Dave has been training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for over 30 years, has owned his own academies, and teaches authentic Gracie Jiu Jitsu straight from the sources of Helio Gracie and Rorion Gracie.
 Learn more about Professor David and our other black belt instructors here.

 # OUR JIU JITSU PHILOSOPHY:

 BUILDING RELATIONSHIPS, STRENGTH,
 AND character

 At Freedom Jiu-Jitsu Carlsbad, we go beyond the techniques; we foster relationships, strength, character, and a commitment to the art. Our highly qualified black belt instructors are dedicated to imparting their full spectrum of Jiu Jitsu knowledge – from the fundamental principles of self-defense to the intricate nuances of sport Jiu Jitsu.

 ### JOIN US ON THIS transformative JOURNEY!

 Whether you call Carlsbad, Vista, Oceanside, San Marcos, Encinitas, or San Diego home, our doors are open for you. We invite you to try the “gentle art” for yourself with a free trial at our academy. Experience the transformative power of Jiu Jitsu, where technique meets heart, and every roll is a step towards empowerment. Your journey begins at Freedom Jiu-Jitsu Carlsbad, where you’ll discover that passion and proficiency come together for an unparalleled martial arts experience.

 Start your free trial

 black belt instructors

 toddlers, Kids & Teens

 brazilian Jiu jitsu

 Women's jiu jitsu

 Class schedule

 Homeschool Program

 Muay thai

 Upcoming Events

 online store

 ## Member testimonials

 Been going here for over a year. We use the homeschool program and are so so happy!! Great communication with the owner and teachers. They have helped my kiddo thrive!!
 Eda S.
 Carlsbad

 Staci is amazing! She is so patient with our 4 year old in little ninjas and really has an amazing way of keeping the kids engaged! All the coaches are great! Our 8 year old has come to love jiu jitsu because of her coaches and they other awesome family that attend! Thank you Freedom for providing such a wonderful environment for our girls to learn and grow!
 Jessica T
 Escondido

 We have been attending this gym for the last three years. Our kids have made their best friends here. I have seen their confidence grow immeasurably! We love the class options, the Muay Thai, and especially the homeschool program! This gym really has been the center of our family's growth over the years. So grateful for the beautiful space, great location, and knowledgeable instructors. What a fun place to begin your jiu jitsu training!
 Amanda J.
 Carlsbad

 ## Get a 2-week pass for only $25

 Join us for a 2-week Unlimited Class Pass! Just click the button below, enter your name and email, and we will send you instructions on how to claim.

 claim my 2-week pass!

 ## Member testimonials

 We have been with Staci for over two years now. My oldest does jiu-jitsu and muay thai. She absolutely loves the sport, the community, and lifestyle. My youngest starts this month. Both of my girls have created a loving and motivating community with not only the coaches, but with the families. As a mother, I am truly blessed to have a strong, nurturing, black belt female owner and coach for my girls to look up to. We are beyond grateful for finding this gym.
 Karah K.
 Oceanside

 We love Freedom! My 9 years started here 2 years ago and absolutely loves all the coaches! She looks forward to her Jiu Jitsu days! She has made so many great friends through this amazing very family oriented gym.
 Safoura G.
 Oceanside

 Our family has been attending since September 2023. Our son does the Homeschool Enrichment program. Mrs Judy and her daughter Ms Jasmine are amazing Montessori teachers. My son loves "Jiu Jitsu school" and is thriving. He also participates in the Little Ninjas class and the instructors are phenomenal. Coach Dave, Coach Staci, and Coach Steve make the class fun and educational (for the kids) and entertaining (for the parents). I am so grateful for this community. My child is learning, getting stronger, developing friendships, and gaining confidence.
 Mindy
 Carlsbad

 - 6108 Avenida encinas #c - CARLSBAD, CA 92011 - INFO@FREEDOMJIUJITSUCARLSBAD.COM - 760 212 9011 - Follow Us - Like us On Facebook
