---
source_url: https://www.bttlongbeach.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.bttlongbeach.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:41.395Z
---

Scroll

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that focuses on ground fighting and applying joint locks, chokeholds, and sweeps to defeat one’s opponent. Developed in Brazil, BJJ traces it’s roots to the Japanese martial art of judo and has evolved to becomes its own martial art, sport, and way of life.

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu All Belts This class is open to all adult students (over the age of 16) studying Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Students will learn a range of fundamental to advanced BJJ training techniques. The deliberate mixing of belts allows beginner students to gain hands on fundamentals training with the advanced students and, in turn, the advanced students gain suitable training partners to polish their fundamentals and test new, advanced techniques.
 The structure of the class is comprised around a warm-up, a lesson in technique, partner training, and sparring to practice their overall BJJ.

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Fundementals This class is open to all adults (over the age of 16) beginning their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training. Students will learn the fundamentals of BJJ and basic training techniques.
 The structure of the class is comprised around a warm-up, a lesson in technique and partner training to practice the technique from the lesson.

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu This class is for kids (under the age of 16) beginning their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training. Students will learn the fundamentals of BJJ and basic training techniques.
 The structure of the class is comprised around a warm-up, a lesson in technique, partner training, and sparring to practice their overall BJJ.

 # Our Roots Brazilian Top Team continues the tradition of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tracing back to it’s origins in judo.

 Mitsuyo Maeda

 Pioneered judo in Brazil in the early 20th century. Often referred to as “the father of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu” and “the toughest man who ever lived.”

 Carlos Gracie

 The first Gracie to study judo under Maeda. Founded Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu alongside his brothers in 1925. 10th degree Red Belt.

 Carlson Gracie

 9th degree Red Belt and eldest son of Carlos Gracie. Undefeated Vale Tudo fighter and reigning world champ for over 20 years.

 # Our Team

 Murilo Bustamante

 Co-Founder of Brazilian Top Team

 Marcelo Perdomo

 Head of Brazilian Top Team Long Beach

 # The Benefits

 Develop Self Confidence

 Promote Functional Strength and Weight Loss

 Learn Self Defense

 Improve Coordination, Flexibility and Balance

 Team Building Atmosphere

 Help Relieve Stress
