---
source_url: https://lexingtonjiujitsuandfitness.com/jiu-jitsu-class-schedule/
final_url: https://lexingtonjiujitsuandfitness.com/jiu-jitsu-class-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.748Z
---

Skip to content # CLASS SCHEDULE

 # Gi vs. No Gi

 While you can practice jiu-jitsu in any kind of non-restrictive athletic attire, you’ll find that your training sessions can be enhanced with the right clothes. The traditional practice attire is called a Gi, which is a two-piece garment consisting of loose fitting pants and a heavy weight cotton jacket, tied with a cloth belt. No Gi attire usually consists of shorts and/or tights (a.k.a spats) and a close fitting shirt (a.k.a. rash guard). There are benefits to training in both Gi and No Gi, so we practice using both, alternating days.
 NO GI: Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays.
 GI: Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays.

 - SAFETY FIRST: We are committed to the health, safety, and welfare of all our members. When you walk through our doors, whether you stay for a day or a lifetime, you become a part of the team. We expect that you treat every teammate with respect and commit to their wellbeing by following our studio etiquette. - RECOMMENDED ATTIRE: For your first class, you are welcome to wear non-restrictive athletic clothing, like a t-shirt, yoga pants, or gym shorts without pockets. When you are ready to commit to your jiu-jitsu training, then we recommend that you invest in a Gi and No Gi attire. (See Gi vs. No Gi). It is important to wear a mouth guard to protect your teeth during training; we provide a complimentary mouthguard when you sign up for a membership. Lastly, for footwear, barefoot training is the norm; alternatively you can wear wrestling shoes or clean socks. For more recommendations, visit our FAQ page - MEMBERSHIP OPTIONS: A membership at Lexington Jiu-Jitsu gives you unlimited access to all classes and open mat times. We offer three tiers, which are designed based on your level of commitment and mirror the process of learning jiujitsu. The more you commit to your practice, the more value you receive. Click here to learn more.

 Go to Top
