---
source_url: https://lexingtonjiujitsuandfitness.com/jiu-jitsu-classes/
final_url: https://lexingtonjiujitsuandfitness.com/jiu-jitsu-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:35.196Z
---

Skip to content ## INTERMEDIATE & ADVANCED JIU-JITSU
 This co-ed class is best suited for students with prior jiu-jitsu experience and a solid understanding of the fundamentals. A typical class includes a dynamic warmup, technique demonstration, drilling and live rolling. The drills vary daily and build upon each other to encourage precise skill development and flow.
 The last 30 minutes of class is dedicated to the practice of live rolling. Students may participate or rest and observe as they see fit during the live rolling portion of class.
 We practice in both Gi and No-Gi attire on alternating days.
 No-Gi days: Mon, Wed, Fri, Sun
 Gi days: Tues, Thurs, Sat
 SCHEDULE:
 Mon-Thurs: 12pm to 1pm + 6:30pm to 7:30pm
 Saturday: 12pm to 1pm

 SCHEDULE A FREE TRIAL

 ## FUNDAMENTALS OF JIU-JITSU
 This co-ed class is designed for students with little to no jiu-jitsu experience and yet is still beneficial for practitioners of all levels. The curriculum follows a 16 week cycle, and guides students through the fundamental movement patterns, basic positions and essential techniques to help prepare you to safely participate in live rolling.
 A typical class starts with a warm-up and drills followed by in-depth instruction of a classic jiu-jitsu technique. There is no live rolling during this class, however it may include some situational sparring. This is also an excellent class for more mature kids (ages 12 and up) and parents to participate in together.
 We practice in both Gi and No-G i attire on alternating days.
 No-Gi days: Mon, Wed, Fri, Sun
 Gi days: Tues, Thurs, Sat
 SCHEDULE:
 Monday-Thursday: 5:15pm to 6pm

 SCHEDULE A FREE TRIAL

 ## COMPETITION TRAINING
 This high intensity class is designed to hone you physically and mentally for competitions. A typical session includes both stand-up and ground work, situational drills and live rolling.
 Please come hydrated and mentally prepared for a challenging workout. Students do not have to be enrolled in an upcoming competition to participate, but they must have a solid foundation of the fundamentals of jiu-jitsu, as the class offers minimal instruction, maximum reps.
 Attire for this class may vary between gi and no-gi, depending on upcoming competitions. Please come prepared for either.
 SCHEDULE:
 Friday: 5:30 to 7pm

 ## SITUATIONAL SPARRING
 This is a supplement for the fundamentals class. An instructor guides students through various scenarios that may arise in live rolling. Four 5-minute rounds with 45 seconds of rest in-between. SCHEDULE:
 Monday-Thursday: 6 to 6:30pm

 ## OPEN MAT
 This is a time for self-directed practice and drilling. An Instructor is present and available for questions but does not actively guide students in a class.
 SCHEDULE:
 Monday + Wednesday: 4-5pm
 Saturday: 1 to 2pm

 ## WOMEN'S Jiu-Jitsu
 This class features a similar format to our fundamentals class, with a warmup, technique demonstration and drilling, but for women only. Lead by our dynamic superwoman blackbelt, Jessie! She is passionate about jiu-jitsu and loves empowering ladies with the skills to keep you safe on and off the mats. The ladies class practices in No-gi attire in the warmer months, April through October, and in a Gi for the colder months.
 SCHEDULE:
 Saturday: 11am to 12pm

 SCHEDULE A FREE TRIAL

 ## Bulletproof for BJJ
 This class, guided by Henry Huffines, 200 RYT, draws on yogic principles to help you warm-up, strengthen and mobilize before training. The session precedes the Community Roll and is free to the jiu-jitsu community at large. SCHEDULE:
 Saturday: 10-10:45am

 ## COMMUNITY ROLL
 An invitation to the jiu-jitsu community at large: Practitioners visiting from other academies are welcome to join us to get a different look. The session has twelve 5-minute rounds with 45 seconds of rest in between; we ask that practitioners roll in the spirit of improvement, not competition. Admittance to community open mat is free, we just require that you sign our waiver and abide by the house rules to participate. SCHEDULE:
 On hiatus

 SIGN WAIVER

 Go to Top
