---
source_url: http://www.studio1908jj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=2039266949894054944
final_url: https://studio1908jj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_campaign=2039266949894054944
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:17.319Z
---

- studio1908jj@gmail.com - (201) 367-1347

 Menu

 # Jersey City's Best Martial Arts SCHOOL

 Find out why so many people in Jersey City turn to Studio 1908 Jiu jitsu Academy for their martial arts training. Parents just like you have discovered how to maximize their child's potential and accelerate their development! Request more information or get started today with our exclusive online only offer!

 - Jersey City members have seen improvements in as little as 7 days!

 ## view our scheduleand gain access to our exclusive web special

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 4-7) Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 8-14) Adult Jiu Jitsu Adult No Gi Jiu Jitsu Muay Thai

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Studio 1908 Jiu jitsu Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsuin Jersey City Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Jersey City will help your child develop confidence and street smarts that will stay with them for the rest of their lives! Jiu Jitsu classes for kids in Jersey City teaches them the proper training and form to protect themselves while having TONS of fun!

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsuin Jersey City Adult Jiu Jitsu in Jersey City will transform your physique while crushing your fitness goals, all while you learn useful and practical self-defense skills.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Muay Thaiin Jersey City Next-level fitness and self-defense- two major goals for anyone looking for Muay Thai training in Jersey City! It's time to change up your workout and get incredible results while learning real-world self-defense techniques in our Muay Thai classes.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## why CHOOSE Studio 1908 Jiu jitsu Academy?

 Since we’ve opened, we’ve been dedicated to changing the lives of people one person at a time, through martial arts, education and coaching. We strive to provide a safe, comfortable and welcoming atmosphere for all students and family members in Jersey City. We take pride in creating an environment for individuals to achieve, develop and succeed in their personal goals.
 We strongly believe that martial arts can be for everyone, regardless of age, gender or experience levels. Throughout all of our programs, students will not only learn the necessary skill sets to protect themselves, we stand behind our realistic and practical approach, confident it will enable every member to achieve greatness and live their best life.

 "This BJJ academy coach and students were the best in customer service, knowledge and their facility is impeccable! I'm visiting from California but highly recommend. "

 " My son had a great time working out with professors and coaches and made new friends. They teach the technique very detail and break it down step by step. The facility is clean and large. My son loves his classes. "

 "Members are not only kind but also genuinely welcoming, creating an environment where everyone feels at home. In summary, Studio 1908 Academy stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a rich and rewarding Jiu-Jitsu education. "

 "If your goal is to enhance your jiu-jitsu in the most stunning, clean, and well-kept BJJ gym possible, this is the place you want to be! "

 " One of the best professors in NYC. The methodology and Jiu Jitsu is updated, no politics and very welcoming. "

 "You won’t regret it. Best BJJ in the tri-state. Next level coaching and intense competition in every class."

 " The best BJJ school you’ll find with world class instruction, a great facility, with welcoming and attentive instructors. "

 "I've had an amazing experience here. The room has all types of students, from hobbyists to competitors, and all the students are very friendly and supportive which makes the whole experience even more rewarding. "

 ## About our programs

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsuin Jersey City Jersey City Kids Jiu Jitsu classes are the perfect blend of self-defense and FUN! Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instructors teach your child how to protect themselves while they learn coordination, focus, discipline, confidence, and perseverance.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsuin Jersey City Adult Jiu Jitsu in Jersey City will transform your physique while crushing your fitness goals, all while you learn useful and practical self-defense skills.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Muay Thaiin Jersey City Turn your body into a self defense machine with Muay Thai classes in Jersey City ! Punch, kick, elbow and knee your way to a powerful physique and learn this life-saving skill.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better, join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Jersey City martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self-defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self-discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Studio 1908 Jiu jitsu Academy Jersey City are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer…The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Jersey City martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Studio 1908 Jiu jitsu Academy in Jersey City has martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. We are sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 ### Studio 1908 Jiu jitsu Academy Jersey City

 We’re located at 460 Grand St Ground Floor Commercial Space , stop by and say hello!
