---
source_url: https://www.aoacommunity.com/service-page/combat-jiu-jitsu-class
final_url: https://www.aoacommunity.com/service-page/combat-jiu-jitsu-class
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:12.495Z
---

# Combat Jiu Jitsu Class
 All Levels | MMA x Submission Grappling

 1 hr 1 h 20 US dollars
 $20

 Hondo Pass Drive

 Register

 ## Service Description Take your skills to the next level with our Combat Jiu Jitsu class! This hybrid class combines light striking with submission grappling, creating a dynamic and realistic training experience. Perfect for all levels, you'll develop strength, technique, and adaptability while mastering the transition between striking and grappling. Ideal for those looking to enhance their combat fitness or prepare for competition in the cage.

 ## Upcoming Sessions

 Register

 ## Cancellation Policy - Cancel Anytime! - To Reschedule, please notify us 24 hours prior to your appointment! - I acknowledge and assume all risks and agree to release, waive, and discharge Ambassadors of the Art BJJ LLC, its owners, employees, and affiliates from any claims, liabilities, or expenses arising from my participation. I certify that I am physically able to participate and will follow all rules and instructions. I accept full responsibility for my actions and any resulting injuries. I agree to indemnify and hold harmless Ambassadors of the Art from any claims arising from my participation. I understand this waiver is legally binding and applies to myself, my heirs, and assigns.

 ## Contact Details - 4601 Hondo Pass Drive, El Paso, TX, USAambassadorsoftheart@gmail.com
