---
source_url: http://www.jjjtulsajiu-jitsu.com
final_url: https://www.jjjtulsajiu-jitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:12.512Z
---

# Welcome to the # Family ### × A CARLOS MACHADO AFFILIATE ×

 TRY FOR FREE

 ## Jedi Jiu-Jitsu Jedi Jiu-Jitsu, located in Tulsa, OK, boasts some of the best instructors and staff in the area teaching BJJ (Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu), Self-Defense, Muay Thai, and Judo. Our location has had the honor of being a Carlos Machado Affiliate since the inception of our organization. In addition to our martial arts programs, we offer private lessons and instructional seminars led by Jiujiteiro Legends such as Carlos Machado, Rafael Lovato, and many more. Private lessons for both youth and adults are available with any of our instructors. Each lesson that is taken with the Lead Instructor is accompanied with extra amenities you won’t find at other gyms.
 Our mission is to create an environment here at Jedi Jiu-Jitsu where anyone training at our academy can achieve their goals, regardless of gender or activity level. We foster an atmosphere where a serious student training at our academy can become a World Champion; where a student in their early teens can come and experience all the benefits of a martial arts lifestyle; where a hobbyist can come and enjoy themselves while exercising and learning; where everyone comes together in support of one another, with the mutual goal of improving their Jiu-Jitsu, and allowing Jiu-Jitsu to improve their lives. Our academy is a community where everyone is welcomed, appreciated, and respected. Come and join our family!

 We are proud to be a premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu facility located in Tulsa, OK. We pride ourselves in creating a fun, friendly, and family oriented atmosphere where everyone, regardless of age or fitness level, is welcome.

 Schedule Your Free Class Today

 ### Location 7008 S. Utica Ave
 Tulsa, Oklahoma 74136
 PHONE NUMBER
 (918) 933-1745

 We are located in the same shopping center as Shortline Dental on 71st between Lewis and Riverside.

 ## Tulsa’s 5-Star Rated Jiu Jitsu Gym
