---
source_url: http://www.catebjjandkickboxing.com
final_url: https://www.catebjjandkickboxing.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:29.047Z
---

# Knoxville's Top Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing Gym
 Achieve your fitness, self-defense, or competitive goals with expert Kickboxing, BJJ, and MMA classes in Knoxville, TN.

 Start Your Journey
 Find Us on The Map

 ### Mission Statement

 Led by Josh Cate, a seasoned martial artist with over 30 years of experience, we provide a structured, supportive environment where students build confidence, resilience, and real-world self-defense skills. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced fighter, our step-by-step training approach ensures progress, both physically and mentally.

 ## Trial Classes Schedule Filter by: Class (All)

 ## Cate BJJ and Kickboxing

 #### About The Classes

 JOSH

 CATE

 ## Meet Your Coach
 With over 30 years of experience, Coach Josh Cate is a seasoned martial artist holding black belts in Shingitai Jiu-Jitsu, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo and Tae Kwon Do.

 His extensive training also encompasses Boxing, Muay Thai, and Wrestling. He is considered a pioneer of Mixed Martial Arts in the state of Tennessee. Complementing his martial arts expertise, Josh earned a Master's degree in Sports Psychology and Motor Behavior from The University of Tennessee, enabling him to support students in achieving their BJJ, MMA, and Kickboxing goals. His passion lies in sharing the martial arts and guiding others through his expert coaching.

 Get in Touch

 Brazilian Jiu-jitsu
 (BJJ)

 A grappling martial art that emphasizes ground fighting and submission techniques. It teaches practitioners to control and submit opponents using technique and leverage rather than brute strength. This approach allows them to overcome larger opponents.

 Mixed Martial Arts
 (MMA)

 A full-contact combat sport that combines techniques from various martial arts, including boxing, wrestling, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), and Muay Thai. This blend allows athletes to develop a versatile skill set, making MMA one of the most effective martial arts disciplines.

 Kickboxing

 A striking-based martial art that combines punches, kicks, and footwork. At our gym, we include elements from disciplines like Muay Thai and boxing. This dynamic practice enhances cardio health while improving endurance, coordination, and flexibility.

 ##### Your Training Starts Now!
 Start with a trial class.

 Ready to sharpen your skills?

 Book a Trial Class

 ###### Train Hard. Evolve Faster.
 Join a community built on discipline, strength, and progress. Train with Josh Cate and take your martial arts journey to the next level.

 Book Your Trial Class
 Get in Touch

 No one pushes you harder than Josh. He cares about his students and he only want to see you be successful.
 Johnse

 Josh and several others are very knowledgeable individuals. Great training partners and facility. Do not miss out.
 Sergio

 I was extremely nervous being a newbie and never training before, but Josh and everyone that trains with him welcomed me so warmly.
 Cailey
