---
source_url: http://jiujitsudynamics.com
final_url: https://jiujitsudynamics.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:52.838Z
---

# Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics ## Olympia & Lacey Jiu-Jitsu Academy
 Start Your Trial

 ##### Start Your Free Trial Today! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics
 At Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics, we are proud to serve the Olympia and Lacey communities with a family oriented academy dedicated to helping you reach your goals through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Whether you are looking to build confidence, improve fitness, or just challenge yourself on the mats, our experienced coaches and welcoming community is here to support your journey every step of the way.

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 ### Try a Complimentary Class! Experience Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics with a complimentary trial class. It’s a great way to see our training environment and meet our coaches before you decide to join.

 Join Now ##### Start Your Free Trial Today! ×

 #### Our School Founded in 2014, Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics is a family owned and operated academy near the Olympia and Lacey border conveniently located off of exit 107. With roots in Hawai’i, we bring the spirit of Aloha into everything we do, creating a positive, supportive, and family-friendly environment. Safety and encouragement are at the core of our culture and we’re committed to helping every student feel at home while growing in their jiu-jitsu journey.
 #### Our History Will Hagerty earned his black belt in 2011 under Egan Inoue of Grappling Unlimited Hawai’i and is now a fourth-degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. With over 30 years of combined experience in wrestling and jiujitsu, he brings both technical expertise and a deep passion for teaching. Will is dedicated to helping students improve their physical fitness, strengthen their mental resilience, and develop effective self-defense skills. He remains an active competitor on the IBJJF circuit, continually testing and refining his craft to become a better practitioner and instructor in jiu-jitsu.

 ### What Makes Us Great
 At Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics, we pride ourselves on being a home for jiu-jitsu like no other in Olympia and Lacey. Whether you’re a beginner, child, competitor or adult, you’ll find your place in our academy. With a culture built on strong values, attention to detail, and community, Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics is truly special.

 ##### Expanded Facility Our 4200 sq. ft. academy gives students plenty of space to train safely and comfortably with dedicated seating for guests to watch and support their family and friends during class.

 ##### Clean & Well-Maintained Environment We make a great effort to keep our academy clean and sanitized on a daily basis, ensuring a safe space where students can train with confidence.

 ##### Professional & Personal Connection At Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics, you’re more than just a face on the mats. We make it a priority to get to know every student, building an atmosphere that feels like family.

 ##### Community Focused From beginners to competitors, our programs foster growth, connection, and a true sense of belonging on and off the mats. We grow together not only as practitioners but also as people, building discipline, respect and connection.

 #### Coach Safety & Certification ###
 At our academy, the safety and well-being of our students is our highest priority. Every member of our coaching staff has successfully completed a comprehensive background screening through the Safe Coach program.
 In addition, all coaches have undergone SafeSport training, which focuses on athlete safety, abuse prevention, and creating a positive, respectful training environment. This training equips our staff with the knowledge and tools to recognize, prevent, and respond appropriately to any concerns.
 We are committed to maintaining a safe, supportive, and professional space where all students can train with confidence.

 ### Our Class Schedule! Find a time that works best for you! We offer Jiu-Jitsu classes for adults and kids Monday through Saturday, with evening options to fit busy schedules. Check out our schedule and start planning your next training session.

 View Schedule

 #### Check out the Fun ### Join Us on the Mat

 ### What Our Students Are Saying Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics is more than a place to train, it’s a community. We’ve built an environment where students of all ages feel welcome, supported, and inspired to grow. Our detailed instruction, open mind, and family-like atmosphere sets up all our students for success and continuous improvement. Our Olympia and Lacey jiu-jitsu family is made up of kids, parents, and adults who each bring their own story to the mats. Want to hear more? Take a look at what those in our community have to say about why our academy is here for everyone.

 Previous “Staff is very communicative, and organized. The gym is very clean and well-organized. It’s a home for those who like the mat. Its my home.”

 VITALIY KHROMETS
 Google

 “Very good team atmosphere. Definitely one of the best gyms around. Very thankful for this BJJ academy!”

 Chris
 Google

 “The coaches are amazing and somehow have incredible patience yet maintain discipline. I could not recommend this place enough!!!”

 Travis West
 Google

 “The owners are the proprietors and instructors. They are very friendly and professional. I have improved a lot in a year. Thanks!”

 Dean Egan
 Google

 Next

 ### Try a Complimentary Class! Experience Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics with a complimentary trial class. It’s a great way to see our training environment and meet our coaches before you decide to join.

 Join Now ##### Start Your Free Trial Today! ×

 ### Contact Us Today! Have questions about joining Jiu-Jitsu Dynamics? Reach out and we’ll be happy to help with anything you need to know. Prefer to talk in person? Stop by, we’re just off Exit 107 near the Olympia Home Depot.

 360-960-0620

 1319 Fones Rd SE Suite 101 Olympia WA 98501
