---
source_url: http://www.idahobjj.com/
final_url: https://www.idahobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:00.461Z
---

ELITE JIU-JITSU ACADEMY

 Welcome to Elite Jiu-Jitsu Academy of Pocatello, ID! Elite Jiu-Jitsu Academy is the premier destination for anyone interested in learning the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our students range from Professionals, Emergency Responders, College Students, Women, Children, and Families...but on the mat everyone quickly becomes part of the same Jiu-Jitsu family. Elite Jiu-Jitsu Academy - Team Rigan Machado offers exemplary training for Fitness, Self-Defense, Competition at the highest level, or those who just want a fun, healthy lifestyle.We are an Official Rigan Machado Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training Center, owned and operated by 3rd Degree Black Belt, Mark Massey. Mr. Massey is the highest ranking Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor in the area with over 25 years experience coaching competitive athletes in BJJ, Judo, and MMA events. Understand that Machado Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just about self-defense, competition or even physical fitness...You’ll quickly learn, in Master Rigan’s words: .."it’s about personal empowerment, discipline, confidence andrespect. Jiu-jitsu has the potential to change a person’s life.Every student is important and we are fully committed to providing extraordinary instruction, with an emphasis on safety, technical proficiency and a focus on developing a constructive and positive attitude".All classes are taught by certified Elite Jiu-Jitsu Instructors with extensive knowledge of the Art. Members receive quality instruction in Machado Jiu-Jitsu and Rank advancement is in accordance to the high standards of Master Rigan Machado, Professor Mark Massey, and the Rigan Machado Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Association. All official Rank Diplomas are endorsed by Rigan Machado. | Please fill out the Contact Form and we'll get right back to you with more information! * Indicates required field Name * First Last Email * Comment * Submit
