---
source_url: https://www.3embersgrapplingacademy.com/programs
final_url: https://www.3embersgrapplingacademy.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:04.167Z
---

# PROGRAMS

 ## 3 Embers Grappling Academy Youth Program

 MONDAY - WEDNESDAY - 5:30PM - 6:30PM Gi, THURSDAY - 5:30PM - 6:30PM - NO GI
 3 Embers Grappling Academy Youth is a program for athletes ages 5-13 that mixes fitness, jiu jitsu (both gi and no gi), and discipline. We help to give your child the tools to cope with stressful situations while maintaining a calm outlook. Combining fitness with martial arts ensures that not only will your child be healthier and happier but they will be more confident as well.
 Jiu Jitsu is unique among todays martial arts in that it is able to teach young athletes a way of defending themselves while allowing them to choose the level of force. This means that even in the event of a conflict, the maximum safety is maintained. This type of training helps to produce a much higher level of confidence than most other systems.

 ## 3 Embers Grappling Academy Adult Classes

 GI: MON 11AM - 12:30PM, TUES 6AM - 7AM, WED 6:45PM - 8:15PM, THURS 6AM - 7AM, FRI 11AM - 12:30PM
 In our Gi program, students will participate in a mixed-level environment. The class focuses on teaching fundamental techniques, such as proper movement, positioning, basic submissions, sweeps, and takedowns tailored to individual skill level. Students can progress at their own pace, and advance to more complex techniques as they become proficient. The class offers a supportive and inclusive atmosphere for all levels of belts, allowing for a comprehensive learning experience in jiu jitsu.

 NO GI: TUES 6:30PM - 8PM, WED 11AM - 12:30PM, THURS 6:45PM - 8:15PM
 This program is focused on Jiu-Jitsu training without the Gi. The same basic structure will be utilized but you will have an opportunity to train without the grips that are present when training with the Gi.

 JUDO: WED 6AM - 7AM
 Our Judo for Jiu Jitsu program is a valuable addition to your membership. In this class, you will learn essential judo techniques that can be seamlessly incorporated into your jiu jitsu practice. Judo focuses on throws, takedowns, and groundwork, which are highly beneficial for self-defense and competition. This class will also help improve your balance, coordination, and overall grappling skills. Whether you're a beginner or advanced practitioner, our judo for jiu jitsu class offers a unique opportunity to expand and enhance your martial arts knowledge.

 COMPETITION: SUN 10AM - 11AM
 Our Sunday Competition Program is designed for experienced athletes who are looking to improve their skills and techniques in a competitive setting. This class is not suitable for beginners or those who are new to grappling or jiu jitsu. Participants should have a good understanding of jiu jitsu fundamentals and be physically prepared for intense training. The class will focus on advanced strategies, sparring, and competition-specific drills to help athletes refine their techniques and prepare for competition. It is important for participants to be committed and dedicated to their jiu jitsu journey in order to fully benefit from this class.

 SELF DEFENSE
 Think you don’t need an effective set of Self-Defense skills? There’s no way to know when you might face real-world danger in your everyday life. At 3 EMBERS, we’re here to make sure you’re prepared.
 Our Self-Defense programs are giving everyday people the chance to develop a core set of skills to protect against any threat. And we have a great time in the process. It’s scary to think about having to use Self-Defense skills in a real-world altercation. What’s even scarier, though, is having to face that same threat without the preparation needed to stay safe.
 At 3 EMBERS, we’re helping you take on: Proven striking skills against any opponent, Tools to separate yourself from a dangerous situation, Incredible awareness and reaction times to a threat, and Conflict resolution strategies that can help you stay safe. PLUS, We’re Putting An End To Your Boring Workout Routine.
 Most fitness programs are all about counting reps and running in circles. Well, that’s not us. We train with a purpose and we do everything we can to challenge your mind and your body at the same time. We meet people of all fitness levels at a point where they feel comfortable and then we help them build their skills one step at a time.
 Our Self-Defense programs are helping all people to stay motivated like never before. Additional benefits may include: Healthy weight loss, Total-body fat burning, Reduced depression, anxiety, and negative thinking, and Incredible self-confidence.
 If you’re ready to take your fitness training to the next level and combine total-body success with real-world Self-Defense skills, you’ve come to the right place.
 Our Self-Defense program is offered on an as-requested basis. Based on size of group, length of program, and in-house vs. off-site locations. Contact us today for more information!
