---
source_url: http://driftlessacademy.com
final_url: https://www.driftlessacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:24.328Z
---

## From Standing to the Ground - For Fun or Competition... ## Become Your Best Self.

 The Driftless Academy is a modern training facility in La Crosse, WI for anyone looking to expand their knowledge of self-defense, fitness, or prepare for competition. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Boxing, and Muay Thai are all in our wheelhouse. We have a wide range of members from professional fighters to newcomers. Our coaches leverage their competition experience, professional teaching background, and passion for Martial Arts to bring out the best in every student.
 Amenities:
 - Varied class times accommodates any schedule - 2 mat areas - Separate locker rooms with showers
 As part of our commitment to the community, we partner with some great organizations to make BJJ accessible to law enforcement, veterans, and all frontline workers.

 ## Free First Class Before jumping into a commitment lets cover a few basics,
 go over some of the weird words we use, cover all the FAQ’s, and welcome you to the gym family.

 Free BJJ Class
 Free BJJ Class

 Free Boxing ▪ Kickboxing ▪ Muay Thai Class
 Free Boxing ▪ Kickboxing ▪ Muay Thai Class

 # Train With Us

 #### BJJ - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - Gi & No-Gi Training - Beginner & Advanced Classes - Competition Prep

 #### Boxing - Learn the Sweet Science - Get Technical w/ Your Defense, Offense, and Footwork - Build Confidence & Cardio

 #### Kickboxing - Build Off Your Current Boxing Skills - Fast Paced, High Volume Hand and Leg Combinations - Enhance Coordination and Agility!

 #### Muay Thai (Thai Boxing) - The Art of Eight Limbs - Learn Elbows, Knees, Traditional Kicks and Clinch Work - Self Defense

 ## Sponsors #### We appreciate the awesome partner businesses that help support our athletes!!

 #### Coulee Junk Removal 608-479-0073
 hello@couleejunkremoval.com

 #### A Breath of Fresh 1011 East Ave S, La Crosse, WI, United States, 54603
 abreathoffreshllc@gmail.com

 #### Flower Cloud LLC +1 608-571-4288
 flowercloudlashes@gmail.com

 # “No need to put in headphones and tune out the world to exercise. Strengthen your mental health, critical thinking skills, and get in shape all while becoming part of a family” - Jake Honaker

 ### La Crosse 125 6th St S
 La Crosse, WI
 54601
