---
source_url: http://www.atjiujitsunyc.com
final_url: https://www.atjiujitsunyc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:05.821Z
---

## @Jiujitsu Martial Arts Training, Jackson Heights Queens, NY Discover the best BJJ and martial arts training with comprehensive programs offering the best in self-defense programs for kids and adults, welcoming everyone from complete beginners to advanced competitors.
 - Prices. No Contracts! - Learn More

 @ Jiu-Jitsu NYC End of Summer Newsletter

 Register For Classes!

 Class Schedule

 Our Prices

 Kickboxing

 Programs

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Kids MMA

 Kids Kickboxing

 Kids Jiujitsu Classes

 Toddler Jiu-Jitsu

 Martial Arts for Kids - Jiujitsu, Kickboxing, MMA

 Media

 FINDING THE MOTIVATION TO TRAIN

 Journey to Glory: At Jiu Jitsu's Competition Team takes on Jiu Jitsu World League Part 2

 Jiu-Jitsu Chronicles: Professor's Questions, Kids' Answers, Pure Wisdom!

 2024 Jiu-Jitsu Summer Camp Kids Activities

 Open Mats @ Jiu Jitsu NYC

 Why should you compete in jiu jitsu?

 ### Our Members: The Heart of @JIUJITSUNYC Discover the best BJJ and martial arts training for everyone from complete beginners to advanced competitors.
 ## Kids Martial Arts Martial arts is a structured system of training designed to improve physical fitness, mental discipline, and self-defense skills.
 Kids Jiu-Jitsu: (5-9) Kids Jiu-Jitsu: (10-15) Kids Kickboxing: (Ages 7-15) Kids MMA: (Ages 8-15) Toddlers Jiujitsu: (Ages 3-5)
 LEARN MORE...
 ## Adults Martial Arts Whether you're looking to improve your mobility, learn self-defense or increase your physical and mental health, we have programs to meet your every need.
 Jiu-Jitsu Muay-Thai MMA Kickboxing Smarter Yoga Kettle Bell
 LEARN MORE...

 ### Our Results Speak for Themselves The world of martial arts is ever-evolving, with new techniques and philosophies emerging regularly. @JIUJITSUNYC stays ahead of the curve. We've distilled decades of martial arts evolution to offer you training that's both traditional and cutting-edge.
 Our commitment to the Jackson Heights community has birthed a new generation of martial artists. These individuals are not just physically adept but also mentally resilient, embodying the harmony of body, mind, and spirit. They stand as a testament to our quality training, community engagement, and the transformative power of martial arts.

 ### FAQs about the @JIUJITSUNYC Martial Arts Academy Which martial arts are taught at the @JIUJITSUNYC academy? The academy provides training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, MMA, and Smarter Yoga. Is the academy suitable for beginners? Yes, individuals of all levels are welcome, from novices to seasoned professionals. What differentiates this academy from other martial arts institutions? The emphasis on community, family-oriented training, and a harmonious blend of traditional and contemporary techniques sets the academy apart. Where is the Martial Arts Academy located? The academy is situated in the lively neighborhood of Jackson Heights, Queens, New York City. Why is community engagement a priority for the academy? Community engagement plays a pivotal role in the holistic development of members. Is Jiu-Jitsu safe for kids? Yes, Jiu-Jitsu is designed to emphasize technique over brute strength, making it safe for kids. Proper instruction and supervision ensure that kids learn in a controlled environment. What are the physical benefits of martial arts for kids? Martial arts offer kids a full-body workout, enhancing cardiovascular health, muscle strength, flexibility, and coordination, making it an all-encompassing fitness regimen. How does martial arts training improve mental well-being in children? Martial arts training sharpens focus, improves concentration, and reduces stress in children. It teaches them to remain calm under pressure, fostering resilience and mental strength. Can martial arts boost confidence and self-esteem in kids? Yes, martial arts can significantly boost confidence in kids. As they master new techniques and progress through ranks, they experience a sense of achievement, enhancing their self-esteem. How do martial arts disciplines like MMA and Jiu-Jitsu teach self-defense to kids? Martial arts disciplines like MMA and Jiu-Jitsu equip kids with practical techniques and strategies, ensuring they can defend themselves effectively in challenging situations. Why is discipline a crucial aspect of martial arts training for children? Discipline in martial arts teaches children punctuality, dedication, and respect. Regular practice and adherence to dojo rules instill a strong sense of commitment and responsibility.
