---
source_url: http://trainatcompound.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://trainatcompound.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:55.881Z
---

# Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Build Confidence #### Bully-Proof Attitude #### Self-Defense Skills

 #### Self-Defense Skills #### Bully-Proof Attitude #### Self-Defense Skills

 #### Bully-Proof Attitude #### Bully-Proof Attitude #### Bully-Proof Attitude

 #### Empower Your Child in Marietta, GA with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Compound Fitness! Looking for a program in Marietta, GA (including Cobb County and East Cobb) that fosters your child's physical and mental well-being while equipping them with valuable life skills? Look no further than Compound Fitness's Juanaconda Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) program!

 ## BJJ: More Than Just Self-Defense #### BJJ is a phenomenal martial art that goes beyond basic self-defense. How it empowers your child: Anti-Bullying Skills: Through BJJ techniques, your child learns to de-escalate situations and confidently navigate challenging interactions. This newfound confidence can deter bullies and empower them to stand up for themselves and others.

 Confidence Boost: Mastering BJJ techniques builds a strong sense of self-belief. Seeing their progress and overcoming challenges instills a "can-do" attitude that spills over into all aspects of their lives.

 Improved Self-Esteem: BJJ fosters a sense of accomplishment as kids develop new skills and achieve their goals. This translates to a positive self-image and a strong sense of self-worth.

 Enhanced Mental & Physical Health: BJJ provides a fantastic workout, promoting physical fitness, coordination, and agility. It also teaches focus, discipline, and perseverance – all valuable life skills.

 #### Juanaconda Kids: A Safe & Supportive Environment At Compound Fitness, our Marietta BJJ program prioritizes fun and safety. Classes are structured for
 different age groups and experience levels, ensuring a comfortable learning environment for your child.

 Give your child the gift of confidence, self-defense skills, and a supportive community. Contact
 Compound Fitness today and enroll them in Juanaconda Kids BJJ!

 A typical class starts with warm-ups followed by drills, techniques and live application with training partners.

 Meet Our Instructor

 ## There is no losing in jiu jitsu. You either win or you learn. Carlos Gracie, Sr.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
