---
source_url: http://trainatcompound.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://trainatcompound.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:56.002Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) Classes in Marietta Self-Defense Training in Cobb County

 ### Master Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Self-Defense in Marietta, GA ### Master Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Self-Defense in Marietta, GA ### Master Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Self-Defense in Marietta, GA
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a world-renowned martial art and self-defense system perfect for people of all ages and fitness levels in Marietta, GA. Learn practical techniques to defend yourself while getting in phenomenal shape. BJJ empowers you with effective takedowns, submissions, and escapes, allowing even a smaller person to neutralize a larger attacker.

 ### Dominate Through Body Mechanics ### Master Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Self-Defense in Marietta, GA ### Master Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Self-Defense in Marietta, GA
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu focuses on using leverage, angles, and superior body mechanics to control your opponent's movement. By gaining a dominant position, you can control the fight, apply submissions, or escape holds. This unique approach allows smaller individuals to overcome larger opponents.

 ### Technique for Every Situation ### Technique for Every Situation ### Technique for Every Situation
 BJJ training equips you with a diverse skillset applicable in both sport grappling tournaments and real-world self-defense scenarios. Whether you're looking for competition success, self-defense strategies, or a path to improved fitness and character development, BJJ offers something for everyone.

 ### Join a Supportive Community ### Technique for Every Situation ### Technique for Every Situation
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art; it's a welcoming community that fosters growth and camaraderie. Our Marietta BJJ classes cater to all levels, from complete beginners to seasoned competitors. Train alongside a supportive group and experience the countless benefits of BJJ, regardless of age, gender, or background.

 #### Start Your BJJ Journey Today! Ready to embark on your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey in Marietta, GA? Contact us today and experience the empowering world of BJJ!

 Meet Our Instructor

 ## Juanaconda BJJ: A Visual Journey
 - - - - - - - - - -

 ## If you want to be a lion, you must train with lions. Carlson Gracie, Sr.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
