---
source_url: https://www.beltquestjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.beltquestjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:50.648Z
---

# BELTQUEST
 ## JIU JITSU
 ### Premier Grappling Academy in West Orange, New Jersey
 #### Text us! (862) 283-0377
 395 Pleasant Valley Way West Orange, NJ 07052 | Phone: (862) 283-0377 | Email: beltquestjiujitsu@gmail.com

 ## Claim your free class!
 Get started today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Leave us a message...
 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for BeltQuest Jiu Jitsu to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
 Get Started!
 Thanks for submitting!

 ## Google Reviews

 ### OUR VISION
 Welcome to BeltQuest Jiu Jitsu, your premier destination for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in West Orange and Verona, New Jersey, proudly serving nearby communities including Montclair, Livingston, and Bloomfield. We offer high-quality BJJ classes for kids and adults, focused on real-world self-defense, fitness, and personal growth. At BeltQuest, we believe Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art—it’s a path to building confidence, discipline, mental toughness, and character. Whether you're looking for kids grappling classes, beginner-friendly BJJ training, or advanced grappling instruction, our experienced instructors and structured curriculum are designed to help every student succeed. Join our supportive community and discover how training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can transform your body, mind, and everyday life.

 ## OUR PROGRAMS
 KIDS BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 ​

 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes are designed to help kids develop focus, discipline, and confidence, all through structure and real-world techniques. Every class supports their growth in a safe, fun, and competitive atmosphere.
 ​
 - Learn from certified black-belt instructors - Gain proven bully-prevention and self-defense skills - Fun, active, and empowering for boys and girls
 By appointment only.

 KIDS BJJ

 ADULT BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 ​

 Train hard. Forge bonds. Go beyond the bench press and build real strength, focus, and resilience through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Whether you're rolling for fun or training to compete, our mats welcome every type of athlete. ​
 ​
 - Burn calories. Build muscle. Learn real-world skills - Enjoy a ego-free culture: from first-timers to pros - Form camaraderie built on respect, support, and shared grit
 ​
 By appointment only.

 ADULT BJJ

 Schedule
 ## SCHEDULE
 ## Kids BJJ -
 - Tuesday 5pm - 6pm - Wednesday 5pm - 6pm - Thursday 5pm - 6pm - Friday 5pm - 6pm

 ## Adult BJJ -
 - Monday 12p - 1:30p - Tuesday 6p - 7:30p - Wednesday 6p - 7:30p - Thursday 6p - 7:30p - Friday 6p - 7:30p - Saturday 11a - 12:30p

 ## ABOUT ME
 Bo Walaszek, Head Instructor

 Bo is a highly experienced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner with 16 years of experience. He is a 2nd degree Black Belt in BJJ and has trained under the guidance of renowned instructors such as Renzo Gracie and Jamie Cruz. Bo is also the proud owner of Beltquest Jiu Jitsu.

 ## MEET YOUR INSTRUCTORS

 Instructors
 ## Shannon Sommerville
 ## INSTRUCTOR
 Shannon Sommerville embraced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu while training in Sambo, later earning his black belt at BeltQuest Jiu Jitsu. As a police chief, he advocates BJJ for law enforcement, emphasizing safety, confidence, and professionalism.

 ## Andres Florez
 ## INSTRUCTOR
 Andres Florez began Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 2009, training under Master Marcio Simas. Through dedication and perseverance, he earned his Black Belt at BeltQuest Jiu Jitsu, embodying excellence and continuous self-improvement in BJJ.

 ## Bryan Autore
 ## INSTRUCTOR
 Bryan is a highly experienced educator with over 10 years of experience in teaching and building children's programs. He is also a Brown Belt in BJJ, which demonstrates his dedication and discipline. With his unique skill set, Bryan is able to provide a safe and engaging learning environment for children of all ages.

 ## HEAR FROM ROSS
 Student, Adult Class

 "I actually took my first Jiu Jitsu class when I was 40. I started doing a couple private sessions with Bo, because I didn't know what I was getting into... he was so attentive, showed me the correct way to do things. It's never too late to start."

 ## SCHOOL PHOTOS
 ## ​
 ​

 Load More

 School Photos

 Location
 ## LOCATION

 ## CLAIM YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS & GET
 $99 For The First Month

 LET'S ROLL
