---
source_url: http://www.southsidebrazilianjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.southsidebrazilianjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:28.941Z
---

# Southside BJJ
 Welcome to Southside BJJ.
 We're more than a gym, Southside is where everyday people build confidence through Jiu-Jitsu.

 Free Class Sign Up

 ## Southside Jiu-Jitsu Programs
 Kids Classes

 Our kids' program builds confidence, discipline, and coordination through fun, structured Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training.

 Read More

 Adult Classes

 Beginner to competitive, our adult classes focus on self-defense, fitness, and skill-building in a supportive setting.

 Read More

 MATT AYERS
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

 "I’ve been training here for about a year and a half. The coaches are all knowledgeable and genuinely care about your progress.

 I love that there are multiple class options throughout the week which works great for my constantly changing schedule.

 Can’t say enough good things about Southside!"

 SOFIA REED
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

 "10/10 Recommend! I've been training here for about 2 years and I love it. You couldn't ask for a better community with a high level of training and coaches that are genuinely invested in your progress. There's nothing better than training on a Friday night after a busy week. I can't stress enough how great the culture is at this gym, especially for women."

 MEGAN FINN
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

 "All 3 of my boys attend jiu jitsu at Southside and we absolutely love it. The community is so welcoming, and the coaching is a perfect balance of technique and fun to keep the kids engaged. I can’t imagine a better place for my kids to learn Jiu Jitsu. Highly recommend!"

 ## Contact Us - Free Trial Class
 2303 Kennedy St NE
 Minneapolis, MN 55413

 (612) 804-6456

 info@southsidebrazilianjiujitsu.com

 - -

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Message
 Thanks for submitting!

 Send
