---
source_url: http://www.leonjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://leonjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:15.129Z
---

Skip to main content Close Search

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 # Schedule
 Learn More

 # Our Academy
 Learn More

 # IT’S NOT THE LION IN THE FIGHT. IT’S THE FIGHT IN THE LION.

 # Waiver

 # Reviews

 # GET STARTED

 “
 Elizabeth, K. Hawaiian Gardens, CA “ This place is great , coach bill and chad are great with the kids , the pee see class is good as well my 5 year old loves it , place teaches discipline and at the same
 Time they have fun ! ”

 “
 Oscar O. Portland, OR “ I love this school. I've been training here for a number of years and only have great things to say. Bill Testch is the black belt instructor and is a proven black belt with a vast knowledge off bjj. This school is great if you want to learn self defense and get in great shape while doing it. If you are thinking of joining a gym this is the one for you! ”

 “
 Jeremy Z. San Pedro, CA “ Best in class. Leon Jiu Jitsu is second to none. A family environment safe for all ages. I would highly suggest you give it a try. Great for many reasons , self defense, exercise , personally it's therapeutic for me. ”

 “
 Jim C. Long Beach, CA “ We have been other places, this place is the real deal embodying the "Gentle Art". Coach Bill is amazing! He truly cares about his students and is awesome with the kids. The technique is outstanding and the teamwork is priceless. ”

 “
 Zenaida A. Seal Beach, CA “ Leon Jiu Jitzu tops the other martial arts studios I've contemplating registering my son in. They are respectful, disciplined, and what I liked the most is that they are family orientated. My son is kinda shy, but he felt right in, initially he was paired up with another child with higher rank to show him the ropes. ”

 # LEON JIU-JITSU # LEON JIU-JITSU # LEON JIU-JITSU # LEON JIU-JITSU # LEON JIU-JITSU

 JOIN OUR ACADEMY

 © 2026 Leon Jiu-Jitsu. Site by IDENTITY

 - twitter - facebook

 Close Menu
 - facebook - instagram - yelp
