---
source_url: http://www.apexjiujitsu.net
final_url: http://www.apexjiujitsu.net/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:57.104Z
---

Menu - Home - Testimonials - Schedule - Instructors - Multmedia - Contact - Location

 Apex Jiu-Jitsu

 228 1/2 N. Central Ave
 Duluth, MN. 55807

 218-269-2588

 Welcome to the home of the most technical Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction in the Twin Ports!

 Testimonials

 “Cris is not only a dedicated practitioner of the art of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu but also a dedicated instructor to his students. He has grown to be very proficient and has a high technical understanding of Jiu-Jitsu. Cris also is very open minded and continues to add to his skill set. This is not only a benefit to him but will contribute to the development of his students as well. Duluth is fortunate to have someone of his skill and an opportunity to train with him should not be missed.”

 -Ishmael Bentley, 2nd degree Gracie Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Master Pedro Sauer

 “It is tough to say in a few words what the past year at Apex has meant to me. I started at Apex at the recommendation of a friend. I was looking for a place where I could learn an art in an understanding environment. I found this, and so very much more. The transformation in the past year has been incredible. I am in the best shape of my life, more relaxed during the day, I sleep better, I am more confident, my brain feels more capable and active, and I have met a whole new Jiu Jitsu family.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is commonly referred to as “live action chess”, and for good reason! Apex is a place where both mind and body can get challenged in a fun, understanding, and safe environment. Being connected to Pedro Sauer, one of the greatest Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instructors in the world, is pretty exciting as well.”
 -Megan Bugge

 “In the Duluth-Superior area, there is only one choice for high-level Jiu Jitsu training: Apex Jiu Jitsu. Cris Johnson will help you take your ground game to the next level. Class sizes at Apex Jiu Jitsu are large enough to offer a variety of skill levels and sparring partners, but small enough to make it feel like private lessons. Beginner, intermediate, or advanced, Cris will help you improve your skills!
 Apex Jiu Jitsu students are respectful, hard-working, and dedicated to learning. We leave the “ego” at the door. Come join us!”
 -Matt Johnson

 “I trained in the martial arts for several years before I took in interest in jiu-jitsu. Even though I had a background in Karate and Muay Thai, I realized that the ground fighting game was a completely different world. The truth of this became fully realized the first time I hit the mats. With every submission I found myself caught in, I found myself becoming more and more amazed at the power of jiu-jitsu. Every time I tapped out it became clearer to me that I had to learn this art. I started attending classes regularly and never stopped. I am now a BJJ blue belt, and a full blown jiu-jitsu addict. I love training, and will continue to train this art for the rest of my life. I have been to other gyms in the area as well as around the country and I am very impressed with the level of professionalism that I find at Apex. The gym is clean, the people have great attitudes and are great to work with, and the training is good technical jiu-jitsu training. I am proud to be a member of team Apex. I could say more but it’s almost time for class. See you on the mats!”
 -Lucas Lundgren

 “I had the privilege to have Cris begin coaching me six years ago. The technicality of his coaching style and attention to detail is on another level. He definitely has the tools to help anyone expand on their Jiu Jitsu.”
 –Kai Mitchell

 Schedule - Adult Gracie Jiu Jitsu

 Monday
 6:30 pm – 7:20 pm: Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals
 7:30 pm – 8:30 pm: Class Time
 8:30 pm – 9:30 pm: Open Mat

 Tuesday
 5:00 pm - 5:45 pm: Kids Class

 Wednesday
 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm: No Gi
 9:00 pm – 9:30 pm: Open Mat

 Thursday
 6:30 pm – 7:20 pm: Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals
 7:30 pm – 8:30 pm: Class time
 8:30 pm – 9:30 pm: Open Mat

 Saturday
 10:00 am – 11:00 am: Class time
 11:00 am – Noon: Open Mat
 Noon - 1:00pm: Kids Class

 # Instructors

 Cris Johnson
 The owner and head instructor at Apex, was born and raised in Superior, WI. He began his martial arts training in 1998 under Master Gary Mattevi, owner and head instructor of Mattevi Martial Arts Academy, earning his black belt in Song Moo Kwan karate in Aug. of 2002.

 Having developed an interest in the principles of joint locking and using leverage and technique rather than power to overcome an opponent, a serious interest in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was a natural next step. He began formal training in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu as part of the Pedro Sauer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Association in March of 2005 under fourth degree black belt instructor Greg Nelson, moving on to earn his blue belt in June 2007, his purple belt in September 2011, his brown belt in May 2015 and his black belt in July of 2018.

 Cris has had the opportunity to train with legendary instructors Alvaro Barreto, Royler Gracie, and Luis Heredia as well as frequent seminars with Professor Pedro Sauer, Greg Nelson, and third degree black belt Ishmael Bentley.

 Shawn Woodhull
 Began training Gracie Jiu Jitsu with Cris Johnson in 2006. He tested and was promoted to blue belt in November 2008, purple belt in March 2013 and brown belt in July 2018. Shawn also teaches the no gi classes at Apex.

 Multimedia

 A nice relaxed roll with Cris Johnson and Dan Szymczak in 2014

 Contact

 For pricing inquireis or details on the 30 day free trial call

 218 269 2588

 or Email: cris@apexjiujitsu.net

 Location

 Apex Jiu-Jitsu
 228 1/2 N. Central AVe.
 Duluth, MN 55807

 *Entrance on alley side facing SuperOne Foods

 © 2024 Copyright: https://steadfastbusinesssolutions.com
