---
source_url: http://rvama.com/schedule/
final_url: https://rvama.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:18.928Z
---

Schedule Bryan Cochran 2026-03-29T15:24:16-04:00 Shown below is our weekly schedule of classes.
 There are no specific membership sessions – you can start any time!

 ## Visit our Facebook page for the latest updates and class announcements.

 # Weekly Class Schedule
 Sign Up Now

 (click a specific date to see the classes that day)

 GET STARTED NOW

 ## FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

 Contact Us

 How is Krav Maga training different from other martial arts? Chris Lee 2019-11-24T10:19:45-05:00 #### How is Krav Maga training different from other martial arts?
 Krav Maga training focuses on realistic scenarios and attacks, developing the self-defense mindset, and developing the skills you need to survive an attack.

 How will Krav Maga Training benefit me? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:57:47-05:00 #### How will Krav Maga Training benefit me?
 Our classes have numerous benefits. You will learn important self-defense skills, improved physical fitness and confidence to name a few.

 Do I have to sign a contract? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:57:17-05:00 #### Do I have to sign a contract?
 No, unlike our competitors, we do not do any long-term contracts.

 Do you have limits on how many times per week I can train? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:57:08-05:00 #### Do you have limits on how many times per week I can train?
 No, all our memberships, adults and children, allow our students unlimited access to our schedule. You can train as many times per week as you wish.

 How many times per week SHOULD I train? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:56:58-05:00 #### How many times per week SHOULD I train?
 We recommend that you train at least two times per week. Successful self-defense training is largely dependent on developing muscle memory. Being able to retain the information and recall it quickly takes practice, repetition, and drilling. But the right amount of training is really a personal decision based on age, body type, work and family schedule, etc. We recommend that you start with a moderate schedule and work your way up to more frequent training as you go.

 What should I bring/wear to class? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:56:47-05:00 #### What should I bring/wear to class?
 Wear comfortable, clean, tasteful clothes that you can work out in and whatever shoes (optional) you would normally wear day to day. Students are free to use MMA style gloves for striking. For beginners and guests, we have loaner gloves at the center that you are welcomed to use. A mouthpiece and groin protection (for males) is not required but highly recommended. We recommend students bring a water bottle as well.

 Does KMR have changing rooms? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:56:36-05:00 #### Does KMR have changing rooms?
 Yes, we offer private changing rooms.

 How do I choose which classes to attend or which classes for my child to attend? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:56:26-05:00 #### How do I choose which classes to attend or which classes for my child to attend?
 Adult beginner students may attend all Level 1 classes and our Saturday morning Mixed Level class. For first time adults, we recommend attending one of our Level 1 classes. For our children’s program, White, Purple and Blue belts can only attend the beginner Young Warriors classes and the Mixed Warrior classes. Young Warriors that are Green, Brown and Black belts, can attend any Young Warriors classes.

 Do I have to be in good shape to join or try a class? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:56:13-05:00 #### Do I have to be in good shape to join or try a class?
 Absolutely not! We have men and women start at all fitness levels. You do not have to be in shape to get in shape. Krav Maga training will improve your strength, endurance and overall fitness level.

 What age ranges are in your adult classes? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:56:00-05:00 #### What age ranges are in your adult classes?
 We have a wide range of ages in our adult program. We have teens, young adults and middle age students from all walks of life. We currently have a student who is 81 years young!

 What is the structure of a KMR class? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:55:38-05:00 #### What is the structure of a KMR class?
 A typical class will start with a dynamic warm-up which could include functional training drills, functional fitness drills, partner drills, calisthenics and body weight exercises. This will be followed by some sort of striking techniques/combinations and self-defense principles. Class will end with a final drill. Our classes are a mixture of supportive, fun, serious, focused and goofy. There are moments of intense concentration… moments of fun & games… moments of encouraging one another to keep going and do your best… and so much more. It’s a vibrant blend of fun, focus and passion.

 Do you have a referral program? Chris Lee 2019-11-15T13:55:17-05:00 #### Do you have a referral program?
 Of course! If you refer someone to our academy and they sign up with a membership you will receive a t-shirt of your choice free!
