---
source_url: http://www.greshamjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://manosjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:56.454Z
---

# Manos Jiu Jitsu
 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training in Gresham—Building Strong Minds & Strong Grapplers
 Get Started Today ##### Sign up for our one-week trial! ×

 #### Welcome To Our ### BJJ Academy
 Welcome to Manos Jiu Jitsu, a family-owned Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Gresham led by brothers and built for the community! Whether you’re stepping on the mats for the first time or you’re an experienced martial artist, our programs are designed to cultivate your growth at every level. We offer a welcoming, family-friendly environment where students strengthen both mind and body. Our kids classes focus on confidence, self-control, and emotional development, while our adult classes emphasize technical growth, discipline, and longevity in the art. At Manos Jiu Jitsu, we’re committed to a healthy, respectful culture that supports students every step of the way.

 ### Try a full week of Jiu Jitsu for free! Train with us for a week, meet our coaches, and experience the academy before committing.

 Get Started ##### Sign up for our one-week trial! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 ### Who We Are at Manos Jiu Jitsu

 ##### Our School Manos Jiu Jitsu is led by brothers Giancarlo and Jonathan. The two of them have built a culture where positivity, inclusivity, and hard work come together as one. Students are supported as they work to become better martial artists and people. We encourage everyone to push through challenges, even when they are hard and come out the other side more experienced and knowledgeable. You can get started knowing that the path won’t always be easy, but that Manos Jiu Jitsu will have your back. Whether you want to join yourself for fitness or sign up your children for personal development, you can expect an upbeat attitude and a commitment to greatness in our academy!
 ##### Our History The journey of Manos Jiu Jitsu began in 2025. Brothers – Giancarlo and Jonathan – were training at their academy when they learned the owner wanted to pass it down to someone passionate about Jiu Jitsu – and the rest is history.
 The brothers have brought a new style to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Gresham. Manos Jiu Jitsu is a home for all types of rollers, with zero favoritism or drama. With their different journeys in Jiu Jitsu themselves, they know everyone starts somewhere. The family-friendly environment is perfect for anyone to train and become the best version of themselves!

 ### What Sets Us Apart
 We work tirelessly to make our academy the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Gresham. Everything we do is about optimizing training for all types of students. The combination of high-end training and tight-knit culture makes us a place for all. Take a look at everything we pride ourselves on.

 ##### Family Owned This is a family-owned Gresham Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy for everybody. Led by the brothers Giancarlo and Jonathan, we make sure to be a place for families to come in and train knowing they’ll be supported.

 ##### Different Styles Our Jiu Jitsu training is for everyone. We have designed our curriculum to support different styles, body types, and experience levels. No matter where you are in your BJJ journey, there is a spot for you at Manos Jiu Jitsu.

 ##### Supportive Community Everyone here is ready to help. It doesn’t matter if you’re a champion or a beginner – you’ll be helped each step along the way.

 ##### Mind and Body Our training goes beyond landing on podiums. At Manos Jiu Jitsu, we focus on providing an all-around experience that will help the athlete and the person. Your mind and body will see the results of the work you put in.

 ##### Belt-Level Equality We pride ourselves on not bringing favoritism to BJJ classes. Every person in our gym is treated with the utmost respect and attention. This isn’t a drama gym where students are vying to be at the top for pride or attention. We’re all in this together.

 ##### Strong Values Brazilian Jiu Jitsu does more than let you win competitions or defend yourself. While both of those are great and things we work on, the art teaches practitioners strong values that carry to real life. The resilience, patience, and respect you gain can change your life.

 ### Stop by our academy schedule! Train with us for a week, meet our coaches, and experience the academy before committing.

 View Schedule

 ### Take a look at the fun in our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes!

 ### Words from Our Community Our Gresham Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy is a home for all types of martial artists and learners. Every day students walk into a happy, inviting atmosphere where they can learn and grow among a supportive community. This is an academy for anyone! And don’t just listen to us. You can read what some of our students have said about their time at Manos Jiu Jitsu!

 Previous “All the instructors and staff have been more than helpful with any questions or concerns I’ve had and show genuine love of the sport and helping the students grow.”

 Rianna Yang
 Google

 “I’ve been developing my skills here and look forward to potentially competing. I’d definitely recommend this place to anyone interested in the sport.”

 vernon randall
 Google

 “Super awesome coach and professor. They take the time to teach the kids the techniques. Love bringing my child here.”

 RamboAmbo
 Google

 “It’s a great gym! All the coaches are fantastic. Professor Kevin brings an elite level of Jiu-Jitsu teachings to the adult and kids classes.”

 Michael Ikata
 Google

 Next

 ### Try a full week of Jiu Jitsu for free! Train with us for a week, meet our coaches, and experience the academy before committing.

 Get Started ##### Sign up for our one-week trial! ×

 ### Contact Us! It is our mission to provide the best Jiu Jitsu in Gresham and for everyone nearby, including Troutdale, Portland, Fairview, Rockwood, and Hillsview. You can find us on the corner of Powell Blvd and Hogan Dr!

 503-716-6583

 1740 E Powell Blvd Gresham, OR 97030
