---
source_url: http://www.bjjsanjose.com
final_url: https://bjjsanjose.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:41.878Z
---

# CAIO TERRA ACADEMY ### HOME OF 12 TIME WORLD CHAMPION CAIO TERRA

 # Technique conquers all ### HOME OF 12 TIME WORLD CHAMPION CAIO TERRA

 #### THE BAY AREA'S PREMIER MARTIAL ARTS ACADEMY

 ###### At the Caio Terra Academy we have a program for everyone!

 2-day Free Trial

 ### Adults Jiu-jitsu

 See details

 ### kids & Teens programs

 See details

 ## CAIO TERRA ACADEMY

 ###### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU | SELF DEFENSE | FITNESS

 ##### 855 Park aveSAN JOSE CALIFORNIA

 The Caio Terra Academy, located in San Jose, California, is the headquarters of the Caio Terra Association and home to 12-time world champion Caio Terra. At CTA we believe in the one-team philosophy! Although we love to train hard and compete, martial art values and respect for each other always come first. Our goal at CTA is simple, to help you achieve the goals you set for yourself. We invite you to stop by for a free trial and see all we have to offer.

 FREE TRIAL!

 ## CAIO TERRA ACADEMY FITNESS | CT FIT

 ###### IN ADDITION TO AN AWARD WINNING BJJ PROGRAM WE ALSO OFFER FITNESS AND STRIKING CLASSES. START LIVING YOUR BEST LIFE TODAY!

 At CTA Fitness (CT Fit), all of our programs are designed by top industry leaders, like cross-fit games world champion Jason Khalipa. At CT Fit you can rest assured no matter what your fitness goals, we have a program for you!
 The moment you step into the CT Fit environment you will be inspired to push a little harder, sweat a little longer and believe in yourself a little more. With each class, you will lift with confidence and sweat with purpose alongside a community that’s here to support you – no matter what.

 CT FIT

 ## STUDENT TESTIMONIALS

 ###### ONE TEAM | CAIO TERRA JIU JITSU

 ## Ninh Nguyen, Parent and Member
 Cannot fathom the amount of progress in such a short period of time. The instructional format and amount of class times fits what my kids wanted. I also appreciate the attention the competitors/coaches give to my kids. Happy to be a member of the Caio Terra Academy.

 ## Greg Yatman, Member and Parent
 Caio Terra Academy is where myself and my two children regularly train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. The incredible skill & detail of instruction in both the adults and kids classes, the cleanliness of the facility, the inclusive “One Team” environment and the commitment to working through the pandemic with members to ensure they had the support, training and open door to come back when they were ready was all we needed to know that we’d found our BJJ home.

 ## Vivek Kumar, Member
 One of the top jiu-jitsu academies in the world!! Absolutely amazing and friendly atmosphere, the best instructors and coaches – absolutely top-notch! From day 1 till now (6 years later) they have always treated me well!

 ## Babylynne Drexler, Parent
 CTA has changed our lives; and has been such a positive and motivating force for us both. They are dedicated instructors who respect bjj and it shows through their passion and dedication that they demonstrate everyday in class.

 ## ONE TEAM | ONE FAMILY

 ###### At the caio terra academy we believe that Jiu jitsu is truly for everyone ! Whether you are taking your first class or have been training for 10 years we have a program for you.

 For newer students looking to start an exciting martial art, while getting an amazing work out we strongly suggest our Fundamental I program. As you progress we offer Intermediate and Advanced classes for those looking to take their training to the next level!

 LEARN MORE

 ## THE CAIO TERRA ADVANTAGE

 ###### 855 Park ave | HOME OF CHAMPIONS

 Collapse I HAVE NO EXPERIENCE WILL I BE OK?
 Absolutely! Many of the students are newer to the sport as well and everyone is always willing to lend a helping hand. The first class can feel intimidating but remember everyone started right where you are! Call (408) 396-3223 or email Caio Terra at info@bjjsanjose.com and start your free trial today!

 Expand WHAT IS THE YOUNGEST AGE WE TEACH?
 We recommend age 4 and over but really it all depends on the child. We have had some start as young as 3 years old but we would rather a parent wait until their child seems ready (and is potty trained). We want to make sure that this is a positive and fun experience for each child and therefore we would like them to be able to follow direction, focus and feel confident enough to get on the mat.

 Expand DO YOU OFFER ANY DISCOUNTS
 The only discount we offer is family rates. We do not offer LEO or student discounts at this time.

 Expand DO YOU HAVE TO SIGN A CONTRACT?
 At CTA we offer contracts, pre pay as well as month to month! For those who commit to a one year contract, they must fulfill their contractual obligations. To exit a contract early there is a one time $300 fee.
 For those who sign up month to month, cancel any time!

 Expand DO I NEED A GI?
 When you first try a class out we provide loaner gis! We strongly suggest you DO NOT buy a gi before signing up.

 Expand Do you have Uniform Requirements?
 For our gi classes you are allowed to wear any clean you gi you'd like.
 For no gi we require a CTA rash guard and any black shorts (with no pockets)

 ### JIU JITSUFUNDAMENTALS

 See details

 ### JIU JITSUadvanced

 See details

 ### JIU JITSUno gi

 See details

 ##### Call us: +1 408 396 3223

 ##### email: nick@bjjsanjose.com

 ##### address: 855 Park Ave, San Jose, CA 95126
