---
source_url: http://www.groundcontrolom.com/kids-martial-arts-classes
final_url: https://www.groundcontrolom.com/kids-martial-arts-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:56:57.526Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts Classes

 # Kids Classes Enrolling Now! Kids Classes For Ages 4-12 years old
 We offer a fun, safe and clean atmosphere
 where you will always be greeted with a smile.
 ## Call Us (443) 273-3719

 ## Schedule Your Child’s Free Trial

 # Kids Jiu-Jitsu & Kickboxing

 ### If your Child is a Victim of Bullying Call us at (443) 273-3719 ### Training Martial Arts helps kids build self-confidence, improve physical fitness, and develop self-awareness. Help us stop bullying in schools. Call us to schedule your child’s FREE Trial.

 # Benefits of Training at Ground Control

 ### Promote a Healthy Lifestyle

 Martial arts training has numerous benefits for children. Training gives kids a sense of community and builds teamwork and socialization skills. More and more children these days are glued to their phones or computers. Training in martial arts provides kids with a chance play with other children their age and helps promote a healthy lifestyle from an early age.

 ### Develop Awareness & Coordination

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches individual movements which are tied together through multiple series or sequences. Children will learn the fundamentals of movement. These skills can also translate into success in other sports and activities.

 ### Build Confidence

 Building confidence in children at an early age is instrumental to their growth and development. Our kids martial arts classes are designed to help children meet goals, learn discipline, build confidence and increase self esteem.

 ## 5 Reasons Your Kids Should Train Martial Arts - Build Self Confidence. - Learn Discipline. - Make Friends and Improve Social Skills. - Embrace an Active Life Style. - Stop and Prevent Bullying.
 ## Call Us (443) 273-3719

 ## Schedule Your Child’s Free Trial

 # Kids Martial Arts Program

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our kids classes are for age ranges between 4 - 12 years old. Our program provides a fun, clean and safe environment for children to develop discipline and embrace a physical lifestyle.

 ## Kids Kickboxing Our Kids Kickboxing program helps build confidence, coordination, and teamwork skills for kids ages 4-12. There is no sparring in this class so it is safe and fun for everyone.

 # Kids Class Schedule Kids classes are divided into two groups. New students begin their journey with Level 1 classes and work their way up to the more experienced Level 2 classes.

 ### Level 1 Classes (FUNdamentals) Classes are open to everyone but are geared towards beginner students and kids between the ages of 4-7 years old . Beginner students start their journey here before reaching Level 2.

 ### Level 2 Classes(Little Champions) Great for kids ages 8 & up who had some exposure to our program and Jiu-Jitsu classes. This class is geared towards more experienced students and involves more complex body movements.

 ## Monday 5:00PM - 5:45PM | Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Level 2 / Ages 8 & up)
 6:00 PM - 6:45 PM | Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Level 1 / Ages 4-7)
 ## Tuesday 5:00PM - 5:45PM | Kids BJJ Novice (White and Gray/White belts)
 6:00PM - 6:45PM | Kids BJJ Advanced (Gray belts and higher)
 ## Wednesday 5:00PM - 5:45PM | Kids Muay Thai (Ages 4-7)
 6:00PM - 6:45PM | Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (All Ages)
 ## Thursday 5:00PM - 5:45PM | Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (All Ages)
 ## Friday 5:00PM - 5:45PM | Muay Thai Advanced
 (Completed level 1 MT test)
 ## Saturday No Kids Classes Scheduled
 ## Sunday No Kids Classes Scheduled

 Schedule Your Child's Free Class
 Schedule Your Child's Free Class
