---
source_url: https://compoundmartialarts.com
final_url: https://compoundmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:46.808Z
---

##### Martial Arts in Dublin 5

 # Compoundmartial arts

 Book your first class today

 ## ABOUT US Compound Martial Arts (CMA) was founded in 2016 in North Dublin and has continued to grow into a thriving, inclusive & competitive team that is now one of Irelands premier martial arts academies.
 We provide high level martial arts training to Kids, Teens, Men and Women , as well as having a lot of fun as we strive to master the martial arts.
 Our many competitive accolades are only a part of our identity, with the majority of our members training purely for fun, fitness and self defence.
 Our coaches are full time, passionate martial artists, that appreciate the competitive aspects of the martial arts as sport, as well as the huge personal development benefits in confidence, fitness, happiness and having a tribe of like minded people supporting your journey.
 Head Coach : Oisin McCabe
 Rank : BJJ Black Belt, Judo Black Belt & Karate Black Belt

 ### New to Martial Arts?Subscribe to our YouTube Channel Introductory videos, technique tutorials, home workouts, match breakdowns and a look into the great training we enjoy in are Artane academy!

 5 Star Ratings on Google
      Rated 5 out of 5

      Rated 5 out of 5

 ## MEMBERS REVIEWS

 I have trained with the team for 7 years now & it has been life changing. I have earned my purple belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu & I love how both beginners and competitors are embraced with the same enthusiasm.
 Aleksandar Yankov
 Irish Kickboxing Champion, Professional MMA Fighter, BJJ Purple Belt

 Fantastic gym with a brilliant head coach and friendly atmosphere. Great environment for beginners and experienced members.

 Malachy Keaveny
 BJJ Blue Belt

 Oisín is an incredibly knowledgeable coach and makes it a fun learning environment. Cannot recommend CMA highly enough.

 Andrew McEvoy
 BJJ White Belt

 Unbelievable group of guys and girls to train with. A very strong team who are committed to helping each person grow as a martial artist or just as a new way to get fit.
 Jordan Forde
 1-0 Kickboxer & BJJ White belt

 Great welcoming atmosphere and fantastic instruction from BJJ black belt Oisin McCabe. For so many reasons, I would not want to train anywhere else.
 Eoghan McDonald
 BJJ Blue Belt & Tae Kwon Do Black Belt

 Great quality coaching from both Alex and Oisín, very down to earth and passionate about what they do. Great for Kids and adults alike.

 Cormac O'Broin
 BJJ Whitebelt

 ### Ready to try your first class with us as CMA?

 Join the team
