---
source_url: http://ravensguardbjj.com
final_url: https://www.ravensguardbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:16.690Z
---

# Beginner-Friendly Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Adults & Kids

 Build confidence, get in shape, and join a supportive community - no experience needed.

 Start Your Free Trial
 Start Your Free Trial

 ## Not sure if BJJ is for you? You’re in the right place.

 Most of our members started exactly where you are - unsure, looking to get in shape, or just seeking something more meaningful than a typical gym.
 At Ravensguard BJJ, you won’t find egos or intimidation. You’ll find structured classes, supportive coaches, and a community that helps you grow - on and off the mat.

 Get Started
 Get Started

 ## Why Ravensguard BJJ

 - A Better Way to Start Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Beginning-first approach (no experience needed)Safe, structured classesEgo-free, welcoming environmentA strong, supportive community (that we like the call “the Unkindness”) - Where Families Grow Stronger Together From kids building confidence and discipline to parents finding a challenging meaningful outlet - Ravensguard BJJ in build for families who want more than just an activity. - For Adults Who Want More Than a Workout Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu challenges your mind and body. It’s problem-solving, stress relief, and fitness - without the boredom of traditional gyms.

 Start Your Free Trial
 Start Your Free Trial

 # Start here. Grow here. Programs for all levels.

 #### Youth Program

 Evenings: Monday - Thursday
 5-6 p.m.
 Our engaging youth program equips students with practical self-defense skills while fostering confidence. They'll build strength, coordination, and resilience on the mat, all while having a blast!

 #### Adult Program

 Mornings : Mon, Tues, Fri
 6:30-7:30 a.m.
 Evenings: Monday - Thursday
 6-7:30 p.m.
 No matter your fitness level or goals, our adult program provides a supportive and challenging environment focused on the physical and mental benefits of jiu-jitsu.

 #### Private Lessons

 By Appointment

 #### Home School Class

 Upon Request | Ages 7-12
