---
source_url: https://dreamartlasvegas.com
final_url: https://www.nealehoerle.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:31.633Z
---

### #### IBJJF CERTIFIED BLACK BELT √ #### NCSI BACKGROUND √ #### U.S. CENTER for SAFESPORT √ #### NASM CPT √ #### FUJI SPORTS AMBASSADOR

 ### ### IBJJF REGISTERED ACADEMY

 #### REG# 9953

 # FAMILY ENVIRONMENT # ✦ # YOUTH AND ADULT CLASSES # ✦ # SELF DEFENSE # ✦ # FLEXIBLE $ PLANS # ✦
 # FAMILY ENVIRONMENT ✦ YOUTH AND ADULT CLASSES ✦ SELF DEFENSE ✦ FLEXIBLE $ PLANS ✦

 ### “Great location, great instruction. Clean academy and lots of individual attention - not a "pack them in" academy. Lots of class options with a variety of styles including "women's only" classes. I highly recommend!”

 Mark C.
 Westlake Village, CA

 ### “Professor Neale provides quality instruction and is extremely knowledgeable. His team is very welcoming and helpful which creates the perfect environment for some great training!” Gee G.
 Southeast, NV, NV

 ## CALL TODAY (702) 612-5727

 ### “Genesis a great environment with intimate small group instruction. Professor Neale is a very detail oriented instructor!” Gabby D.
 Southeast, NV, NV

 ### QUALITY INSTRUCTION. ### FAMILY ENVIRONMENT. With over 30 years combined experience on the mats training and teaching Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, adults as well as children, our trainers are uniquely qualified to offer you a wide range of training methodologies and fitness strategies to enhance your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Cardio-Fitness training. Simply we WILL take you to the next level!
 If you want to train in a safe and welcoming environment that offers World Class instruction, look no further! We can offer you and your whole family a second-to-none training experience here at
 DREAM ART JIU JITSU

 ## ADULT CLASSES ## WOMEN’S CLASSES

 ## YOUTH CLASSES ## FAMILY PACKAGES

 Dream Art Las Vegas is partnered with Wellhub.

 # Your health plan at work could give you access!

 #### INTERESTED? #### Have questions? #### FILL OUT THIS FORM AND OUR BOOKING STAFF WILL RESPOND TO YOU ASAP!

 ### "Today is victory over yourself of yesterday; tomorrow is your victory over lesser men." - Miyamoto Musashi

 ### DREAM ART LAS VEGAS
