---
source_url: https://casarezbjj.com
final_url: https://www.casarezbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:34.818Z
---

Go
 Close

 ## The Triangle's Premier Jiu Jitsu Gym

 Team Casarez is a Lucas Lepri affiliate located in the Triangle (Cary, Raleigh, Apex, Durham, Chapel Hill) area. We offer 20+ training sessions a week including Gi jiu jitsu, No Gi Jiu Jitsu, kids classes and open mats.
 With an emphasis on the gentle art modified by Jigoro Kano, Professor Tony Casarez focuses on technique mastering brute strength. He teaches students of all levels, from beginners to seasoned competitors.

 As an affiliate of 9X World Champion Black Belt, Lucas Lepri, the school’s community and techniques are influenced by one of the most decorated jiu jitsu athletes in the world.
 At Team Casarez, we believe that Jiu Jitsu is a lifestyle, and our goal is to share both the mental and physical benefits of Jiu Jitsu with our students. We are a supportive and competitive environment that pushes you to become stronger, healthier, and the best version of yourself, on and off the mat.

 Check Out the Class Schedule

 Try a free class today

 ## Select a Program

 #### Adult Jiu Jitsu Classes

 For the individual that is interested in learning self-defense, confidence, and self-discipline through the gentle art.

 Learn More

 #### Childrens’ Jiu Jitsu Classes

 The Casarez Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program will help instill the confidence that is so vital at young ages.

 Learn More

 #### No-Gi Jiu Jitsu Classes

 Without the traditional Gi, No-Gi Jiu Jitsu focuses on wrestling-based grips such as collar ties, wrist grabs and joint controls.

 Learn More

 #### Private Lessons

 One on one instruction is a great opportunity to get personalized guidance that takes your game to the next level!

 Learn More

 ## Meet Our Instructors

 Professor Tony Casarez is a Multiple Time IBJJF Champion with 16+ years of training experience. He is a black belt under 9x World Champion, Lucas Lepri. Other instructors include black belt Ted Miller, and purple belt, Milo Ketterhagen.

 Our Instructors

 ## VIDEOS

 - Top 10 BJJ Sweeps Every Beginner Should Know #jiujitsu #martialarts #mma - Stop Letting Opponents Wrestle Up (Knee Cut Fix) #bjj #jiujitsu #bjjpass #kneecut #bjjtechnique - Top 10 BJJ Submissions Every Beginner Should Know #martialarts #mma #jiujitsu

 See More Videos

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 ## Team Casarez Jiu Jitsu - Centrally Located in Cary

 Interested in trying Jiu Jitsu? We’re located at 253 Grande Heights Drive in Cary. Contact us today to get started!

 Contact Us

 Copyright © 2026 Casarez Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. All rights reserved. Website designed by Addicott Web .
