---
source_url: http://www.freeformjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://freeformjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:27.342Z
---

#### New to BJJ?...

 ## Not a problem!

 try a class!

 ## Welcome to Free Form BJJ

 ### Get Started Today! Learn world-class Jiu Jitsu taught right here in Milwaukee's Historic Third Ward!

 Name * First
 Last

 Email *
 Subject *
 Comment or Message *

 Send Message

 ## What to Expect :

 ### A Vibrant and Friendly Community Make friends as you train, get fit, and work towards your best self!

 ### A Mentally and Physically Engaging Workout BJJ can be the catalyst to a healthy new lifestyle or a novel and exciting element of your existing one!

 ### Top Tier Training Whether your goals are to

 - Get Fit
 - Lose Weight
 - Win Tournaments
 - Learn Self-Defense

 Free Form can help you get there!

 ### Confidence Nothing will empower you like the practice of doing something difficult over and over again in a safe and healthy gym environment.

 Book a Trial!

 ## What Our Community Says:

 "A welcoming environment and amazing people. Matt Morin and the other instructors are patient and wonderful to learn from." - Riley O.
 "Matt is a capable, competent, patient guy. Anybody would be lucky to train with him, and then he goes and opens up a gorgeous school in a great location. Bring your kids here. Bring your YOU here!" - Steve S.
 "I've been training and competing for 10 years and can assure everyone definitively that Matt is an EXCEPTIONAL coach and human being. Your training experience will be of the highest quality at Free Form." - Ramses B.
 "High level training with great people in a beautiful setting." - Justin S.
 "Awesome facility in a great location with A+ instruction." - Jordan E.
 "Love the Vibe! 5/5" - Dan R.
