---
source_url: http://www.gordonmartialarts.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://gordonmartialarts.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:54.431Z
---

# Gordon Martial Arts Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Gordon Martial Arts. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 Monday - 3:30 PM - 4:00 PM Mini Martial - 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Junior Beginner - 5:15 PM - 5:30 PM Black Belt Club - 5:30 PM - 6:15 PM Junior Intermediate - 5:30 PM - 6:15 PM Junior Advanced - 6:15 PM - 7:00 PM Krav Maga - 6:45 PM - 7:30 PM Teen Adult Taekwon-Do

 Tuesday - 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Women’s Only Krav Maga - 3:30 PM - 4:15 PM Junior Intermediate - 3:30 PM - 4:15 PM Junior Advanced - 4:30 PM - 5:00 PM Mini Martial - 5:15 PM - 6:00 PM Junior Beginner - 6:00 PM - 6:45 PM Teen Adult Taekwon-Do - 6:00 PM - 6:45 PM Adult Hapkido

 Wednesday - 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM 8-11 Krav Maga - 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM 12-15 Krav Maga - 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM Sparring Class - 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM 16+ Krav Maga

 Thursday - 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Women’s Only Krav Maga - 3:30 PM - 4:15 PM Junior Beginner - 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Junior Intermediate - 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Junior Advanced - 5:15 PM - 5:30 PM Masters Club - 5:30 PM - 6:00 PM Mini Martial - 6:00 PM - 6:45 PM Teen Adult Taekwon-Do - 6:00 PM - 6:45 PM Adult Hapkido

 Friday - 4:00 PM - 5:00 PM Open Mat - 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM 8-11 Krav Maga - 4:35 PM - 5:20 PM 12-15 Krav Maga

 Saturday - 9:00 AM - 10:30 AM Combat JuJitsu

 Sunday

 ## Proudly Serving Crestview With Martial Arts Since 2003! Request information

 I love the atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff. Knowledgeable instructors who will focus on your child’s struggles despite the group setting. However, the group setting runs sooooo smoothly and the kids get along so well!!

 Gordon Martial Arts is a good place to get your kids and family active! The instructors are awesome and Mrs Liz and Miss Howard make you feel like family.

 Such a great school! The instructors really care and take a lot of time with the students. Can’t say enough about how much my son enjoys and appreciates Master Bledsoe and Ms. Amanda! He’s learned so much, and what they teach at GMA only enforces and assists our character training at home. So, so grateful for that.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
