---
source_url: http://www.gordonmartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://gordonmartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:54.750Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Crestview ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Gordon Martial Arts. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Crestview's Favorite Kids Martial Arts Classes! Here at Gordon Martial Arts, we want to help build confident and successful students. Through our Kids Martial Arts program, students will learn how to set and achieve big goals, how to stand up to bullies, and how to persevere through any challenge. Join us at our convenient location between Crestview, Milligan, and Baker and see how Kids Martial Arts Classes could change your child's life.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about Kids Martial Arts!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Kids Martial Arts Classes? Some parents are worried that Martial Arts classes are all about punching and kicking, but here's the truth: when you sign up your child for our Kids Martial Arts program, they'll get a headstart on learning perseverance , goal-setting skills , teamwork , leadership , and more. The Mini Martials program is for our youngest students, ages 4 through 6, while our Junior Martial Arts classes are for kids ages 6 to 12! Our nationally-certified instructors at Gordon Martial Arts will ensure that your child gets the kind of personalized guidance and attention that you won't find anywhere else in the Crestview area.
 If you're looking for a Kids Martial Arts program that will help your child get ahead in life, look no further!
 ##### Our Kids Taekwondo classes offer: - Unwavering confidence - Teamwork and leadership skills - The chance to meet new friends & mentors - Lifelong habits of health and wellness
 Your child will learn nonviolent anti-bullying strategies, become part of our martial arts community, and get started with habits of physical fitness that will last a lifetime . Our Kids Taekwondo Classes are designed to set students up for lasting success, whether they stay here in Crestview or wherever life takes them. Join us at Gordon Martial Arts and see the difference that Kids Martial Arts classes can make!
 #### Enroll in Kids Martial Arts Classes Today! From your child's very first class, they'll have a blast learning exciting Taekwondo and martial arts techniques, meet new friends from across Crestview, Milligan, and Baker, and begin learning important values like respect, perseverance, and how to cultivate an indomitable spirit!
 Just fill out the short form below to get started with our Kids Martial Arts program!
 Get more information now!

 ## Proudly Serving Crestview With Martial Arts Since 2003! Request information

 I love the atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff. Knowledgeable instructors who will focus on your child’s struggles despite the group setting. However, the group setting runs sooooo smoothly and the kids get along so well!!

 Gordon Martial Arts is a good place to get your kids and family active! The instructors are awesome and Mrs Liz and Miss Howard make you feel like family.

 Such a great school! The instructors really care and take a lot of time with the students. Can’t say enough about how much my son enjoys and appreciates Master Bledsoe and Ms. Amanda! He’s learned so much, and what they teach at GMA only enforces and assists our character training at home. So, so grateful for that.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
