---
source_url: http://www.gordonmartialarts.com/classes/Teen-and-Adult-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://gordonmartialarts.com/classes/Teen-and-Adult-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:55.093Z
---

# Teen and Adult Martial Arts in Crestview ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Gordon Martial Arts. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Reclaim Your Body With Our Teen and Adult Martial Arts Classes Here In Crestview Our Teen and Adult Martial Arts classes use Taekwondo as a tool to help you improve every aspect of your life. From getting a great workout to reducing stress and building skills in leadership, focus, confidence, and self-defense, our program is a holistic approach to bettering your personal health and wellness.
 Join us at Gordon Martial Arts for the opportunity to take on dynamic, high-energy Taekwondo training and connect with other members of the Crestview, Milligan, and Baker communities. No matter your age, ability, or fitness level, our professional instructors are happy to work with you to provide a personalized training regimen that suits your individual needs.
 If you have questions, reach out to us or simply fill out the short form below and we'll contact you!
 Get more information now!
 #### Teen and Adult Martial Arts Will Create Total-Body Fitness Are you tired of your boring gym routine? Leave the earphones and the weight machines behind. When you enroll at Gordon Martial Arts, you'll get an effective fitness routine without having to go at it alone . We help people from across Crestview, Milligan, and Baker build total-body fitness through Taekwondo training, plus teach practical self-defense skills and offer guidance from professional martial arts instructors.
 Our Teen and Adult Martial Arts program is an incredible way to reclaim your fitness, connect with new friends and mentors, and have fun -- all at the same time!
 ##### Our Taekwondo training will offer you: - A sustainable workout routine to burn calories & build lean muscle - Personalized guidance from experienced martial artists - Practical self-defense skills for any situation - A fun, exciting fitness routine that you will genuinely love
 #### What You Learn Through Taekwondo Will Translate Into All Aspects Of Life Not only will our Teen and Adult Martial Arts program help you become more physically fit, but it will also give you the opportunity to build confidence , cultivate self-discipline , reduce your stress and anxiety levels, and to practice focus and leadership skills that will help you aim higher in the workplace and at home. You'll experience boosted energy levels, better sleep, and more.
 Our team at Gordon Martial Arts has helped people from around Crestview, Milligan, and Baker achieve their goals through effective Taekwondo training. What's holding you back from achieving your goals?
 ##### Our Teen and Adult Martial Arts program will help you: - Build confidence, focus, & self-esteem - Reduce your stress & anxiety levels - Enjoy more energy in your everyday life - Heighten your focus at home & in the workplace
 #### Get Started With Crestview's Best Martial Arts Program Today! Whether you're a novice or a Taekwondo veteran, our expert team at Gordon Martial Arts can help you take your fitness and training to the next level. Discover the wealth of benefits that comes with martial arts training -- whether you're coming to us from Crestview, Milligan, or beyond, your journey begins with your first class.
 If you have questions, call us or simply fill out the short form below and we'll reach out to you!
 Get more information now!

 ## Proudly Serving Crestview With Martial Arts Since 2003! Request information

 I love the atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff. Knowledgeable instructors who will focus on your child’s struggles despite the group setting. However, the group setting runs sooooo smoothly and the kids get along so well!!

 Gordon Martial Arts is a good place to get your kids and family active! The instructors are awesome and Mrs Liz and Miss Howard make you feel like family.

 Such a great school! The instructors really care and take a lot of time with the students. Can’t say enough about how much my son enjoys and appreciates Master Bledsoe and Ms. Amanda! He’s learned so much, and what they teach at GMA only enforces and assists our character training at home. So, so grateful for that.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
