---
source_url: https://gbkissimmee.co/
final_url: https://gbkissimmee.co/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:18.409Z
---

- ClassesGet Started - Instructors - Testimonials - Contact - AboutPrivacy Policy

 FREE TRAINING

 Get Started

 DISCOVER

 A MORE POWERFUL
 VERSION OF YOURSELF

 Free Training

 Call Now

 # Elevate Your Jiu-Jitsu Journey with Gracie Barra

 ## Learn from World-Class Instructors and Experience the Authentic Tradition of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Begin Your BJJ Adventure Now

 CALL NOW

 # TRY IT TODAY FOR FREE

 ## No Contracts or Obligations

 First Name

 Last Name

 Email *

 Phone *

 I agree to terms & conditions provided by the company. By providing my phone number, I agree to receive text messages from the business.

 ### CLAIM FREE TRAINING!

 WELCOME TO GRACIE BARRA

 IT'S MORE THAN JUST BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 ## Experience the power and discipline of Martial Arts at our Academy

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It is known for its effectiveness in self-defense and its ability to enable a smaller person to defend themselves against a larger opponent. At our academy, we offer expert instruction in the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, taught by skilled and experienced practitioners. Our classes are suitable for people of all ages and skill levels, and we have a welcoming and inclusive community of students. Whether you are a beginner looking to learn the basics or an experienced practitioner seeking to refine your techniques, our academy has something to offer you. Join us and discover the physical and mental benefits of training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 # Benefits

 - Improves physical fitness and conditioning
 - Increases self-defense skills - Develops mental discipline and focus - Provides stress relief - Builds social connections and friendships

 Call Now

 # CLASS SCHEDULE

 # Try Martial Arts for FREE!

 It has never been easier to try us out with no obligations or contracts

 - Improve Coordination - Develop Discipline - Mental & Physical Benefits - Learn Self-Defense - All While Having Fun

 With over 1000 schools, Gracie Barra is considered the most trusted martial arts academy in the world. With a family friendly atmosphere and world class instructors, we have everything you need to succeed.

 Martial Arts Kids & Teens

 - Martial Arts classes for kids and teens at Gracie Barra Jiu Jitsu Academy are designed to promote physical, mental and emotional development. Our experienced instructors provide a safe and supportive environment where students can learn self-defense techniques, improve their fitness levels and build confidence. - Improved Focus and Concentration: Martial arts training helps kids and teens develop focus and concentration, which can carry over into their academic and athletic performance. - Increased Confidence and Self-Esteem: Through learning new techniques and successfully practicing them, kids and teens can build confidence and self-esteem, leading to a positive outlook on life

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu For Adults

 - Experience the challenge and reward of our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes for adults. Our experienced instructors will guide you through the techniques and principles of these martial arts, teaching you how to use leverage and technique to overcome opponents. - Regular training can improve cardiovascular fitness, flexibility, coordination, and mental focus, as well as reduce stress. Our classes are suitable for people of all skill levels and we have a supportive and inclusive community. Join us and discover the many benefits of training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu .

 Muay Thai & Boxing

 At Gracie Barra , we offer a comprehensive training program that offers both the art of Muay Thai and the sport of boxing.
 Muay Thai, also known as "Thai boxing," is a martial art and combat sport that incorporates stand-up striking techniques and clinching maneuvers. Our Muay Thai & Boxing classes provide an opportunity to learn this dynamic discipline while getting in great shape.
 Whether you're interested in the intricate techniques of Muay Thai or the sweet science of boxing, our experienced instructors will guide you through the training sessions, helping you learn and excel in these disciplines while achieving your fitness goals. Join us at Gracie Barra Kissimmee and experience the excitement of Muay Thai and boxing while getting fit.

 Private Training

 - In addition to our group Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes, we also offer private lessons for individuals or small groups. Private lessons are a great way to receive personalized instruction and focus on specific areas of your training. Our instructors are skilled in tailoring the lesson to meet your specific goals and needs. Whether you are a beginner looking to get a solid foundation in the art or an experienced practitioner seeking to fine-tune your techniques, private lessons are a great way to accelerate your progress. Private lessons are also a convenient option for those with busy schedules, as they can be scheduled at a time that works best for you. If you are interested in private Brazilian Jiu Jitsu lessons, please don't hesitate to contact us to learn more.

 Talk With Instructor

 WELCOME TO GRACIE BARRA

 FAMILY FRIENDLY PROGRAMS

 Our academy is a family-friendly environment, where people of all ages can come and train in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu together. We believe that training as a family can be a rewarding and bonding experience, and we encourage families to participate in classes together. Our instructors are skilled in teaching Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to students of all ages and skill levels, and are committed to providing a safe and positive learning environment for everyone. Whether you are a parent looking to train with your child or a group of siblings seeking to train together, our academy is the perfect place for your family to learn and grow together. Come train with us and discover the benefits of training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a family.
 Enrolling in Martial Arts classes at Gracie Barra Jiu Jitsu Academy is an investment in your overall health and well-being. Contact us today to schedule a free trial class.

 # Benefits

 - Building Confidence and Self-Esteem - Developing Respect and Discipline - Improves physical fitness and conditioning
 - Increases self-defense skills - Develops mental discipline and focus - Provides stress relief - Builds social connections and friendships

 Call Now

 UNLIMITED BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU CLASSES

 Get Started

 Carlos Gracie Jr.

 "Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone, young and old, fit and not so fit. It is a martial art that can be practiced by people of all sizes and abilities."

 Call Us To Schedule

 GETTING STARTED IS EASY..

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO-CLASS

 No Hidden Fees

 Try Your Free Introduction Class

 Gracie Barra Certified Instructor

 All Levels Welcome

 Call Now

 FREE TRIAL

 No Hidden Fees

 No Obligations

 Set Your Personal Goals

 Create Your Custom Fitness Routine

 Schedule Class

 BEGIN TRAINING

 Unlimited Classes

 World Class Jiu-Jitsu Instruction

 Build Self-Discipline

 Gain Relationships That Last

 Improve Your Physique

 Sign Up Now

 INSTRUCTORS

 Certified Gracie Barra instructors have been trained in the methods outlined by our founder, Master Carlos Gracie Jr. himself.

 ## Professor Igor Black Belt 6th Degree

 Professor Igor, the epitome of excellence in Jiu-Jitsu, holds the prestigious title of being ranked #1 in the world in his class. With over 35 years of experience, this Rio de Janeiro native has dedicated his life to mastering the art of Jiu-Jitsu.
 As a multiple-time champion, including accolades like Pan American and World Master titles, Professor Igor's skills are unmatched. His remarkable achievements reflect his unwavering commitment to the sport.
 Beyond his competitive success, Professor Igor is a beacon of inspiration and knowledge. He embodies the Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle, engaging in activities such as yoga, surfing, paddleboarding, and tennis, which enhance his physical abilities and enrich his teaching approach.
 Professor Igor's charismatic and approachable nature creates a welcoming atmosphere in our dojo. He nurtures a supportive community where every student feels encouraged to grow and thrive. As an exceptional instructor, he provides personalized attention and guidance, ensuring each student's progress.

 # Follow Us on Facebook

 Follow us

 Testimonials

 People Love Us

 My son started out with curiosity of the sport and took a couple free lessons to see how he'd do and how the gym conducted business. He is now a year in and loves it. The professors and coaches (instructors) are very passionate about jiu-jitsu and love to teach. They take the time to make sure instructions are clear and work with all ages and experiences. You will not be disappointed if you or your child are looking at a sport/discipline that will be beneficial in so many ways.

 Nicolas Lemay

 I have been training here for 3 years and I love the Professors, coaches, and students at Gracie Barra are like family. The Professors and coaches bring a high level of skill sets and effective techniques. The kids train and share their knowledge so that everyone can rise to the highest levels of competition excellence. I highly recommend this place and will continue to grow here!

 Tim P

 My 6 year old son just finished his free lessons, and before we left we made sure to sign him up. All of the coaches are so friendly and welcoming. The other students are super respectful and make sure that they let the newer kids learn. Just a great atmosphere all around. My son has been super excited to go, and can't wait for the next class. 100% recommend Gracie Barra

 Mark Mount

 My kids have been going for 3 months and I have been going for 2. Professors are great and works with all levels. Eveyone in the class is helpful and no one is out to hurt anyone. All the coaches and professors are extreamly professional. I highly reccomended everyone to try it out.. They have classes for all ages and all skill levels.

 m harris

 At GB, we're like family! I have been a member over a year. It's an overall amazing place to learn and train BJJ. Instructors have a strong and committed passion for instructing BJJ. Also, they have excellent trouble shooting skills that are vital while preparing for competition. If you want to get fit, gain confidence and learn self-defense, then Gracie Barra is the place to be. I wouldn't train in BJJ anywhere else!!

 Angela Bradley

 What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. It emphasizes leverage, technique, and strategy to overcome opponents of various sizes and strengths.

 Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu suitable for beginners?

 Absolutely! Gracie Barra welcomes students of all skill levels, including beginners. Our classes are designed to cater to individuals with no prior experience in BJJ. Our instructors provide comprehensive instruction and support to help beginners learn and progress at their own pace.

 #### Do I need to be physically fit to start Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 No, you do not need to be in peak physical condition to begin training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. BJJ itself is a great way to improve your fitness level. Our classes are structured to accommodate different fitness levels, and our instructors will help you gradually develop strength, endurance, and flexibility.

 ## Summer Camps! The Gracie Barra Jiu-Jitsu 2023 Summer Camp is an excellent opportunity for your child to have a special experience this summer! Sign them up for our fun and activity filled Summer Camp! Martial Art... ...more
 Summer Camp Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 June 09, 2023 • 3 min read

 Call Now
 Get In Touch

 Email: team@ gbkissimmee.co

 Address :
 3831 West Vine Street St, #80
 Kissimmee, FL 34741

 Business Hours
 Mon-Fri 6am – 9pm
 Sat 11am – 2pm
 Sun 5pm – 7pm

 Phone Number:
 (321) 800-3778

 Location:
 3831 West Vine Street St, 80, Kissimmee, FL 34741

 Call :
 (321) 800-3778

 Email: team@gbkissimmee.co

 Privacy Policy
