---
source_url: http://www.orionbjj.com
final_url: https://orionbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:24.072Z
---

Gi and No-Gi # Classes for Every Level and Age

 ###### Kids & Teens

 ###### All Levels

 ###### No Gi

 ###### Open Mat

 Learn More

 individual approach # Discover the Orion BJJ Experience

 #### Skill Development

 #### Focused Instruction

 #### Personal Growth

 #### Adaptive Techniques

 ##### Adult Classes ORION BJJ

 ##### Open Mat ORION BJJ

 ##### Coffee & Gi ORION BJJ

 ##### No Gi ORION BJJ

 ##### Kids & Teens ORION BJJ

 our team # Our Instructors

 At Orion Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Antoine, François, Chivon Obiri-Mainoo, and James bring their expertise and passion to every class. With years of experience and a deep commitment to the art, they provide personalized instruction in a supportive environment, helping you grow both on and off the mats.

 #### Antoine Head Instructor

 #### François Instructor

 #### Chivon Instructor

 #### James Instructor

 Testimonials ## I love this place, and recommend it for all levels. Come join the Orion Bjj family, you won’t regret it. Clean, welcoming and with very experienced instructors.

 #### Gilson Carvalho Client

 Orion BJJ is a top notch school, the instructors are legit and my game has improved drastically. The mix of drilling and live grappling is perfect and the availability of instruction is something you will not find at most gyms today. Oss.

 #### Nick Gormley Client

 If you or your child are looking to start training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu then I highly encourage you to take those first steps with Orion BJJ. For beginners and those returning to training looking for a solid gym. Here you will find positive role models and a passionate atmosphere that encourages you & those around you to grow your confidence and skills in grappling. They offer a wide variety of classes including an all female class. Don’t wait, take the first steps towards the rest of your life.

 #### Matty Cook Client

 ## Gallery

 Contact Us # Get in touch Ready to begin your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey or have questions? We'd love to hear from you! Whether you're a beginner, seasoned practitioner, or just curious, reach out and get in touch. Our team at Orion Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is here to help you every step of the way. OSS!

 #### Address 838 Crescent St, Brockton, MA 02302

 #### Contact Details info@orionbjj.com
 +1 508 586 5616
