---
source_url: https://www.islandjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.islandjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:50.649Z
---

a martial art form that uses the advantage of leverage to complete various maneuvers. Helio Gracie, the “father” of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) transformed traditional Jiu-Jitsu by modifying techniques that worked with his smaller and weaker stature. The core of Jiu-Jitsu is self-defense.

 Because leverage is the foundation of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, this martial art form is beneficial for everyone – children, women, men – including those with some forms of disabilities. Children can begin learning foundations of jiu- jitsu as young as 3 years old; and the maximum age range is truly unlimited as the art is designed for weaker practitioners. Helio Gracie, the founder of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu continued to practice jiu-jitsu until he passed away at 95 years old … READ MORE.

 To register for a class or to start a new membership, click on the specific class that you are interested in and follow the on-screen instructions to register.
 SIGN UP FOR YOUR CLASS HERE! CLICK THIS LINK NOW

 Tomorrow we will have our 2nd monthly Women’s Self-Defense class from 5:30-6:30 pm. This class is designed for regular monthly attendance to learn new techniques, drill old techniques, and build confidence in girls and women of all backgrounds. There is no experience or fitness level required. Check out the schedule for upcoming classes (last Fridays …
 Continue reading “Two Exciting Events Coming Up”

 No Gi seminar with Richie “Boogeyman” Martinez. As always, everyone is welcome. $50. Click here to reserve your spot with a credit card. There is limited space!

 Gui Mendes is returning to Island Jiu-Jitsu with Jonatha Alves for an exclusive jiu-jitsu seminar – the only seminar that will be held on Oahu. As always, all students of all ages and from all schools are welcome. October 12, 2018 ~ 7-10 p.m. $150 Register online to reserve your spot. Limited spots will be …
 Continue reading “Gui Mendes Exclusive Oahu Jiu-Jitsu Seminar”
