---
source_url: http://www.lewiskarate.com
final_url: https://www.lewiskarate.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:10.940Z
---

- Home - Birthdays - Photo Gallery - Classes - News & Events - Directions - Store - Contact Us

 # Summer Day Camp enrolling now! Call 812-430-1707 for more info!
 At Lewis' Martial Arts we strive to give the best instruction to help you effectively reach your Martial Arts and Fitness goals whether your are a beginner or a seasoned athlete. We have evening classes daily and even our After-school Karate Program to help make your eveings easier and less stressful! Strong, Confident, Organized and Polite our students become Martial Art SuperKids!
 Conveniently located on State Route 66 in Newburgh, Lewis' Martial Arts Gym is the areas best option for well rounded martial arts training in a friendly no-ego environment.

 Who We Are
 For many years, Lewis Martial Arts has been providing instruction in the Tri-State area. LMA is the only martial arts programs in the area to offer $0 MEMBERSHIP FEE'S, NO CONTRACTS, FAMILY MEMBER DISCOUNTS, 50% OFF UNIFORM WITH ENROLLMENT AND 2 FREE TRIAL WEEKS! We offer 2 free trial weeks so you and your family can view the quality and structure of the areas best choice for martial arts training!

 Our Mission
 Our mission is to empower our students to enrich their personal and professional lives through our training, class structure and positive environment. To help in the development of effective self-protection, awareness and being responsible citizens.

 Print | Sitemap
 © Shane Lewis TaeKwonDo Academy
 Login Logout | Edit page

 0
