---
source_url: http://glorymmaandfitness.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
final_url: https://glorymmaandfitness.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:32.697Z
---

## For Fitness Or Self-Defense, Our BJJ Classes Have The Answer Get fit fast and master the art of ground grappling at the same time in our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes. This program gives you the chance to learn cutting-edge self-defense and prepare for the competition format if interested.
 Our BJJ Classes at Glory MMA & Fitness are perfect for all experience levels. If you're a complete beginner, we'll start with the very basics and work our way up. If you've got some experience, we'll jump right in and challenge you from day one.
 Either way, we're here to help you learn and stay motivated week in and week out. Join us in Lee's Summit today. Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 ## ## Comprehensive Self-Defense Is The Name Of The Game In Our BJJ Classes Did you know a majority of real-world altercations end up on the ground? Think about it. How many times do attackers just trade blows with a victim without wrestling them to the ground?
 That's where BJJ training comes in handy.
 This sport has gained popularity worldwide as the best combination of mental, physical, and emotional strength and it truly prepares you for anything. At Glory MMA & Fitness, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes help you face life with complete confidence, ready to defend yourself at a moment's notice.
 We're helping Lee's Summit learn:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Locks, chokes, and holds - Submission strategies - How to maintain leverage from any position
 ## And Yeah, You Can Expect To Get In Great Shape With Us We're not a bootcamp at Glory MMA & Fitness. We don't run around in circles and do calisthenics until we drop. Instead, we train with a purpose and set your mind on attainable goals. It's the best way to keep your mind motivated and your body distracted from the incredible workout it's undergoing.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are the perfect way to build strength, speed, and athleticism and keep the results coming week after week.
 Glory MMA & Fitness is helping everyday men and women:
 - Burn fat and build lean, toned muscles - Improve your cardiovascular health - Build your coordination and athletic ability - Walk away feeling more confident than ever before
 ## Try It Out Today! Our BJJ Classes In Lee's Summit Have Produced Incredible Results. You Could Be Next. Don't miss out on this revolutionary training system. Whether you're working toward the competition setting or just hoping for a great workout and a core set of self-defense skills, we've got you covered.
 Join us in Lee's Summit today and take on the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in town. Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started today!
