---
source_url: http://glorymmaandfitness.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://glorymmaandfitness.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.521Z
---

## Master Everything From Stand Up Striking To Ground Grappling In Our Mixed Martial Arts Classes At Glory MMA & Fitness, we're combining the best aspects of real-world self-defense and competition fighting, giving men and women across Lee's Summit the chance to train like a pro.
 Challenge your mind and your body and walk away feeling more confident than ever before. We're proud to work with all skill levels and abilities with our MMA 101, MMA 201, and MMA Striking Classes.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started today!
 ## ## Why Is Mixed Martial Arts Training Right For You? We've all seen the fights on TV. Mixed Martial Arts is one of the most popular competition styles around - and for good reason. But at Glory MMA & Fitness, we go beyond the flash and entertainment of professional fighting, introducing you instead to incredible self-defense skills and a workout like no other .
 Mixed Martial Arts training is a total-body effort and at Glory MMA & Fitness, we're proud to make it accessible to everyone in our community. Take on a mix of strength building exercises, controlled sparring, and repetition training to challenge yourself and build your skills one day at a time.
 We're helping everyone in Lee's Summit:
 - Learn self-defense skills for any situation - Build lean muscle and burn fat - Learn from the best instructors in town - Walk away with an incredible sense of accomplishment
 ## Our MMA Training Can Impact Every Aspect Of Your Life When was the last time you looked forward to your workout? Don't let exercise be another chore on your list. Take back the fun and excitement that comes with physical challenges and absolute success.
 Our MMA Classes in Lee's Summit are designed to keep you on your toes week in and week out, keeping your body guessing like other workouts simply can't. And in the process, we'll help you drop the stresses of your everyday life and enjoy a renewed energy in everything you do.
 At Glory MMA & Fitness, we're committed to helping you:
 - Take pride in your training - Enjoy improved sleep patterns - Feel confident in any situation - Face life happier, healthier, and better prepared to defend yourself
 ## Don't Miss Out! Our Mixed Martial Arts Classes In Lee's Summit Are Truly The Best Around! At Glory MMA & Fitness, we're proud to bring men and women across our community a professional approach to training. From beginners to experienced athletes, we're making high-quality classes more accessible than ever before. Join us in Lee's Summit now!
 Learn more about our Mixed Martial Arts Classes or get started today by simply filling out the short form on your screen!
