---
source_url: http://glorymmaandfitness.com
final_url: https://glorymmaandfitness.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.842Z
---

# Get More From Every Workout At Glory MMA & Fitness Serving You With The Best Martial Arts & Fitness Training Around
 See More

 ### Request more information

 ## Glory MMA & Fitness #### Your Forever Fitness Family At Glory MMA & Fitness we take great pride in the success of our students and work to improve their lives through martial arts. We are a family bound together by a desire to be better and to build you up. Stop by and feel the love and passion we guarantee will fuel every workout at Glory MMA & Fitness. Kid friendly fitness? You bet! Age-specific classes in mixed martial arts and Brazilian jiu-jitsu set your little ones up for success. Our top-notch instructors guarantee your family will be treated with the care and respect you deserve. Plus, it’s tons of FUN! We dare you to train better. Join one of the most accomplished and successful martial arts training facilities in the world. We're motivated to bring out the best in YOU! Whether you’re training in mixed martial arts, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Muay Thai, or our own revolutionary cardio kickboxing program, GloryFit. Glory MMA & Fitness is not just a gym. We train you to be goal reaching superstars. Take the first step today by filling out the short form on your screen!

 1
 #### Our Expert Team Glory MMA is led by professional mixed martial artist James Krause and we bring that level to expertise to everything we do. We're helping men and women across our community get the most out of every workout. Are you ready to join in?

 2
 #### Our Core Values We value the role of support and motivation in successful training programs. How can you expect to challenge yourself if you dread it every minute of the day. At Glory MMA & Fitness, we're a family and we've got you back.

 3
 #### Our Mission Our mission is your mission. Whether you're here to for fitness, self-defense, or a little bit of both, we're committed to making it happen one day at a time. Train with a purpose and enjoy the process of challenging your body and your mind.

 4
 #### Our Promise From day one, you can count on a safe and supportive environment every time you train. Gone are the days of intimidation and the fear of injury. We're offering sustainable solutions and supporting you through every step of the process.

 Request Information Now

 Kids Martial Arts
 Mixed Martial Arts
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## Pushing You To Do More Every Day

 ## Meet our Instructors Paul Kolenda (GM): BJJ instructor
 Stefaan Jefferson: MMA Striking Coach
 Devanta Frencher: Youth instructor

 We've trained at Glory numerous times since 2013. This gym is amazing and the instruction is top notch. Would definitely recommend anyone in the KC area check out their classes and excellent facility. ....Read more
 #### Hannah Zeciri

 This place is definitely the REAL deal. The instructors are amazing and really care for us. I highly recommend Glory! There's a well rounded group of people who attend it and so many excellent classes. This will be my home gym for life. Very very impressive! ....Read more
 #### Kylee Nichole Gilkey

 Great program and instructors! My 11 year old son has been doing the mma program for a year now and loves it. ....Read more
 #### Brandi Martinez French

 ## Request more information

 ### Blog
 - The Science of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: What Makes an Athlete Physically Strong? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is more than just technique and strategy. It’s also about having the right physical attributes to dominate on the mats. A systematic review published in Sports ... - The Life-Changing Mental Health Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Life can be stressful. Whether it’s the pressures of work, family responsibilities, or just navigating the ups and downs of daily life, it’s easy to feel overwhelmed. But what if we told ...

 We've trained at Glory numerous times since 2013. This gym is amazing and the instruction is top notch. Would definitely recommend anyone in the KC area check out their classes and excellent facility.

 This place is definitely the REAL deal. The instructors are amazing and really care for us. I highly recommend Glory! There's a well rounded group of people who attend it and so many excellent classes. This will be my home gym for life. Very very impressive!

 Great program and instructors! My 11 year old son has been doing the mma program for a year now and loves it.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
