---
source_url: https://balbinojiujitsu.com/features
final_url: https://balbinojiujitsu.com/features
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:18.356Z
---

(786) 678-4717

 balbino.jr1985@hotmail.com

 - - -
 (786) 678-4717

 balbino.jr1985@hotmail.com

 -

 # CLASS

 #### PRIVATE LESSONS

 Practicing Jiu-Jitsu offers numerous health benefits, including improved cardiovascular endurance, strength, flexibility, and stress relief. It also enhances mental resilience, focus, and problem-solving skills.

 #### GROUP LESSONS

 Jiu-Jitsu provides practical self-defense techniques, empowering individuals to protect themselves in real-life scenarios. It emphasizes quick thinking, strategy, and controlled movements to neutralize threats effectively.

 #### MMA PRIVATE CLASSES

 #### MMA GROUP CLASSES

 #### JIU-JITSU PRIVATE CLASSES

 #### JIU-JITSU GROUP CLASSES

 O U R F E A T U R E S

 ## THE POWER OF THE MIND, BODY, AND SOUL

 ### PROFESSIONAL TRAINERS

 We provide the best professional trainers in Wilson, NY. Contact us today!

 CONTACT US

 ### CONVENIENT TIME

 We take pride in our outstanding training and excellent results.

 CALL NOW

 ### THE BEST IN EQUIPMENTS

 Trust your next training to us, utilizing our top-of-the-line equipment. Contact us today!

 GET IN TOUCH

 ### DISCIPLINE IN HEALTH SPORTS

 Our mission is to provide you with a support system that will help you achieve your goals.

 (786) 678-4717

 ### COMPETITIVE TEAM

 We will be with you every step of the way. Schedule a lesson today to start self-defense training.

 CONTACT US

 ### HONEST AND TRUSTWORTHY

 We will help you overcome these doubts and fears, and help nurture the best version of you!

 CALL US

 ##### N E W S

 ## VIDEOS | ARTICLES | NEWS

 ## ‼️SOLD OUT SEMINAR WAS A SUCCESS!!!

 THANK YOU to our amazing LOCALLY OWNED BUSINESSES that made this day possible. I truly appreciate these sponsors & everyone who attended the seminar.

 ⭐INK & OIL TATTOO

 ⭐RED BEARD SALES TEAM

 ⭐DARKWINDZ DISPENSARY

 Thank you, José, for arranging this, & Thank you to Rafael for flying in to work with us.

 Keep training!!! 🥊🥊

 ## A FEW OF MY STUDENTS COMPETED IN A JIU-JITSU TOURNAMENT IN ROCHESTER

 November 18, 2023

 🏆 CONGRATULATIONS to Amanda, Rachel, Danny & Connor, led by coach José Balbino, on their success at the JIU-JITSU tournament in Rochester, NY last weekend.

 ## NAGA NORTH AMERICAN GRAPPLING ASSOCIATION BUFFALO - NY

 JULY 27, 2024

 Coach Jose Balbino

 Coach Jose Balbino won over 7 matches and became a champion in 4 different divisions!!! Bring home 3 Belts and a gold medal from the NAGA TOURNAMENT IN BUFFALO - NY!! Congratulations Coach!!

 Persephone Bailey

 Also congratulations to Persephone Bailey for the gold Medal and a beautiful sword!!

 Remzi Yates

 Congratulations to Remzi Yates for the amazing performance!!! Wins a first place!!!

 Spend %x% more to enjoy FREE Shipping
 x%

 Congrats! FREE Shipping is unlocked for your order

 Your cart is empty Continue
 Shopping Cart Subtotal:
 Discount
 Discount
 View Cart Checkout

 Visitor Information Reporting Allow this website to collect visitor and device info for statistical purposes. Save Changes

 View Details Quantity - +

 Sold Out
