---
source_url: https://balbinojiujitsu.com
final_url: https://balbinojiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:18.444Z
---

(786) 678-4717

 balbino.jr1985@hotmail.com

 - - -
 (786) 678-4717

 balbino.jr1985@hotmail.com

 -

 # PROFESSIONALJIU JITSU SESSIONS

 CALL NOW

 GET STARTED

 #### PRIVATE LESSONS

 Practicing Jiu-Jitsu offers numerous health benefits, including improved cardiovascular endurance, strength, flexibility, and stress relief. It also enhances mental resilience, focus, and problem-solving skills.

 #### GROUP LESSONS

 Jiu-Jitsu provides practical self-defense techniques, empowering individuals to protect themselves in real-life scenarios. It emphasizes quick thinking, strategy, and controlled movements to neutralize threats effectively.

 #### MMA PRIVATE CLASSES

 #### MMA GROUP CLASSES

 #### JIU-JITSU PRIVATE CLASSES

 #### JIU-JITSU GROUP CLASSES

 ##### J I U J I T S U M A S T E R

 ## THE ART OF SELF-DEFENSE

 Jiu-Jitsu has fostered a strong global community of practitioners, instructors, and enthusiasts, promoting camaraderie and the exchange of knowledge. This community reinforces the values of respect, perseverance, and continuous learning, creating a supportive environment for all.

 ### JOSE BALBINO ### Jiu-Jitsu Master

 CONTACT US

 ##### B R A Z I L I A N J I U - J I T S U M A S T E R

 ## JOSE BALBINO

 Jose Balbino was born in Ilhéus, Bahia, Brazil, on August 9, 1985. He started training at the age of 8 years old, initially in Judô and a few years later in Jiu-Jitsu, becoming a black belt in 2008.

 In 2013, Balbino moved to the US to pursue his MMA career, heading to MMA MASTERS, a very well-known team in Miami, Florida, led by renowned coaches Cézar Carneiro and Daniel Valverde. Becoming a professional fighter with a record of 5-1. Balbino became a tremendous fighter in the state of Florida, obtaining one of the most impressive knockouts in that state.

 In 2020, Balbino was invited by the greatest female fighter of all time, Amanda Nunes, to be part of the Ultimate Fighter season 30 as a Jiu-Jitsu coach. Along with his career as a fighter and coach, Balbino had the chance to work alongside big names in the sport, such as Amanda “ The Lioness “ Nunes, Nina Ansaroff, Luís “Baboon “ Palomino, Cézar Mutante, Rafael Alves, Valdir Araujo, Bruno Santos, Paulo Silva, and others.

 O U R F E A T U R E S

 ## THE POWER OF THE MIND, BODY, AND SOUL

 ### PROFESSIONAL TRAINERS

 LEARN MORE

 ### CONVENIENT TIME

 LEARN MORE

 ### THE BEST IN EQUIPMENTS

 LEARN MORE

 ### DISCIPLINE IN HEALTH SPORTS

 LEARN MORE

 ### COMPETITIVE TEAM

 LEARN MORE

 ### HONEST AND TRUSTWORTHY

 LEARN MORE

 ##### C L I E N T ' S F E E D B A C K

 ## LEAVE US A REVIEW

 Balbino Jiu-Jitsu is dedicated to providing fast, high-quality, and professional jiu-jitsu training. Our goal is to consistently deliver outstanding results that exceed client expectations. Help us improve our services by writing a review. Your feedback will help us serve you better in the future.

 ##### C O N T A C T U S

 ## TRAIN HARD - FIGHT EASY

 Please fill out the form below.

 Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field!
 Phone * Required field!
 Message * Required field!
 SEND MESSAGE

 We will not send spam

 ### CONTACT INFORMATION

 ### BUSINESS HOURS

 ### SERVICE AREA

 Spend %x% more to enjoy FREE Shipping
 x%

 Congrats! FREE Shipping is unlocked for your order

 Your cart is empty Continue
 Shopping Cart Subtotal:
 Discount
 Discount
 View Cart Checkout

 Visitor Information Reporting Allow this website to collect visitor and device info for statistical purposes. Save Changes

 View Details Quantity - +

 Sold Out
