---
source_url: https://mavericksbjj.com/2026/03/30/lessons-from-judo-that-shape-our-training/
final_url: https://mavericksbjj.com/2026/03/30/lessons-from-judo-that-shape-our-training/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:26.079Z
---

Skip to content Facebook Icon-instagram-1 Map-marker-alt Envelope Phone-alt

 MEMBERS

 SHOP

 # Lessons from judo that shape our training

 ## Coach’s Corner: What I Learned from Judo

 - By Felipe Martinez, Head Coach

 ### Judo had a big influence on how I train and how I coach today.

 ## The first lesson

 The first lesson is mutual welfare and benefit . We’re here to help each other improve. Training can be tough, but the goal isn’t to win, it’s to learn. No one is keeping score. The mats are a lab. If something doesn’t work, we adjust and try again. If it does work, we focus on understanding why, not celebrating a win over a teammate.

 There’s a time for competition, but most of the time, the room should be focused on learning.

 ## The second lesson

 The second lesson is structure.
 Judo has a clear system with defined expectations at every level. In Jiu Jitsu, that structure varies from school to school. For us, we’ve taken that blueprint and built our own.
 That’s why every new student starts in our Fundamentals Program. It creates a strong foundation, a shared language, and a clear path forward.

 From there, everything we do builds with intention.

 Since then, we’ve continued to refine our classes, heavily influenced by our affiliation with CSW, and the results speak for themselves.
 Those two ideas still guide us today

 ### Learn together

 ### Train with structure

 ### That’s how we raise the level.

 ## About Us

 Mavericks Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu goes beyond the mats.
 It’s a mindset, a daily practice, and a way of life .
 We build an inclusive community where anyone—regardless of age or background—can find confidence, discipline, and a sense of belonging through training.

 - 2324 Jacaman Rd., Ste 104, Laredo, TX

 - mavericks.bjj@gmail.com

 - +1 (956) 324 3365

 Facebook Instagram

 ## Start Your Journey Today

 Train your way – join us in Laredo or online from anywhere

 Check Our In-Person Schedule

 Join Mavericks BJJ Online

 ## Recent Post

 - 30 Mar 2026 Lessons from judo that shape our training - 27 Feb 2026 Learning to Protect Yourself - 29 Jan 2026 The Real Meaning of Training Together

 ## Mavericks Jiu-Jitsu Academy– Forge Your Own Path.

 ## Proud affiliate of

 ### Get In Touch

 - 2324 Jacaman Rd., Ste 104, Laredo, TX

 - mavericks.bjj@gmail.com

 - +1 (956) 324 3365

 - Mavericks Brazilian Jiujitsu

 - @mavericks_bjj

 ### Quicklinks

 - Home - About Us - In-Person Classes - In-Person Class Schedule - Try a Free In-Person Class! - Online BJJ - Contact Us

 Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved. Site created by AMX Marketing y Publicidad Digital.

 Privacy Notice
