---
source_url: https://mavericksbjj.com/fundamentals-of-jiu-jitsu-landing-page/
final_url: https://mavericksbjj.com/fundamentals-of-jiu-jitsu-landing-page/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:26.173Z
---

Skip to content Facebook Icon-instagram-1 Map-marker-alt Envelope Phone-alt

 MEMBERS

 SHOP

 # fundamentals of jiu-jitsu

 ## Your training,

 ## Anytime, anywhere

 Check our Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu Course!

 Check our Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu Course!

 ## Master Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals from Scratch!

 The Mavericks BJJ Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu is designed to give a solid foundation in the essential movements, techniques, and principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. This course ensures that you develop skills in a progressive, engaging, and practical way.

 - Fundamental Movements - Escapes - Sweeps - Guard Passing Techniques - Submissions - Basic Takedowns

 ## What you'll learn

 Introduction to the Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu
 - Introduction to the Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu

 - Fundamental Movements

 Section #1 – Building the Foundation
 - Positional flow - Guard + Sit-up sweep + Kimura - Half guard + Recover full guard + Underhook back take - Closed guard + Back take + Gift wrap pendulum sweep - Rear naked choke + 3 amigos gi chokes (from back and technical mount) - Guard armbar + Leg hook armbar sweep - Armbar from side mount underhook - Armbar from mount - Americana + Kimura trap

 Section #2 – Developing Escapes & Passing the Guard
 - Side mount 1 escape: Underhook to back take & Recover guard - Side mount 2 escape: Pendulum sit-up - Mount escape: Trap & roll + Butterfly guard recovery - Butterfly guard sweep to mount & Side mount 2 - Back escape: Bridge to side mount 3 - Guard passing: Captain Morgan to half stack + Leg split long step - Half guard passing: Pass to mount & Knee cut

 Section #3 – Putting it all Together
 - Clinch body fold + Drop Tai Otoshi - Osoto Gari + Armbar - Scissor sweep to Mount - Cross collar choke from guard + Scissor sweep + Collar choke from mount - Triangle + Armbar combo - Open guard pass: Torreando pass to knee on stomach + Mount - Open guard pass: Double under stack pass - Wrapping Up Jiujitsu Fundamentals

 ## Your Path to Mastery – Now at a Special Price!

 - Build a Strong Foundation - Structured Learning Path - Review fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a progressive method

 Check our Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu!

 ## Meet your instructors

 ## FELIPE MARTÍNEZ

 - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt - Judo Brown Belt - +20 Years of Experience

 Felipe Martínez is a dedicated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt with a profound passion for martial arts. His journey began in 2003 when he joined a college Judo club at Texas A&M International University, where he graduated in 2009 with a degree in Kinesiology and a minor in Health and Wellness.
 Felipe’s martial arts path gained significant momentum in 2004 when he started training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Over the years, he embraced the challenges of both disciplines, earning his Judo brown belt in 2006 and achieving his Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt in 2014.
 Felipe’s commitment to martial arts extends beyond his own training; he has shared his knowledge and expertise as the head BJJ coach at various academies. This dedication culminated in a pivotal moment in his career— opening Mavericks BJJ, where he continues to inspire and guide students on their own journeys.

 ## Edna jiménez

 - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brown Belt - +9 Years of Experience

 Edna Jiménez is a passionate Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner whose journey began in 2014 in Laredo, Texas. In 2019, she proudly earned her purple belt, marking a significant milestone in her training.
 Beyond her dedication to martial arts, Edna is a loving mother of three. Her life experiences have shaped her into a strong and resilient individual.
 Edna’s journey is a testament to her determination and perseverance, both on and off the mats. She believes that true strength isn’t solely measured on the mats, but also in the battles we face in life. Jiu-Jitsu has empowered her to build the strength and cultivate the resilience needed to overcome life’s challenges.

 ## Join the Mavericks Family

 We invite you to join our community and embark on a lifestyle of self-discovery, growth, and empowerment.
 With our virtual training, you can access classes and lessons from anywhere, staying connected with our instructors and the Mavericks community. Whether you’re our direct student looking to review or part of the global jiu-jitsu community, you can access our classes from the comfort of your viewing device. Our platform is designed to deliver the same high-quality instruction you experience in our in-person classes, with the added flexibility you need.

 Buy our Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu Course Now!

 ## Mavericks Jiu-Jitsu Academy– Forge Your Own Path.

 ## Proud affiliate of

 ### Get In Touch

 - 2324 Jacaman Rd., Ste 104, Laredo, TX

 - mavericks.bjj@gmail.com

 - +1 (956) 324 3365

 - Mavericks Brazilian Jiujitsu

 - @mavericks_bjj

 ### Quicklinks

 - Home - About Us - In-Person Classes - In-Person Class Schedule - Try a Free In-Person Class! - Online BJJ - Contact Us

 Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved. Site created by AMX Marketing y Publicidad Digital.

 Privacy Notice
