---
source_url: https://mavericksbjj.com
final_url: https://mavericksbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:26.221Z
---

Skip to content Facebook Icon-instagram-1 Map-marker-alt Envelope Phone-alt

 MEMBERS

 SHOP

 # Brazilian jiu-jitsu classes

 ## Mavericks Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Ready to train? Join us and start your journey today. We offer both fundamental and advanced programs for all skill levels!
 Whether you’re stepping onto the mats for the first time or refining your advanced skills, we provide the training and support for every level. Join us and embrace the Maverick way today!

 Try a free In-Person class!

 Schedule

 About us

 YOUR TRAINING, ANYTIME, ANYWHERE

 The Mavericks Jiu-jitsu Experience ONLINE.

 Sign up

 ## About Us

 ## Unleash your potential— your journey, led by Mavericks.

 We know that starting something new, especially a martial art, can feel intimidating. You might be wondering

 - Do I need to be in shape? - Will I feel welcome as a beginner? - Will I feel lost in class? - Is Jiu-Jitsu right for me?

 The truth is, you can start at any fitness level, and beginners are always welcome! Our structured Fundamentals Program is designed to kickstart your Jiu-Jitsu journey, while advanced classes provide experienced grapplers with the opportunity to keep progressing.
 Whether you’re starting from scratch with a structured program or you’re an experienced practitioner looking to advance, we provide a flexible schedule for students of all levels, along with online access for supplemental learning.

 ## Brazilian jiu-jitsu classes

 ## Train In-Person or Online

 #### Step Onto the Mats and Forge Your Own Path Train with Us In-Person

 Training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Mavericks is about the martial arts lifestyle —it’s about mastering technique, building focus, and developing discipline and confidence.
 We take a structured approach, offering a dedicated beginner program to help new students build a solid foundation in the martial art, while our advanced programs challenge experienced practitioners to refine their skills.
 No matter your experience, our instructors provide guidance and support in a welcoming and encouraging environment. At Mavericks, you’ll push your limits, hone your technique, and grow as a martial artist.

 Try a free In-Person class!

 #### Your Training, Anytime, Anywhere Train, Learn, Evolve Online

 - Looking to enhance your training or revisit past lessons?

 Whether you’re just starting out, a seasoned practitioner, or an instructor, our online platform is designed for all levels. It’s the perfect supplement for our students, offering access to our Fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu course, advanced classes, and new content uploaded every month.
 For instructors, it’s an invaluable resource to enhance teaching techniques and knowledge.
 While nothing compares to the experience of live, in-person training, our online platform is a great tool to support your growth and deepen your understanding of Jiu-Jitsu.

 CHECK OUR ONLINE COURSES

 ## Start Your Journey Today, Let Mavericks guide you!

 #### Schedule For in-person classes at 2324 Jacaman Rd., Ste 104, Laredo, TX

 #### ONLINE ACADEMY At mavericksbjj.ezycourse.com

 #### Instructors know more about us

 ## your coaches

 ## Meet your BJJ INSTRUCTORS

 know more about us

 ### Felipe Martínez

 - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt - Judo Brown Belt - +20 Years of Experience

 Know more about Felipe

 ### Edna Jiménez

 - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brown Belt - +9 Years of Experience

 Know more about Edna

 ## OUR In- Person Brazilian jiu-jitsu classes

 ## YOUR TRAINING STARTS HERE

 ### Adult BJJ For ages 15 and up. We offer a free trial class, available in either our Fundamentals or Advanced program, tailored to your experience level. Feel free to contact us if you have any questions!

 SIGN UP FOR A FREE CLASS

 ### kids & Teens Our kids' classes are designed to build discipline, confidence, and physical fitness through engaging Jiu-Jitsu training. Offered for various age groups, our programs provide a fun and supportive environment to help young students develop valuable skills.

 Check our schedule for available classes!

 ### No gi Our No-Gi Submission Grappling program is designed for experienced practitioners, focusing on grappling without the traditional gi. Multiple classes are available,

 check our schedule for more details

 ### women Our seasonal women-only classes are open to all levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Follow us on social media to stay informed about upcoming classes and events!

 Facebook Instagram

 ### Takedown This all-levels class focuses on developing a strong stand-up game by blending effective techniques from Judo, wrestling, and BJJ. You'll work on takedowns that apply to both gi and no-gi, while improving your timing, control, and confidence on the feet. Whether you're new or experienced, this class will help expand your takedown skills with a well-rounded, practical approach.

 Check our schedule for available classes!

 ## What are people saying?

 ## The Mavericks Experience

 Read why they chose to stay, and grow with us.

 ## IN-PERSON Brazilian jiu-jitsu classes

 ## schedule

 ## Contact us

 ## Join the Mavericks Family

 We invite you to become part of our growing community , whether in our academy in Laredo, Texas, or through our online courses.

 Check Our In- Person Schedule

 Join Mavericks BJJ Online

 Facebook Instagram Map-marker-alt Envelope Phone-alt

 ## Mavericks Jiu-Jitsu Academy– Forge Your Own Path.

 ## Proud affiliate of

 ### Get In Touch

 - 2324 Jacaman Rd., Ste 104, Laredo, TX

 - mavericks.bjj@gmail.com

 - +1 (956) 324 3365

 - Mavericks Brazilian Jiujitsu

 - @mavericks_bjj

 ### Quicklinks

 - Home - About Us - In-Person Classes - In-Person Class Schedule - Try a Free In-Person Class! - Online BJJ - Contact Us

 Copyright © 2025. All rights reserved. Site created by AMX Marketing y Publicidad Digital.

 Privacy Notice
