---
source_url: https://renzograciejiujitsudfw.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://renzograciejiujitsudfw.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:01.319Z
---

## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 ### Kids (3-8) Jiu Jitsu Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program for ages 3-8 focuses on developing essential motor skills, coordination, and confidence in a fun and engaging way. Through playful exercises and basic Gracie Self Defense and BJJ techniques, children learn the importance of teamwork, discipline, and respect. Our highly experienced instructors ensure that each class is safe, supportive, and super fun for our youngest students.
 ### Kids (9-12) Jiu Jitsu For children aged 9-12, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program offers a more structured approach to learning Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu (BJJ). In this program, students build on the foundational skills developed, focusing on technique, strategy, and physical fitness. Our kids Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu & Self Defense classes foster a positive & supportive environment where every single child will develop more confidence, self-discipline, perseverance, and problem-solving skills while making new friends and having fun.

 ### Adults (13+) Jiu Jitsu Our Adult Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu program welcomes male and female students ages 13 and up. And delivers a world class, dynamic and fun way to learn BJJ. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced practitioner, our classes are designed to ensure all students of all levels, learn, progress, and develop with every single class they take. Our highly experiences Professors and Instructors help you improve your technique. And increase your fitness levels while acquiring a deeper understanding of the art of Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu. TRY A FREE WEEK! Including ALL PROGRAMS and become part of our Renzo Gracie DFW family. By joining like-minded individuals who will become some of your closest friends on the mat, and off the mat in everyday life.
 ### Gi & No Gi Jiu Jitsu At Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW, we offer both Gi and No Gi Jiu Jitsu classes to provide a well-rounded training experience. We are open 7 days a week and provide our students with one of the most abundant and wide range of classes even on Sundays. Gi Jiu Jitsu focuses on traditional, as well as modern Jiu Jitsu techniques. Using the kimono, emphasizing grips, chokes, and joint locks. No Gi Jiu Jitsu, on the other hand, involves training without relying on the kimono. Focusing more on speed, agility, and submission grappling holds. Both styles complement each other and offer unique benefits to enhance your overall skillset, which you can develop 7 days a week and even take multiple classes per day if you would like.

 ### Fundamentals Jiu Jitsu Our Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu fundamentals program consists of 8 week cycles where we cover 1 essential position with multiple techniques every week for 8 weeks. This is a truly unique and incredibly effective method of teaching beginners and those who want to solidify their understanding of the very basics focusing on technique. The fundamentals classes at 11am and 6pm consist of an excellent warm up, technicuqe and positional (i.e., specific) training with NO LIVE SPARRING. We teach essential fundamental techniques, positions, and concepts that form the foundation of your Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu. Emphasis is placed on understanding the position, identifying the correct technique to solve the problem so that you can improve your position through proper movement and application of taught techniques. Safety of our students is an absolute priority for our instructors so that they can safely build a strong and reliable foundation and skillset that they will use for life. This program is ideal for new students to gain confidence and prepare for more advanced training and is also great for intermediate and advanced students who want to polish their fundamentals.
 ### Intermediate & Advanced Jiu Jitsu The Intermediate & Advanced Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu program is designed for practitioners who have a more solid grasp of the fundamentals and have more experience training BJJ. These classes are for those who are ready to take their training to the next level. These classes delve deeper into advanced techniques, strategies, and live sparring sessions. Students are encouraged to learn new techniques and skills, to develop their own style of BJJ, and to safely push their own limits and their training partners in a challenging, safe and supportive environment alongside some truly great people and friends. Our Professors have an incredibly high level of knowledge and experience in Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu, Self Defense as well as in the highest world class levels of modern Jiu Jitsu you see utilized in ADCC, IBJJF, WNO, and professional Jiu Jitsu events world wide.

 ## FREE WEEK - ALL PROGRAMS We invite you to come and TRY A FREE WEEK, which includes ALL PROGRAMS for Kids, Teens and Adults.

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Week Trial! ×

 ### FREE WEEK TRIAL - ALL PROGRAMS!CONTACT US TODAY! ##### Are you interested in joining our Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW family? We invite kids, teens & adults from the local Mid Cities Communities of Colleyville, Bedford, Euless, as well as North Richland Hills, Fort Worth, Southlake, Keller and beyond to learn Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu and Self Defense just south of Mid Cities Boulevard & Grapevine Highway intersection right here in Hurst, Texas. We invite you to come and TRY A FREE WEEK . Trial includes all programs for all ages. We also offer discounts for:
 - Families - Law Enforcement - First Responders - Active Military and Veterans - and much more

 (817) 670-1739
 renzograciedfw@gmail.com
 420 Grapevine Hwy, Suite 118, Hurst, TX, 76054
 Get Directions

 ### Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu DFW 420 Grapevine Hwy, Suite 118, Hurst, TX, 76054
 Get Directions
