---
source_url: https://www.arlingtontx.gov/News-Articles/2025/August/Fall-Impact-Learning-Series-Classes-Scheduled
final_url: https://www.arlingtontx.gov/News-Articles/2025/August/Fall-Impact-Learning-Series-Classes-Scheduled
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:36.777Z
---

opens in new tab or window
 ### Sign up for MyArlingtonTX News Stay informed with this twice-weekly e-newsletter sent right to your inbox.
 Sign Up Here
 Close this announcement

 Skip to main content
 # Fall Impact Learning Series Classes Scheduled Published on August 12, 2025
 Due to the success of the launch of Arlington Tomorrow Foundation’s Impact Learning Series earlier this year, additional classes have been scheduled this fall.
 The Impact Learning Series is an innovative program to provide free, high-impact workshops and trainings to strengthen Arlington’s nonprofit network.
 To ensure these sessions are fully available to the local nonprofit sector, the Arlington Tomorrow Foundation board has committed to underwriting all costs associated with the Impact Learning Series. Throughout this year, nonprofit board members, staff and volunteers have been e invited to participate in a range of capacity-building workshops, lunch and learn sessions, community networking events all designed to support the different areas that are critical for nonprofits long-term sustainability and growth.
 Learn more about the Impact Learning Series
 ## Arlington Tomorrow Foundation Impact Learning Series Fall Classes Follow the Arlington Tomorrow Foundation's Facebook page for updates and registration information on these planned events. For more information, email Carolyn.Mentesana@arlingtontx.gov .
 ### Brew, Bagels & Benefit: Year-End Close for Nonprofits Date: Sept. 12, 2025: 9:30 to 11 a.m.
 Location: Arlington Human Services Building, 501 W. Sanford St., Arlington, TX 76011
 Wrap up your year end with confidence! Join SFC and Arlington Tomorrow Foundation for a free class designed to walk nonprofit professionals through a step-by-step year-end close and checklist process. Perfect for accounting staff and nonprofit leadership looking to streamline the financial wrap-up. We’ll focus on common trouble spots like pledges, special events, and in-kind donations to help you close the year with accuracy and confidence.
 Register for Brew, Bagels & Benefit
 ### From Good to Great: Elevating Nonprofit Board Governance Date: Sept. 27, 2025: 9 a.m. to 2 p.m.
 Location: ACTIV, 2061 W. Green Oaks Blvd., Arlington, TX 76013
 Nonprofit boards play a critical role in organizational success, but strong governance requires more than just good intentions. This interactive workshop will help nonprofit leaders and board members understand their roles and responsibilities, improve board dynamics, and implement governance best practices. Through real-world case studies and hands-on exercises, participants will walk away with actionable steps to strengthen their governance practices and enhance their board effectiveness.
 Register for From Good to Great
 ### Muffins & Momentum: Show Me the Money! Grant Funding Sources Uncovered Date: Oct. 9, 2025: 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.
 Location: Arlington Human Services Building, 501 W. Sanford St., Arlington, TX 76011
 Have you ever wondered where all these grant funds are hiding? The Arlington Tomorrow Foundation invites you to a fast-paced, practical training led by an expert from the City of Arlington’s Grants Management Department—designed specifically for local nonprofits ready to level up their funding game. We’ll walk you through exactly where to look for grants—websites, databases, foundations, and public agencies—and how to tell if an opportunity is truly right for your organization
 Register for Muffins & Momentum
 ### Grub & Grow: Happily Ever After: Telling Your Unique Story as a Nonprofit Date: Oct. 24, 2025: 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
 Location: ACTIV, 2061 W. Green Oaks Blvd., Arlington, TX 76013
 In this hands-on workshop, we share best practices on how you can get your story heard. We begin by explaining why storytelling works and how marketers use it effectively. Then we share proven strategies, tools and templates to evaluate your existing marketing efforts, construct stories that “stick,” and build a storytelling culture in your nonprofit.
 Register for Grub & Grow
 ### Chat & Chew: Fundraising for Sustainable Growth Date: Nov. 18, 2025: 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.
 Location: Arlington Human Services Building, 501 W. Sanford St., Arlington, TX 76011
 In this interactive session, participants will explore the components of sustainable fundraising and how they support long-term impact. You'll assess the strengths and opportunities in your organization, then explore practical tools to take your fundraising to the next level. You’ll leave with clear next steps to align your fundraising with your capacity, clarify your case for support, and set realistic goals that grow with you.
 Register for Chat & Chew

 Tagged as: - Arlington Tomorrow Foundation

 Back to top
