---
source_url: https://www.arlingtontx.gov/Parks-Places/Facilities/Recreation-Centers/Elzie-Odom-Athletic-Center
final_url: https://www.arlingtontx.gov/Parks-Places/Facilities/Recreation-Centers/Elzie-Odom-Athletic-Center
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:37.512Z
---

opens in new tab or window
 ### Sign up for MyArlingtonTX News Stay informed with this twice-weekly e-newsletter sent right to your inbox.
 Sign Up Here
 Close this announcement

 Skip to main content
 # Elzie Odom Athletic Center Located along the Trinity River, the Elzie Odom Athletic Center is a multi-purpose facility designed to meet the athletic and recreational needs of Arlington residents and visitors. Opened in April 1999, the center offers a wide selection of classes, sports leagues, camps and fitness. Additionally, the center is open for reservations during and after business hours. Center rooms including the two gymnasiums and sports arena, may be rented for private parties, sporting events, meetings or banquets.
 Elzie Odom is a 60,000 square foot facility located at 1601 N.E. Green Oaks and is open seven days a week for sports leagues, class instruction and walk-in use. A fully equipped weight room is also available for a small monthly fee. The center is located next to River Legacy Parks East which features picnic tables, playground, bike & hike trails and a practice field. For center hours of operation and current programs, please call Elzie Odom Athletic Center at 817-459-6434. The Center is named after Arlington's former mayor, Elzie Odom. It is in the spirit of his leadership and magnetism that this building is named.
 ## Features - Four multi-purpose rooms used for martial arts, gymnastics, aerobics, and various sports classes. - Two 6,660 square foot gymnasiums with six basketball goals and two volleyball courts in each. - Fitness room with Nautilus weight machines, elliptical trainers, plate loaded equipment, Stairmasters, treadmills, recumbent bikes, free weights and squat racks. Personal trainers are also available. - Rock climbing wall for classes, private instruction, and rentals. - Sports arena for classes, open skate night, in-line hockey leagues, indoor soccer, and rentals. - Complete men's and women's locker rooms with shower facilities. - Professional staff to assist with information and equipment check out.

 ## 360 Tour Go inside the Elzie Recreation Center!

 ## Memberships Must be 18+ to sign for membership or day pass. A day pass is $8 and gives you Gold member access.
 ### Memberships Available Blue
 - Basketball Gym - Open & Lap Swim - Splash Pad - Skating
 Green
 - Fitness Equipment - Basketball Gym - Track - Open & Lap Swim - Splash Pad - Skating
 Gold
 - Instructor-led Classes - Kids Club - Fitness Equipment - Basketball Gym - Track - Open & Lap Swim - Splash Pad - Skating
 Please note, some amenities are not available at all centers, but you can visit another center for access.
 ### Prices The following prices are auto-draft rate. +$8 a month for month to month option.
 Category + Ages | Blue | Green | Gold Youth 3-12Y | Resident: $10 Non-Resident: $13 | N/A | Resident: $17 Non-Resident: $22 Teen 13-17Y | Resident: $12 Non-Resident: $15 | Resident: $17 Non-Resident: $22 | Resident: $22 Non-Resident: $28 Young Adult 18-25Y | Resident: $14 Non-Resident: $18 | Resident: $19 Non-Resident: $24 | Resident: $27 Non-Resident: $35 Adult 26-59Y | Resident: $16 Non-Resident: $20 | Resident: $20 Non-Resident: $26 | Resident: $32 Non-Resident: $41 Senior 60-79Y | Resident: $5 Non-Resident: $10 | Resident: $18 Non-Resident: $26 | Resident: $26 Non-Resident: $33 Super Senior 80Y+ | See Gold | See Gold | Resident: $2 Non-Resident: $5 Family 2-5 Members | Resident: $35 Non-Resident: $45 | Resident: $52 Non-Resident: $67 | Resident: $72 Non-Resident: $93 Kids Club 0-9Y | $2/Child Drop In | $2/Child Drop In | Included (4 Kids Max)
 ### General Rules - In order to participate in programs, open gym or weight room, all participants must have and present a current Annual Membership Card. - A valid photo ID and proof of address must be presented at the time any membership or pass is purchased. - Children under the age of 10 must be supervised by a guardian 15 or older. This guardian must have a valid membership.
 ### Conduct - Disruptive behavior is not tolerated at any time. Proper language etiquette and respect are expected at all times.
 ### Attire - Appropriate attire must be worn at all times. Shirts and shoes must be worn while in the facility. - Closed toe shoes are required in the weight room and gymnasium.
 ### Food & Drink - Open containers are welcome in the lobby of our facility. Only water and sports drinks may be taken into the fitness room, and gym.

 ## Programs and Events Elzie Odom Athletic Center has a diverse programming schedule of both youth and adult activities to meet the recreational needs of Arlington residents and visitors. Click the link below for a full list of upcoming programs or call the center for more info.
 Programs and Events Schedule
 ### Sports Elzie Odom Athletic Center is the City of Arlington's youth and adult sports hub. For more information on sports leagues, visit arlingtonsports.net .

 ## Rentals Are you having a family reunion in Arlington? Does your church outing need a gymnasium, or would you like to treat your teenager and his/her friends to a party? How about an employee training session, organizational meeting, baby shower or birthday party? Elzie Odom Athletic Center is available for all types of reservations. Rooms may be rented seven days a week during business hours when center activities are not scheduled, and after business hours.
 - Gymnasium (half or full) - Arena - Burn Room - Rangers Room (fitness studio) - Sidekicks Room - Stars Room (half or full) - Outback Room - Climbing Wall (half or full)

 ## Location 1601 NE Green Oaks Boulevard, Arlington, TX 76006 View Map
 Skip to below map
 32.7822068,-97.08757340000001
 1601 NE Green Oaks Boulevard , Arlington, TX 76006
 1601 NE Green Oaks Boulevard , Arlington, TX 76006

 Elzie Odom Athletic Center

 Skip to above map
 Suitable for: - Parties & Celebration - Meetings - Indoor Sports - Group Fitness & Dance

 ## Venue Snapshot ### Features - Fully Staffed Facility - Meeting Rooms - Air Conditioned - Meeting Tables and Chairs - Function Tables and Chairs - Parking

 ### Capacity 250 - 499

 ### Contact 817-459-6434
 ### Hours Monday - Friday
 6 a.m. - 9 p.m.

 Saturday
 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.

 Sunday
 12 p.m. - 6 p.m.

 ## Conduct Policy - Facility Conduct Policy(PDF, 64KB) - Facility Conduct Policy En Espanol(PDF, 59KB) - Recreation and Athletic Center Usage Waiver(PDF, 52KB)(PDF, 53KB) - Recreation and Athletic Center Usage Waiver En Espanol(PDF, 53KB)

 Back to top
