---
source_url: http://subzerobjj.com
final_url: https://subzerobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:26.433Z
---

# SUB ZERO ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu | Buffalo NY ### Jiu Jitsu Classes For All Ages And Skill Levels FREE CLASS

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu | Buffalo NY Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Buffalo New York is the best the greater Buffalo area has to offer. We strive to create a welcoming and empowering space for individuals of all ages and skill levels.
 In today's modern, sedentary world, maintaining good mental health and physical well-being is a challenge. The need for effective ways to stay fit, reduce stress, and boost confidence has never been greater. That's where Sub Zero comes in. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offers a multitude of benefits, including:

 #### Self Defense Training
 #### Increased Self Confidence
 #### Improved Coordination
 #### Full Body Workout
 #### Self Discipline & Patience
 #### Focus & Concentration

 FREE CLASS
 ## JOIN A THRIVING LOCAL COMMUNITY Join a community of people who love Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Hamburg New York and the Buffalo NY area. We are a group of all ages and skill levels that enjoys friendly competition and thrives on reaching our full potential. Whether you are looking to compete or just want to get in shape, we offer a variety of classes to fit your needs. Our instructors are dedicated to helping you achieve your goals and will work with you every step of the way.
 See our studio calendar for the schedule of all our upcoming competitions, open mats, classes and more.
 Studio Calendar

 ## How To Become A Member
 #### STEP 1 Sign up for your free Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class online with our simple sign-up form . We offer a variety of classes for all ages and skill levels. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us and we will be happy to help.

 #### STEP 2 Come to our brand new, modern martial arts studio located in Hamburg New York and meet our friendly staff and thriving community.

 #### STEP 3 Experience the many benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and see why it is one of the fastest growing martial arts in the world. We can't wait to see you on the mat!

 ## Top Buffalo NY Jiu Jitsu Studio and Training Facility Experience 1200 sq. ft. of sanitized mat space in Buffalo's leading Jiu Jitsu studio. We serve the communities of the greater Buffalo NY region including Buffalo, Hamburg, West Seneca, Lackawanna, Orchard Park, Cheektowaga, Depew, Lancaster, Elma, Eden and Boston.

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Sub Zero Martial Arts Calendar
 ## Customer Reviews - Cari Tomlinson Had a great time at my first class! Super welcoming and saw a family with small kids and parents learning together which I thought was cool. Can't wait to go back! - Jeffrey Kraska Amazing jiu jitsu, great technique, and a great atmosphere! If your considering training jiu jitsu, this is the place! - Xavier Stutz Amazing community vibe with the most up to date meta in the jiu jitsu world. Free open mats for all 10-12 sundays come train! - Ry Baldwin World class instruction from instructors with real passion for jiu jitsu. Come and learn from some of the best in Buffalo! - Joseph Ryan Experienced grappler from out of town here. Came for open mat and everyone was friendly. Wasn't treated like an outsider. Thanks guys! - Paul Rossi Super Welcoming and Experienced coaching staff. Great vibe in general. So glad I found this place.

 ## Pricing For SubZero Membership ### Adults - Free Trial (3 classes) - Unlimited Class Membership - Cancel Anytime - 10% discount for active military/law enforcement
 Only
 $130/Month
 ### Kids - Free Trial (3 classes) - Unlimited Class Membership - Cancel Anytime - $50/month off per additional family member
 Only
 $100/Month

 FREE CLASS

 ## Contact Us We welcome first time guests at any skill level! We offer our first 3 classes for free. Come visit us today to see if Sub Zero Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is right for you. We are located in Hamburg, NY and serve the greater Buffalo area.
 #### ADDRESS Sub Zero Jiu Jitsu
 1 Memorial Drive
 Hamburg, NY 14075
 #### Hours Monday-Friday: Noon - 8pm
 Saturday: 9am - 1pm
 Sunday: 10am - Noon

 ## Sign Up Here Here at Sub Zero Jiu Jitsu, we offer your first 3 classes 100% free! Fill out the form below to get started now.
 Instagram This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Name (Required) First Last
 Email (Required) Enter Email Confirm Email
 Phone
 Experience Level (Required) Let us know your experience level to best match you with the class for you.
 Kids
 Beginner Adult
 Advanced Adult

 Comments Anything else you'd like us to know about you or questions or may have?
