---
source_url: http://www.ashevilleselfdefense.com
final_url: https://ashevilleselfdefense.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:21.381Z
---

828-400-2889
 # JUNG KWON MARTIAL ARTs ACADEMY/ ASHEVILLE SELF DEFENSE JUNG KWON MARTIAL ARTs ACADEMY/ ASHEVILLE SELF DEFENSE JUNG KWON MARTIAL ARTs ACADEMY/ ASHEVILLE SELF DEFENSE JUNG KWON MARTIAL ARTs ACADEMY/ ASHEVILLE SELF DEFENSE

 Learn More

 ## The Power of Martial Arts: Begin your journey here!
 - - - - - - - - - - - -

 Kids do the same training as the adults here.

 ## ADULT, CERTIFED, PROFESSIONAL INSTRUCTORS IN EVERY CLASS #### Asheville Self Defense Asheville Self Defense is a non-commercial, traditional martial arts school. We are cited as being 'the only authentic source of 'Old-School' Chung Do Kwan style self-defense training in North Carolina' (USKF HOF, 2016). Veteran-owned and family-operated since 2011, we offer unlimited class attendance with personalized training, adult instructors and lots of free add-on training opportunities.

 ## Start Training with US Today! #### New Journeys #### New Experiences #### New Experiences
 See those three in the photo? The summer they each started martial arts 25 years ago, they were just looking for something to do.

 They never even expected to become Black Belts, let alone imagine what they actually did. One became a fierce pro-am competitor. Two of them coached a team to Gold and Silver Medals in international competition. All 3 improved their employment, through better self-confidence, more worldly experiences, and a stronger personal presence.

 And NONE of them ever expected to be among the founders of a pioneering new school 12 years later! And none of them ever expected to become good enough to be recruited to do a professional photo expedition to a mountaintop at sunset!

 #### New Experiences #### New Experiences #### New Experiences
 The new experiences coming your way are not even close to what you think they might be!

 From meeting and training with old-time USA/World Karate, Hapkido and Taekwondo champions, to attending large weekend seminars with martial arts champions and Grandmasters, to travelling around the country competing in 10 different martial arts styles... it's been exciting!

 6 of our Black Belts have been inducted into the US Kido Black Belt Hall Of Fame, and 4 have been honored at the AMAA 'Who's Who In Martial Arts' Awards.

 None of us ever expected any of that - we just started out wanting to learn something fun, and to get into shape!

 #### New You! #### New Experiences #### New You!
 Our program will help you control or even beat many health problems (we routinely have members with AFIB, Arthritis, ADHD, Asthma, Osteoporosis, Scoliosis, Vertigo or PTSD). They're all building denser bones, stronger muscles, improving endurance, balance and flexibility, developing faster reflexes - and much more.

 You'll find mental and emotional benefits to this program as well. Our unique approach to training, combined with the inherent health attributes of classical Chung Do Kwan create a great health and wellness regimen for you.

 We founded this school to make a difference. We chose classical Chung Do Kwan because it demonstrates superior progress in it's practitioners.

 ## UNLIMITED OPPORTUNITIES FOR YOU! #### FREE VIP and Specialty Classes! #### Challenge Yourself! It's Fun, Rewarding, and Exciting! #### Challenge Yourself! It's Fun, Rewarding, and Exciting!
 MOST OF THE THINGS YOU'D PAY (A LOT) FOR ELSEWHERE ARE FREE HERE.

 BLACK BELT CLUB, MASTERS CLUB, REGISTRATION FEES, AND LOTS MORE - THOSE THINGS DON'T COST YOU ANYTHING HERE, AND OUR PRICES ARE STILL BETTER!

 PEOPLE WHO CAME HERE FROM OTHER SCHOOLS TELL US THEY ARE SAVING AS MUCH AS $2,400 A YEAR - AND GETTING BETTER TRAINING. BUT YOU DON'T

 Show More
 MOST OF THE THINGS YOU'D PAY (A LOT) FOR ELSEWHERE ARE FREE HERE.

 BLACK BELT CLUB, MASTERS CLUB, REGISTRATION FEES, AND LOTS MORE - THOSE THINGS DON'T COST YOU ANYTHING HERE, AND OUR PRICES ARE STILL BETTER!

 PEOPLE WHO CAME HERE FROM OTHER SCHOOLS TELL US THEY ARE SAVING AS MUCH AS $2,400 A YEAR - AND GETTING BETTER TRAINING. BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO TAKE OUR WORD FOR IT - YOU CAN ASK THEM YOURSELF!

 Show Less
 Learn more

 #### Challenge Yourself! It's Fun, Rewarding, and Exciting! #### Challenge Yourself! It's Fun, Rewarding, and Exciting! #### Challenge Yourself! It's Fun, Rewarding, and Exciting!
 Some of our students like to compete. They excel, with hundreds of medals in 10 styles! Above, Blue Belt mom, Candace, defeated two black belts for the Gold at the 2023 Hendersonville Karate Open. Her teen son often competes with her.

 Since we are not a competition school, you might wonder if our training is up to par....

 Two of our studen

 Show More
 Some of our students like to compete. They excel, with hundreds of medals in 10 styles! Above, Blue Belt mom, Candace, defeated two black belts for the Gold at the 2023 Hendersonville Karate Open. Her teen son often competes with her.

 Since we are not a competition school, you might wonder if our training is up to par....

 Two of our students earned Gold and Silver at the Pan Am Games; over 2 dozen of our students have qualified for the US Nationals; we hold over 40 NC State Games Gold and Silver medals in TKD and Karate, and the total number of medals and trophies our small teams have won is currently at 577+, in 10 different martial arts, over 5 states!

 Show Less
 Learn more

 #### Train Hard, Stay Safe, Have A Blast! #### Challenge Yourself! It's Fun, Rewarding, and Exciting! #### Train Hard, Stay Safe, Have A Blast!
 Our unique program has been cited for its 15-year superior record of safety and clean professionalism. That's a testament to our thoughtful instructors, a dedication to integrity, and our decision to create a results- and goals-oriented non-commercial program. It's a rewarding, drama-free environment. Our students thrive, and have way more fun than they expected!

 ## Social

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
