---
source_url: https://www.cryptojiujitsu.com/courses/crypto-kids
final_url: https://www.cryptojiujitsu.com/courses/crypto-kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:30.299Z
---

Call: (520) 789-6412

 SIGN UP TODAY!
 SHOP MERCHANDISE

 Crypto Kids®

 # Crypto Kids®

 ## Instill Your Child With Unshakable Confidence
 ### Prepare Your Child to Defend Themselves Against Bullies Without Turning Them Into One

 Every month in the United States, three million children miss school due to fear of bullies. In the Crypto Kids Programs, our goal is to instill your child with unshakable confidence so they can overcome bullies without violence.

 We will teach your child to use verbal assertiveness to deter bullies and several non-violent self-defense techniques to stay safe if physically assaulted. Importantly, we don’t teach how to punch or kick, since this often does more harm than good. Instead, we use leverage-based control holds to neutralize threats without violence.

 If you’re interested in instilling your child with unshakable confidence while reinforcing positive values and good character, the Crypto Kids programs are for you! Even if your child has previously tried Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) and had a negative experience, we can assure you that they will absolutely love our Crypto Kids programs!

 #### Perfect Programs for Every Age
 Crypto Jiu Jitsu youth programs are dynamic, fun and truly groundbreaking. Our program is divided into two phases: phase one focuses on anti-bullying strategies, verbal and self confidence, physical fitness, health and financial literacy through the holistic use, knowledge and understanding of cryptocurrencies. The advanced youth programs build on the lessons learned in phase one and incorporate Jiu Jitsu vs Jiu Jitsu concepts. Youth learn Jitsu Jitsu through a variety of scenario based situations, live training drills, and Jiu Jitsu games. We offer home school credit and best of all, no experience is required.

 ### List of Services - Lil Bits (4-7 Years Old) The Lil Bits program is for kids 4-7 years old (we offer private lessons for children ages 3-4). Using our time-tested “Crypto Games,” we teach the Lil Bits basic self-defense techniques while instilling the foundational principles of leverage and control. The secret to the success of this program is that we make the lessons so fun that the kids beg for more! Once a child masters all ten Crypto Games, they advance to the Big Bits program. Item Link List Item 1 - Big Bits (8-12 Years Old) In the Big Bits program, we focus on 33 non-violent self-defense techniques that teach children to “neutralize and negotiate” with the bullies. Verbal assertiveness strategies are a major portion of this curriculum. A child needs absolutely no experience to start, and we guarantee a noticeable increase in your child’s confidence within a few weeks! Item Link - Blockchain Club (Invitation Only) We invite children who excel in the Big Bits program to join the Blockchain Club. This is our most advanced youth jiu-jitsu program and joining the Blockchain Club is the highest honor for any youth Crypto Jiu-Jitsu practitioner. Kids in this program possess all the traits necessary for success on the path to black belt: discipline, respect, courage, leadership, loyalty, and compassion. Item Link

 ## Lil Bits Course Details (Age 4-7)
 Our Crypto Kids: Lil Bits (4-7) program is designed to introduce our youngest students to Jiu Jitsu and help build coordination. The curriculum includes fun, fast-paced games and interactive drills to teach Jiu Jitsu movements to ensure a strong foundation and a greater understanding of Jiu Jitsu. Instructors also promote and reinforce strong core values to students in chapter focus character development program.

 ### Program Goals
 - Build Confidence - Learn Self Control - Build Instructor and Student Respect - Increase Coordination and Focus

 ### Curriculum Focus
 - Self-Defense - Jiu-Jitsu Games - Anti-bullying Training - Verbal Jiu-Jitsu - Physical Training

 ## Big Bits Course Details (Age 8-12)
 Our Crypto Kids: Big Bits (8-12) program is designed to introduce our new kids students to Jiu Jitsu and help build self-Confidence to defend themselves physically and verbally. The curriculum includes fun, interactive drills to teach Jiu Jitsu movements to ensure strong foundation and a greater understanding go Jiu Jitsu and self defense. Instructors also promote and reinforce strong core values to students in a chapter focus character development program.

 ### Program Goals
 - Build Confidence - Learn Self Control - Build Instructor and Student Respect - Increase Coordination and Focus

 ### Curriculum Focus
 - Self-Defense - Overview of all beginner positions and techniques - Jiu-Jitsu Games - Anti-bullying Training - Explanation of core concepts and ideas - Verbal Jiu-Jitsu - Physical Training

 ## Blockchain Club Course Details (Advanced Kids)
 Our Blockchain Club Advanced Kids program is for the most focused and serious kids interested in Jiu Jitsu. These kids have a matured and focused need to learn the most advanced techniques. Most students in this program have participated and graduated from other kids programs.

 ### Program Goals
 - Build Instructor and Student Respect - Increase Coordination and Focus - Understand Jiu Jitsu techniques in great detail

 ### Curriculum Focus
 - Self-Defense - Overview of all advanced positions and techniques - Explanation of core concepts and ideas - Jiu-Jitsu Sparring

 ## Start Today With a10 Day Free Trial
 ###### Most BJJ schools limit new students to one free trial class. We offer new students a 10-day risk-free trial that includes a free uniform and unlimited access to all of our beginner group classes. We’re confident that the curriculum, the camaraderie, and quality of the instruction will exceed all your expectations. If that’s not the case, just let us know, and we will never charge you a penny (all we ask is that you return the free uniform that we provide you). To take advantage of our 10 Day Free Trial, simply contact the front desk and we will schedule you for your first class!
 SIGN UP NOW

 ### Over 20 Classes Available Each Month
 View Class Schedule ### Additional Course Benefits
 ##### Free Online Access & Satellite Training Privileges
 Upon enrolling at Crypto Jiu-Jitsu Academy you will receive free access to Redline Online. Through our online platform, you will have access to detailed video instruction on every technique in the course enabling you to study the lessons on any computer or mobile device 24 hours a day!

 ##### Contact
 (520) 789-6412

 SIGN UP NOW
 ##### Hours
 Monday Closed
 Tuesday 11:00 am - 1:30 pm 5:30 pm - 9:30 pm
 Wednesday 8:30 am - 1:00 pm 4:15 pm - 9:00 pm
 Thursday 7:30 am - 8:30 pm
 Friday 11:00 am - 1:00 pm 4:15 pm - 8:30 pm
 Saturday 9:00 am - 2:30 pm
 Sunday Closed

 ##### Location
 10250 N 91st Ave,
 Peoria, AZ 85345

 MAP
 ##### Sponsored By:

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved Acme Co.

 Terms | Privacy | Contact

 CRYPTO.COM PAY – U.S. MERCHANT TERMS & CONDITIONS.

 Site Design by Justin's Web Design

 Share by:
