---
source_url: https://www.cryptojiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.cryptojiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:30.359Z
---

Call: (520) 789-6412

 SIGN UP TODAY!
 SHOP MERCHANDISE

 ##### We accept a Bitcoin and Crypto Currencies

 ##### Home School Credit Available

 ##### We are a partner with the WE DEFY organization supporting veterans with PTSD.

 ## 10 Day Free Trial
 #### Most BJJ schools limit new students to one free trial class. We offer new students a 10-day risk-free trial and unlimited access to all of our beginner group classes.
 SIGN UP NOW

 ## Are you curious about how your 10 Day Free Trial works?
 Book a live demo to get a walkthrough of the process.

 ## Our Courses

 ### Crypto Basics® Learn the 36 core techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in our beginner program for adults.

 Learn More

 ### SHE’S TRENDING® She’s Trending is the official Crypto self-defense program for women and will teach you how to neutralize the 25 most common attacks by assailants.

 Learn More

 ### CRYPTO KIDS® In the Crypto Kids program our goal is to instill your child with unshakable confidence so they can overcome bullies without violence.

 Lean More

 ### ADVANCED CRYPTO® Advanced Crypto teaches Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu advanced techniques organized into a clearly defined systematic curriculum.

 Learn More

 ### LAW ENFORCEMENT Crypto Survival Tactics (CST) is a defensive tactics system based on Crypto Jiu-Jitsu designed to help officers humanely prevail against larger and stronger opponents.

 Learn More

 ## Six Things Every Student Should Know...

 1. Respect everything and everyone at the Academy

 2. Ask questions every chance you get

 3. Arrive 10-15 minutes early to class

 4. Wash your gi after every class

 5. Learn from everyone and share with everyone

 6. Introduce your friends to Crypto Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Our Trainers

 ### KEVIN CRYPTO KIDS®

 Kevin started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in 2020 and immediately fell in love and knew he wanted to teach this amazing art, transform lives and positively impact his community. He is the primary kids fundamental class instructor and always brings high energy, patience and fun to make learning simple and enjoyable for our youth.

 Button

 ### TYRONE CRYPTO BASICS, ADVANCED CRYPTO

 Tyrone “Ty”, is a Crypto Jiu Jitsu Brown Belt and certified instructor under Ryron and Rener Gracie. Ty is a military veteran and has traveled the world spreading the knowledge of Jiu Jitsu with children, women, men, law enforcement and military since 2011. His systematic approach to teaching, experience, patience and world experiences allow him to teach anyone of any skill level or ability. He is the perfect Jiu Jitsu and self defense instructor for you!

 Button

 ### SON CRYPTO BASICS, ADVANCED CRYPTO

 Son started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in 2020 and immediately fell in love and knew he wanted to teach this amazing art, transform lives and positively impact his community. He is the primary adult fundamental class instructor and always brings great details and patience to make learning simple for everyone, regardless of fitness level or athletic ability.

 Button

 ##### Contact
 (520) 789-6412

 SIGN UP NOW
 ##### Hours
 Monday Closed
 Tuesday 11:00 am - 1:30 pm 5:30 pm - 9:30 pm
 Wednesday 8:30 am - 1:00 pm 4:15 pm - 9:00 pm
 Thursday 7:30 am - 8:30 pm
 Friday 11:00 am - 1:00 pm 4:15 pm - 8:30 pm
 Saturday 9:00 am - 2:30 pm
 Sunday Closed

 ##### Location
 10250 N 91st Ave,
 Peoria, AZ 85345

 MAP
 ##### Sponsored By:

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved Acme Co.

 Terms | Privacy | Contact

 CRYPTO.COM PAY – U.S. MERCHANT TERMS & CONDITIONS.

 Site Design by Justin's Web Design

 Share by:
