---
source_url: https://agogetrained.com/jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://agogetrained.com/jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:45.775Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Agoge Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a system —it’s a set of principles, rules, and techniques that enables a smaller and weaker person to defeat bigger, stronger, and faster opponents.

 ‍ Agoge students learn how to:
 ‍ ‍
 ‍ » Escape pins and submissions with ease
 ‍ » Gain full control over another human body regardless of size
 ‍ » Apply holds, strangles, and joint locks in a series of dilemmas
 ‍ » Use offensive cycles to dominate fights via closed loops

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu works beautifully for a wide variety of age ranges, body types, strength, and experience levels. Kids, adults, and grandparents. Busy professionals, and pro athletes.

 Apply to Join

 ## Success Starts with Defense ### Build Immunity to worst-case scenarios
 Apply Now

 ## Our Method ...

 Principles Techniques ST&O
 ### Principles Principles are your compass. They have goals, objectives, and instructions built into them. They tell you what to do, when to do it, and why you should do it. If you know the answers to these questions, it’s easier to achieve success. Here’s a brief look at a few of the basic principles we use in Jiu Jitsu:
 Use Base , Posture , and Framing to control alignment

 Always prioritize movement from defensive to offensive cycles

 Use frames and levers to claim inside position

 Force opponents into positions where they’re forced to carry bodyweight

 Position » Control » Submission

 Use your bodyweight to create an asymmetrical work rate

 Movement is the enemy of pins and submissions

 ### Techniques Most people are technique chasers ; they add lots of techniques to their list, but rarely master any of them. We focus on a small number of high-percentage techniques—the same techniques used at the highest levels of our sport. We prioritize techniques that allow us to:
 Choose the right set of pins, passes, escapes, and submissions

 Learn to identify opportunities and act on them immediately

 Immerse ourselves in these high percentage techniques

 Use dilemmas to force opponents into lose/lose situations

 Build the right set of skills to improve competency in our techniques

 Prioritize structure before squeeze

 Build systems around movement, positions, and scenarios

 ### Strategy, Tactics, & Operations Strategy is the plan , the blueprint that outlines direction. Tactics are the steps you’ll take to achieve the plan. Operations manages order and momentum via processes, workflows, and guidelines. This outlines the actions you need to counter your opponents, regardless of the rule-set. Here are a few examples.
 Build on a strong defensive layer

 Use of control grips to off-balance and create positional advantage

 Prioritize a submission-first mentality

 Tactics to negate opponent strengths and exploit weaknesses

 Tempo control and match pacing to exploit opponent cardio lapses

 Operations that protect positional advantage and force cadio lapses

 Rule-set specific play built around tournament rules

 ## Trusted Friends & Partners

 ## What Students Say About Agoge ### C. Allen

 I couldn't tell you in enough words on how fast I excelled cause of their way of teaching and guiding...The agoge team is full of amazing people to train with, they both have the respect for you and the sport.

 ### A. Hephner

 Great technical and thorough break downs of modern jiu jitsu as well as fantastic competition coaching/game-planning. Gym atmosphere is inviting and promotes growth. Coaches are very knowledgeable as well...

 ### J. Fredericks

 Very informative and always there to answer your questions. Two great coaches in my opinion, one with a heavy wrestling background and the other with a heavy jujitsu background.

 ### J. Weisfeld

 Incredible modern Brazilian BJJ concepts and tactics are taught at Agoge! Versatile wrestling taught in a way that nearly all techniques can be used on all sized opponents. Learning from the instructors has leveled up my game!

 ### M. Maag

 I have had so much fun learning this sport. Jiu Jitsu taught me to set goals for myself and chase them like I never have before. Agoge taught me to push through even when something seems impossible.

 ### J. Koz

 I appreciate you, and the energy & time you dedicate to me... even when I yell and whine and growl. If I didn't enjoy what I was doing and was not challenged I would stop it. Instead I want more.
