---
source_url: https://agogetrained.com
final_url: https://agogetrained.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:45.825Z
---

# Build High-Level Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Skills in Half the time. It takes most beginners 6 to 12 mo., on average, to develop competency. Agoge students develop high-level skills in half the time. We use a principles and a systems-based approach to help students learn faster .

 Apply to Join

 ## We show you how to use Switches & Timers If you're grappling, you need switches and timers.

 ‍ Timers. Anything that disrupts blood flow to the brain or oxygen to the body . Primary finishes include strangles and chokes; secondary finishes include indirect methods like throat, lung, and diaphragm control. Timers are decisive fight-enders but require time.
 ‍
 ‍ Switches. Anything that has an immediate effect on the musculoskeletal system of the body (similar to a light switch). If you break someone’s leg the effect is immediate—they can’t use that leg to walk or run anymore.

 Timers are fight-enders, Switches are efficient incapacitators.
 Apply Now See the Schedule

 ## Agoge Is right for you if... ###### You want safety Accidents happen. Catastrophic accidents shouldn't. We use strict performance controls to minimize accidents and keep everyone safe.
 ‍

 ###### You want rapid growth We use intelligent failure as a training aid to create lasting victory. We show you how to survive and overcome the circumstances that seem impossible.

 ###### You want to be in control Our promotions are student-led. We set objective standards that we expect you to meet. These standards are tough. They're above and beyond what's expected at most gyms.

 ###### You want a Healthy Culture Culture is living values. Values are written down. Our values are created by students, from the bottom up. The culture of Agoge is shaped by you.

 ###### You want a voice Many gyms have a set hierarchy. Teachers say, students do. We prefer a relationship that prioritizes negotiation and discussion . It's not always easy, but we think it's the right move.

 ###### you want top-level Instruction Agoge instructors are mentored by some of the best in the world. Our mentors have a proven track record, performing at the highest levels in our sport.

 ## Our systems-based Approach
 ###### Step 1: Takedowns All grappling depends on the control/lock principle. We'll show you how to use it and the 5H system to score consistent takedowns.

 ###### Step 2: Iron-Clad Defense You'll learn how to become an escape artist. We show you how to escape worst-case scenarios---pins, strangles, and joint locks.
 ‍

 ###### Step 3: Guard Retention We show you how to use your arms and legs to control, defend against, and attack your opponents. You'll learn about points of contact, kuzushi, and control grips.
 ‍

 ###### Step 4: Guard Passing Getting past your opponent's legs can be tough. You'll learn about passing buckets, passing ranges, and making your opponents predictable.

 ###### Step 5: Offensive Dilemmas The best fighters in the world create dilemmas for their opponents. These dilemmas are lose/lose situations that make winning inevitable.

 ###### Step 6: Strategy, Tactics & Ops Can you automatically move your opponents into no win scenarios? With the right strategy, tactics, and operations you can. We show you how.

 ## Positional Rounds ### What safe training Looks Like
 Apply Now

 ## What students say about agoge
 Jenn Koz

 I appreciate you, and the energy & time you dedicate to me... even when I yell and whine and growl. If I didn't enjoy what I was doing and was not challenged I would stop it. Instead I want more.

 Anthony Hephner

 Great technical and thorough break downs of modern jiu jitsu as well as fantastic competition coaching/game-planning. Gym atmosphere is inviting and promotes growth. Coaches are very knowledgeable as well...

 Maggie Maag

 I have had so much fun learning this sport. Jiu Jitsu taught me to set goals for myself and chase them like I never have before. Agoge taught me to push thorugh even when something seems impossible.

 ## tips to build skills Faster.
 Explore More
 October 8, 2025Surrender: The Secret to Rapid Growth

 October 7, 2025Why Do You Keep Failing at Jiu Jitsu?
