---
source_url: http://www.watsonbjj.com
final_url: https://www.watsonbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:04.903Z
---

## Watson Martial Arts #### The Art of Improvement Sign Up Today!
 Pause Video

 #### Welcome to ## Watson Martial Arts
 At Watson Martial Arts, our philosophy and our passions are one and the same. We are dedicated to making a positive impact on people’s lives by exposing them to the many benefits martial arts has to offer. By combining a safe, friendly learning environment with quality instruction, we provide an atmosphere that fosters self-confidence, self-discipline, and respect.
 Whether you are interested in competition, getting in shape, learning self-defense, or just need a hobby, we guide you along the way, ensuring that you get the most out of your experience.

 ## Programs Watson Martial Arts provides a variety of classes for all skill levels. We especially take pride in being very beginner-friendly. Come break a sweat and have some fun, all while learning valuable skills.

 ## About Us At Watson Martial Arts, we are passionate about teaching! Our staff cares about the personal development of each one of our students. We are here to guide you through every step of your martial arts journey.

 ## Testimonials

 The culture is terrific, the instructors are amazing and a lot of fun, and the teaching style is like nothing I've experienced.

 Corey B. , Student

 Really great experience as a beginner with no experience. Would 100% recommend to anyone interested in learning to defend themselves and get a great workout at the same time.

 Michael V. , Student

 Great people, with a welcoming team atmosphere, and some tough roles. For any newcomers, there's a beginners class so don't be worried about coming in!

 Josh R. , Student

 My favorite thing about the studio is the great number of different classes available. You can come and stay there all afternoon if you would like!

 Guille J. , Student

 Everyone provided great training and a friendly atmosphere, which is rare these days. Thanks, Professor Watson and everyone for the great experience.

 Montay W. , Visitor

 Learning something new every time I step in the door. Kyle and all of his team are beyond welcoming to veterans of the art or beginners.

 David D. , Student

 Kyle Watson is an amazing martial artist and instructor! His facility is top-of-the-line and extremely clean!!

 Jessica S. , Student

 #### ## Gallery

 ## Watson Martial Arts News
 ### Watson Martial Arts Hosts “Roll Like a Girl” Seminar in St. Louis Roll Like a Girl On April 18th, Watson Martial Arts, located on Papin Street in St. Louis, MO, had the…

 Read More

 ### Watson Martial Arts Hosts TAC Team BJJ Training Day & Black Belt Promotions Watson Martial Arts Hosts TAC Team BJJ Training Day & Black Belt Promotions Last month, Watson Martial Arts, located…

 Read More

 ### Watson Martial Arts Continues Giving Back With 2nd Watson Community Outreach Event At Watson Martial Arts on Papin Street in St. Louis, MO, we believe that a strong martial arts gym is…

 Read More

 ### Contact Us Today! Watson Martial Arts has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (260) 255-4785
 2737 Papin St, St. Louis, MO 63103
 Get Directions

 ### Watson Martial Arts 2737 Papin St, St. Louis, MO 63103
 Get Directions

 ## First Visit Free Fill in your info and someone will contact you shortly to get you set up for your first class FREE and answer any questions you might have!

 Sign Up!
