---
source_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com/programs/intermediate-jiu-jitsu-
final_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com/programs/intermediate-jiu-jitsu-
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.136Z
---

## INTERMEDIATE PROGRAM Our Intermediate Jiu-Jitsu Class is designed for students ready to expand their skills and challenge themselves in a faster-paced training environment - 2 stripes is required to attend these classes.
 Each class blends technical instruction, live drilling, and situational sparring, offering opportunities for continued growth and refinement regardless of rank. Instructors provide modifications and advanced variations, making it accessible for developing practitioners while still engaging for experienced students.
 If you’re looking to sharpen your technique, improve your timing, and elevate your overall game, this class will help you take your Jiu-Jitsu to the next level.
 ### How It Works Newcomers are welcome! Our All-Levels Jiu-Jitsu Class builds on the fundamentals with a faster pace, incorporating more complex techniques, drills, and live training. While we recommend at least 60 classes of experience before joining, all students are welcome to challenge themselves and continue growing their Jiu-Jitsu skills. Remember, sparring is optional and Students will need 2 stripes earned on their white belt in order to attend the Intermediate classes.
 ### Join Us Now Ready to take the next step in your Jiu-Jitsu journey? Join our supportive and driven community where every class helps you build strength, confidence, and skill. Whether your goal is self-defense, fitness, or competition, our expert instructors will guide you every step of the way. Don’t wait—start training today and discover what you’re truly capable of!

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ### 1284 W San Marcos Blvd #110, San Marcos, CA 92078, USA

 get directions

 HAVING DISCIPLINE IS NOT EASY. PARKING AT ALLIANCE SAN MARCOS IS.

 San Marcos
