---
source_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com/programs/adults-fundamentals
final_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com/programs/adults-fundamentals
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.242Z
---

## Adults: Fundamentals Welcome to the Adults: Fundamentals program at ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS! This program is thoughtfully designed to cater to beginners looking to build a strong foundation in Jiu Jitsu. Beginners will learn step by step from the ground up! Students will not engage in full sparring on their first day, week or month of training. Participants engage in a comprehensive curriculum focusing on fundamental/basic moves and positions, ensuring a solid understanding of the art. You will walk away with improved self-confidence, realistic self-defense skills and awareness to protect yourself and your family. Join over 75 FAMILIES and embark on a journey towards self discipline, strong physical conditioning and practical self defense offensive and defensive tactics/techniques.
 ‍
 ### How It Works Conveniently offered throughout the week at 6am, 9am, 10am (Saturday) 12pm and 6pm, the Adults: Fundamentals program offers a step by step curriculum for students who are new to Jiu Jitsu! Expect expert guidance from experienced instructors who live, breathe, study, compete and tech Jiu Jitsu. Experience the unique benefits of structured classes, step-by-step technical breakdowns, and an environment that supports the growth of brand new students. Our academy is beginner friendly and teach techniques in a simplistic format to understand and practice.
 ‍
 Take the first step and take your FREE 1:1 Introductory class prior to joining your first group class.
 ‍
 ### Ready to finally learn Jiu Jitsu? One day, or day one? Take the first step, and pursue a lifelong challenge that you can share with your friends and family. Learning Jiu Jitsu, some would say is easy - but that requires consistency, discipline and focus. All of which, you will utilize outside the mats as well. We have a supportive TEAM of coaches and teammates ready to train with you! Let's start - what are you waiting for?

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ### 1284 W San Marcos Blvd #110, San Marcos, CA 92078, USA

 get directions

 HAVING DISCIPLINE IS NOT EASY. PARKING AT ALLIANCE SAN MARCOS IS.

 San Marcos
