---
source_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com/programs/kids-baby-eagles-3-5
final_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com/programs/kids-baby-eagles-3-5
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.424Z
---

## Kids "Baby Eagles" (3-5) Welcome to the Kids "Baby Eagles" program at ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS! Designed specifically for young participants aged 3-5, this program focuses on instilling discipline, coordination, and confidence through fun martial arts activities. Our experienced instructors tailor each session to cater to beginners, ensuring a safe and engaging environment for your child to grow both physically and mentally. Join us to witness your little one develop essential life skills while having a blast!
 ### How It Works A FREE 1:1 private introductory class is required prior to joining the first group class. At ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS, our Kids "Baby Eagles" program offers a structured yet enjoyable approach to learning martial arts. With a focus on building resilience and respect, we guide children through age-appropriate techniques that enhance agility and focus. Join us to experience the supportive community of our studio while fostering your child's physical and emotional well-being. Start the journey to a healthier lifestyle today!
 ### Join Us at Alliance Jiu Jitsu San Marcos Embark on a transformative journey with our Kids "Baby Eagles" program at ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS! We welcome all young ones seeking to learn and grow in a nurturing environment that values teamwork and perseverance. Whether your goal is to boost confidence, improve coordination, or simply have fun, our program is the perfect fit. Take the first step towards a healthier future by enrolling your child today and experience the empowering benefits of practicing martial arts!

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ### 1284 W San Marcos Blvd #110, San Marcos, CA 92078, USA

 get directions

 HAVING DISCIPLINE IS NOT EASY. PARKING AT ALLIANCE SAN MARCOS IS.

 San Marcos
