---
source_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com
final_url: https://www.alliancejjsanmarcos.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.605Z
---

# Academy in San Marcos, CA
 Discover discipline, confidence, and community at our Academy.

 Our gym is built on a foundation of community, providing a supportive environment that feels like a second home to our members.

 From beginners to advanced, our structured curriculum ensures progress and mastery in Jiu Jitsu for every student.

 Our Tiny Eagles (3-5), Little Eagles (6-8) and Eagle Warriors (9-12) promote discipline, responsibility, exceptional behavior and a high level of technical ability.

 ## A Professional Jiu Jitsu Academy promoting discipline, structure and respect for Kids 3+ and Adults.
 We Offer Classes for Beginners and Advanced Students!

 Start Your Jiu Jitsu Journey Today

 The Kids Baby Eagles (3-5) program at ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS is designed for children aged 3 to 5 years old. The program focuses on instilling basic jiu-jitsu skills, promoting physical activity, and enhancing coordination in a fun and safe environment. Children learn through playful activities and structured classes led by experienced instructors at the Studio gym.Learn More About Kids "Baby Eagles" (3-5)
 The Kids Little Eagles (6-8) program at ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS is designed for children aged 6 to 8 years old. This program focuses on teaching young participants the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu while promoting physical fitness, discipline, teamwork, and confidence. Classes are led by experienced instructors who provide age-appropriate training and guidance to help children develop their skills in a fun and safe environment.Learn More About Kids "Little Eagles" (6-8)
 The Kids Eagle Warriors program at ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS is designed for children aged 9-12. The program focuses on teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques in a fun and engaging way, helping kids build confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills. Classes are held at the studio gym where experienced instructors guide the children through drills and exercises to improve their physical fitness and overall well-being.Learn More About Kids "Eagle Warriors" (9-12)

 1

 Start with a one-on-one session to learn the fundamentals tailored to you.

 2

 Experience unlimited classes and find your place within our community.

 3

 Participate in seminars and team competitions to deepen your skills and connections.

 At ALLIANCE JIU JITSU SAN MARCOS, we are more than just a studio; we are a family-friendly community that welcomes everyone, from total beginners to experienced practitioners.

 Our focus on developing virtues such as courage, discipline, and patience through Jiu Jitsu sets us apart.

 By using Jiu Jitsu as a tool for personal development, we help our members navigate life's challenges with confidence.

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ### 1284 W San Marcos Blvd #110, San Marcos, CA 92078, USA

 get directions

 HAVING DISCIPLINE IS NOT EASY. PARKING AT ALLIANCE SAN MARCOS IS.

 San Marcos

 Still curious? Talk to us!
 +1 760-539-9589 Contact Us

 Can I attend unlimited classes, 7x days per week?

 Yes, the membership is unlimited.

 I'm new and do not know anything about BJJ! Will I spar on my first day, week or month?

 No. Students must learn the fundamentals before they engage in live full-sparring. This is the best way to prevent injuries.

 How much is a membership?

 All membership options are transparent and available here on our website!

 Do you have programs for beginners?

 Absolutely! Our gym is beginner-friendly, with programs specifically designed to get you started on the right foot.

 Is there a children's program?

 Yes, we have specialized programs for children of all ages to learn Jiu Jitsu in a fun and safe environment.

 Can a student start training in a group class immediately?

 No, all students must take a FREE 1:1 introductory private class with one of our skilled instructors, before they take their first group class. Students will then get 7 days of unlimited training without pressure to sign up.

 Do you offer family plans?

 Yes, we offer family plans! Check out the membership options section of our website - all options are transparent.

 Are classes available every day?

 Yes, we offer classes 7 days a week to fit your schedule.

 Do you provide uniforms and protective gear?

 Yes, we provide uniforms and all the necessary protective gear for our members.

 Can parents and kids train together?

 Yes, we offer family hour where parents and kids can enjoy learning Jiu Jitsu together.

 ## BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL!
