---
source_url: http://www.solidmma.pro
final_url: https://solidmma.pro/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:17.284Z
---

# Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie. Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie. Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie. Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie.

 # Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie. Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie. Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie. Achieve Self defense, Focus, Mindfulness, Stress relief, & Camaraderie.

 ## About Us #### Qualified Instructors At SOLID MMA, our coaching staff is incredibly diverse and experienced. We proudly have 4 black belts and 5 brown belts who are dedicated to helping students achieve their martial arts goals.

 #### State of the Art Facility Our facility was built in October of 2016
 We are equipped with:
 - Boxing Bags - Weights & Cardio Equipment - 24/7 Gym Access - 2,000 sq. ft. of mats surrounded by an MMA cage - Men & Women's Locker Rooms with Showers - Personalized Work Out Plans

 We have personal trainers available to meet everyone's fitness goals any time of day. We are located half of a mile West of County Line Rd, off NW 122nd!

 #### About Us We are a Mixed Martial Arts and Personal Training Gym! Our main objective is to enhance people's physical, mental, and emotional well being. We provide a safe, functional, and comfortable workout environment, as well as creating an enjoyable atmosphere. Leave your cares outside, come unwind and recharge.

 ## Wall Of Fame Show More

 ## Free first class ### Now offering Youth and Adult classes
 MMA can help you achieve your potential and improve your life by fostering a holistic development of your mind, body, and spirit.

 #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Gi and No Gi

 #### Muay Thai
 Traditional

 ###

 Annual Memberships Are Available and saves over $620

 ## Social Media

 ## Contact Us

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### SOLID MMA 12301 Meritt Ave, Yukon, Oklahoma 73099, United States
 TEXT (405) 537-5154

 #### Gym Access 24/7 Brivo Pass gets you 24/7 access. Text 405-537-5154 for an appointment to join today! SUNDAY is open mat 2-3:30 Sparring 3:30-4:30

 Get in Touch! #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
