---
source_url: http://be-jj.com
final_url: https://be-jj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:23.955Z
---

Be Jiu Jitsu
 email hello@be-jj.com
 phone (888) 339-ROLL

 #### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # BE JIU JITSU An opportunity for personal development. We use Jiu Jitsu as a mechanism for you to break boundaries and maximize the potential within yourself.
 Book a Trial Class

 ### 5 Instructors
 ### 100+ Students
 ### 3 Awards Won
 ### 25+ Years Experience

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that emphasizes ground fighting and submission holds to control and defeat an opponent. You'll learn to control and submit opponents in a friendly and challenging environment.
 Learn More

 ## Yoga Yoga combines physical movement, breathing exercises, and stretches for a holistic approach to wellness. It enhances your flexibility, strength, and mental clarity through various styles that can suit everyone from beginners to seasoned yogis.
 Learn More

 ## Why Choose Be Jiu Jitsu? Whether you're just starting your fitness journey or looking to enhance your routine, Be Jiu Jitsu provides a supportive and motivating environment.
 Our team is dedicated to helping you achieve your personal goals, ensuring you have the best experience possible.

 ### Trusted By Our Members

 5 / 5 Stars
 John, Julian, and Coda are incredible coaches. Kind, caring, patient, and consistent. They provide a welcoming, friendly, and healthy gym environment. All three have an incredible and immense knowledge of jiu jitsu in the Gi and without the Gi. Recommend to anyone wanting to give jiu jitsu a try and call this gym their home.
 R
 Ryan Ferguson Lafayette

 5 / 5 Stars
 Absolute best place in Lafayette to learn pure jiujitsu. (Gi or NoGi) Instructors are highly skilled on fundamental and cutting edge technique. Everyone is so friendly and vibes are on point.
 N
 Noah Marks Lafayette

 5 / 5 Stars
 Welcoming and highly skilled instructors. I have 4 children of various ages training here and the instructors do a great job at connecting with them where they are and helping them accomplish their goals in Jiu Jitsu and life !
 S
 Samantha Johnson Lafayette

 5 / 5 Stars
 I started training here as a blue belt and can say since that I have been here training under John and Julian for a little over a year. My game has changed dramatically. I feel more confident and motivated in my training and skill. These guys will take the time to train you and get you ready to achieve whatever your goals may be. Please, please, please if you are in the Lafayette area and are looking for some serious jiu jitsu training stop by, you will not regret it!! I am happy to be apart of this team! 🤙🏼
 H
 Hunter Busby Lafayette

 5 / 5 Stars
 I’m thankful to be apart of this gym, it’s exactly what I needed. There’s a lot of good gyms around, but this one is perfect for strictly Jiu-Jistu and No Gi grappling. It’s a very welcoming place that’s great for beginners and experienced guys and girls. Being in the heart of Lafayette makes it even better! Excited to see this team grow!
 P
 Pierce Richard Lafayette

 5 / 5 Stars
 I was in my wife’s hometown for a wedding and needed to get a roll in. I called these guys to see if I could join in for open mat…their response was ‘don’t stink, trim your nails and be cool’. Instantly I knew I was going to have a great time. Got multiple beat downs, learned some really cool stuff and got to meet some great people. This is a six star review.
 C
 Chase Munn Lafayette

 3 / 6 Reviews

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Check out the most frequently asked questions about Be Jiu Jitsu.
 Still haven't found the answer?
 Contact Us
 ### What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a grappling/submission/self-defense martial art that primarily focuses on ground fighting.
 BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint-locks and chokeholds to defeat the other person.

 ### Will I get in shape and feel better learning Jiu Jitsu at Be Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes. Be Jiu Jitsu is a full body workout and it is seriously addictive. With regular training, you will notice huge gains in your physical fitness level. And the great thing is… you’ll have fun doing it!

 ### I’ve never practiced a martial art before, is BEJJ the right environment for me to learn?
 Yes! Our downtown classes are packed with students from a wide array of martial arts backgrounds. Some hold high rank in other martial arts, while for others, BJJ is the first art they have studied. Be Jiu Jitsu offers a safe guided self defense course to make sure you are injury free. Regardless of your martial arts background, you are welcome to train, learn and grow with us.

 ### Are there tests to be promoted?
 Belts are given at our discretion and we allow people to go to advanced without a test. We do make suggestions but our classes are available to whoever

 ### What are your training facilities like?
 Be Jiu Jitsu is located in the heart of Lafayette, LA. Right off the iconic Jefferson Street, we are neighbors with an amazing group of restaurants that lend themselves perfectly for you to enjoy more time with your friends after class.
 We feature the guidance of a black belt master instructor with over 15 years experience and instructors with more than 14 years of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu experience. BEJJ offers a spacious mat area with plenty of extra room, access to changing rooms and an amazing retail space for all your gym needs. Everything needed to learn some great BJJ techniques and get in the best shape of your life is right here!

 ### Am I too old?
 No way! At our downtown location our instructors work with students ranging in age from 4 to 64; and we teach people with varying levels of physical fitness. All of our exercises, drills, and sparring can be tailored to fit your individual fitness goals and everyone in the Acadiana area can get in great shape while having fun and making new friends!

 ### If I ever need a break can I freeze my account?
 Absolutely! Just let our staff know and we can stop the billing cycle. Whenever you are ready we can get you started back

 ### If I take a break and return are there any re-registration fees?
 Never!

 ### I've noticed the price increase, will I have to pay more now?
 Nope! As long as your account is unfrozen and remains active you will be locked in to your introductory rate.

 # Contact Us Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone
 Do you have a form of reliable transportation?

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch

 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.
