---
source_url: https://victoryjj.com
final_url: https://victoryjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:19.125Z
---

## Victory JJ

 ## The best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in the Albany NY area
 ## We specialize in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for self defense, sport grappling, and mixed martial arts (MMA) competition. Classes available for men, women and children.

 Victor Mcleod’s journey to Jiu-Jitsu began after witnessing a skinny, young Royce Gracie rip through his much stronger, heavier competition in the 1st Ultimate Fighting Championship. One to always challenge himself, Victor showed up at a local Jiu-Jitsu studio in 1996 and has been in love with the art ever since.
 In 1998 Victor met Roberto “Maguilla” Marques DaSilva , a 4th degree Black Belt under Andre Pederneiras (Black Belt under Carlson Gracie Sr.). Maguilla helped Victor harness his raw athletic talent and couple it with flawless technique to become one of the top fighters in his association.
 Victor is known for using technical Jiu-Jitsu to cook his opponents before finishing them. Victor’s specialty is his ability to teach the art to all body types and athletic abilities. Victor is very proud of having the honor of teaching many international students. Under Maguilla’s guidance, Victor has traveled the country studying the art of Jiu-Jitsu and honing his technique.
 Victor is the owner of Victory Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, located in Albany, New York. Victor received his black belt from Maguilla in April of 2007. He also holds the rank of brown belt in Judo and Karate.

 ## The Victory team at NAGA!
 - - - - - - - -

 ## Class Schedule
 ### Monday
 6pm – Children’s BJJ
 7pm – Mixed BJJ MMA

 ### Tuesday
 7pm – Beginner BJJ
 8pm – Mixed BJJ

 ### Wednesday
 6pm – Children’s BJJ
 7pm – Beginner BJJ

 ### Thursday
 7pm – Mixed BJJ

 ### Friday
 7pm – Competition (invite only)

 ### Saturday
 10am – Children’s BJJ
 11am – Mixed No-Gi BJJ

 ## Contact Us
 Contact Form Name

 Email

 Subject

 Your Message

 Submit Form

 Victory Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 518-594-4172
 Studio B Pil-Sung Martial Arts
 1095C Central Avenue Albany, NY 12205
