---
source_url: http://www.musoolwon.com
final_url: https://www.musoolwon.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:19.178Z
---

- Home - Master Lee Family Lineage Personal History Articles on Master Lee Pictures of Master Lee Master Lee & Family Master Lee Demonstrations - About Us The Mu Sool Won Logo How Can Martial Arts Help Me? Korean Terms Used Articles - Gallery Videos Pictures - Class Schedule - Instructors - Students - Contact Us Map and Directions Comments/Questions?

 Previous Next

 # Welcome to Our School Ahn young ha se yo and welcome to the Austin Mu Sool Won Family Martial Arts web site. We are a black belt school and a family martial art , and we are proud to have been in Austin since 1992. As a Family Martial Arts Center, we hope to impart positive values in our students, ranging from four and up, through traditional martial arts training.

 As you explore this site, you will find information about our martial art, dojang (training hall), and the program we offer. Our instructors are dedicated to the development of our students' mind, body, and spirit in a supportive and safe environment.

 Best Teacher - Best Students
 Best School - Best Family Martial Art

 Class Schedule
 Visit our Schedule Page

 Introductory Special
 New Students: Print and return today!

 Mu Sool Won Headquarters
 13584 Pond Springs Road Suite B, Austin, TX 78729 - 512.258.7373
 Copyright 2021, Austin Family Martial Arts. All Rights Reserved
 Contact Us

 ## Be Strong and persevere
 × # Austin Mu Sool Won Mu Sool Won Students and Family,
 Due to the recent weather, we will be cancelling classes for the week.
 We hope to reopen Monday, 2/22/2021.
 Please stay safe and warm!
 If you have any questions please contact us at musoolwonhq@gmail.com or 512-638-7072.
