---
source_url: http://www.camerondavisjiu-jitsu.com
final_url: https://camerondavisjiu-jitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:34.615Z
---

# Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu ## Gulfport’s Premier Jiu-Jitsu Academy Where we Work Hard, Be Kind, and Stay Humble
 Get Started Today

 ##### Free Jiu-Jitsu Class! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to our family-run Gulfport Jiu-Jitsu academy – Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu! We are not a gym that pushes for numbers or maxing out mat space every class. This is a place where you can feel safe, cared for, and invested in. Along with your Jiu-Jitsu training improvements, we focus heavily on character development. We want to help everyone succeed on and off the mat. We implement a positive reinforcement atmosphere where negativity is kept out. This helps us teach our style of self-defense without worrying about trivial matters. All we want is your consistency, because we will match your effort. We will make your Gulfport Jiu-Jitsu experience what you want it to be at Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu!

 ### Sign up for a free Jiu-Jitsu class! Join us on our free trial offer! If it’s you or your children, you can sign up and experience what happens at Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu classes first-hand. Come see what we’re all about now!

 Get Started ##### Free Jiu-Jitsu Class! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Special Offers

 ### Schedule

 #### Who We are at ### Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu

 #### Our School This is a Gulfport Jiu-Jitsu gym where we have fun. Our daily functioning rules are held strong but in the same beat we understand the chaos of life. We laugh at ourselves or our mistakes on the mats as much as we hold ourselves accountable. This is a family-run and operated gym, and you’ll feel that energy when you walk in our doors. Our environment allows us to have fun but still get to work. We push you to focus on your own goals. No one else is your competition. You are your own competition. When you start, we help you build your “Jiu-Jitsu muscles”, gaining strength, endurance, confidence, and perseverance. This is accomplished through simple technique training rather than anything fancy. You learn the basics and become great because of them. Outside of the on-the-mat experience, we also have holiday events and other gatherings to build up the culture and friendships. Come join our family Jiu-Jitsu academy and thrive!
 #### History The creation of our Jiu-Jitsu gym started long ago when, our owner Cameron Davis, began his journey into martial arts at 13 years old, learning Taekwondo, Mixed Martial Arts, cage fighting, Japanese-style Jiu-Jitsu, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and more. This continued into leading military training in self-defense and continues to be an advocate for military personnel, first responders, and healthcare workers in training. Cameron and Alora Davis opened our Gulfport, MS Jiu-Jitsu gym in 2020, eventually becoming independent with our new location in 2024. As we’ve grown and moved, many upgrades have been made. Our kids Jiu-Jitsu program has continued to develop alongside our women’s Jiu-Jitsu program – both offering self-defense and competition training. Our ownership duo is always looking to improve our academy, sharing a passion for martial arts and a goal of providing self-defense for the Gulfport community. Today we continue to carry our dreams, change lives, and aspire to be the best Jiu-Jitsu academy on the Mississippi coast.

 ### Discover the Benefits at Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu
 Our Gulfport Jiu-Jitsu academy – Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu – is a home for anyone looking for Jiu-Jitsu training. Our tight-knit community and effective and efficient style makes us the place for you and your kids to grow and develop!

 ##### Teamwork We are a community-oriented Jiu-Jitsu academy in Gulfport, MS. We’re not focused on glamorous medals but rather uplifting each other to build strong techniques.

 ##### Character Martial arts does more than improve mobility, strength, and stamina. We are dedicated to making you feel like the best version of yourself on and off the mat with discipline.

 ##### Safe Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu is a family-owned and -operated business that treats you like our own. We build trust and connections to ensure a top-quality, positive learning experience. This is an academy where everyone has a voice with open communication and privacy for feedback. No matter the situation that may need to be addressed – including inner-facility conflict – we will do our best to solve it. We always address issues head on and with tact while maintaining grace, understanding and professionalism for everyone.

 ##### Perseverance Training will test your limits and build your resilience in many aspects. We prepare you to learn how to overcome adversity in school, work, and life.

 ##### Self-Defense We specialize in realistic self-defense training through Jiu-Jitsu rather than training for sports and competitive tournaments. This includes our women’s Jiu-Jitsu classes, focusing heavily on techniques and strategies for women’s self-defense.

 ##### Simple Technique Our Jiu-Jitsu classes don’t focus on flashy Jiu-Jitsu. We focus on training each student strong techniques to use for tournaments and real-life application.

 ### Our Class Schedule! Make sure to take a look at our academy schedule! You can find the best time for you to train in Jiu-Jitsu classes for you and the family. Check it out now!

 View Schedule

 #### Join the fun in our ### Jiu-Jitsu classes!

 ### Words from Our Community Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu is a place for everyone to participate in Jiu-Jitsu training. Our programs accommodate all in a supportive environment where you can achieve anything! And don’t just take it from us. Go check out what our customers have to say about why they’ve chosen us as their Gulfport Jiu-Jitsu gym!

 Previous “By far the best Jiu Jitsu instruction I have ever been a part of, Cameron is a professional at his craft and his reputation speaks for itself. This is an amazing place to train.”

 Aaron Hasten
 Google

 “I have been a student at Cameron Davis jiu-jitsu since 2017 and I can’t recommend this school enough. Professor Davis is the most knowledgeable teacher on the coast.”

 Casey Hoda
 Google

 “Great gym. Very welcoming. If you’re interested in training I encourage you to try this place out! Tough rounds and great guys/gals! Thanks again Professor Cam!”

 Daniel Wynne
 Google

 “The practices were awesome, I learned allot, and him and his students were great tough people to roll with. I highly recommend training there.”

 John Tice
 Google

 “I can’t say enough about how welcoming and supportive the atmosphere is here. From day one, the instructor and students made me feel like part of the family.”

 Nicole Perez
 Google

 Next

 ### Sign up for a free Jiu-Jitsu class! Join us on our free trial offer! If it’s you or your children, you can sign up and experience what happens at Cameron Davis Jiu-Jitsu classes first-hand. Come see what we’re all about now!

 Get Started ##### Free Jiu-Jitsu Class! ×

 ### Contact Us! We are proud to provide Gulfport, MS Jiu-Jitsu as well as those in Long Beach, Pass Christian, Saucier, Biloxi, and Diberville. You can find us in the Heart of Gulfport, behind the Wee Ones Childcare and Preschool near Jackson’s Pharmacy on Dedeaux Road!

 228-860-6151

 camerondavisjiujitsu@gmail.com

 11382 Three Rivers Rd Ste C, Gulfport, MS 39503
