---
source_url: http://www.kskmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.kskmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:51.045Z
---

## Transform Your Life Today!

 ## KSK Martial Arts is the premier martial arts academy in Lansing, MI, offering instruction in Filipino Kali, Jeet Kune Do Concepts, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. ## Featuring classes for Kids & Adults, in an environment which is Safe, Challenging, Effective and FUN! # Scroll down for a list of our classes!

 See Online Courses!

 See WHAT'S NEW With KSK!

 # Upcoming Events!

 Click Here for More Info!

 Click Here for More Info!

 Click Here for More Info!

 # Our Programs

 ### Kali / Filipino Martial Arts - FMA This class is FUN! Need we say more? Students will improve their hand-eye coordination, fluidity of movement, and ability to defend themselves while focusing on a variety of Impact and Edged weapons. With a heavy base in Filipino Martial Arts training methods, students will learn the use of the stick, knife, sword, staff, flexible weapon and more. And, while all of that sound's great, let's face it WEAPONS ARE COOL! So, embrace your inner warrior and grab a stick. Our members love this class!

 Learn More

 ### Jeet Kune Do Concepts - JKD JKD is the philosophy & concepts developed by the legendary Bruce Lee and continued to be evolved after his death by Lee's top student, Sifu Dan Inosanto. Watch yourself gain confidence and live a healthier lifestyle, while we teach you stand-up martial arts concepts from around the world. You’ll learn punches, kicks, elbows, knees, hand-trapping, clinching, and easy safe takedowns. Perfect for both Men & Women!

 Learn More

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - BJJ There is no denying that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most effective forms of self defense on the ground, and is one of the most popular martial arts in the world today. You’ll gain confidence and discipline as you learn to effortlessly hold down an opponent, escape from a position, get back up to your feet, or submit them with joint locks and chokes. Our School's lineage goes directly back to the Gracie's, the founding family that pioneered Jiu-Jitsu in Brazil and throughout the world.

 Learn More

 ### Rising Warriors / Ages 12-17 Our Rising Warriors program is designed to help your teen develop the focus and discipline they'll soon need to function in the real world. This program will help give them the physical skills they'll need on the mats, and the mental skills they'll need off of it.

 Learn More

 ### Little Ninjas / Ages 6-11 Kids aren’t adults … but eventually one day they will be. We focus our kids classes toward giving them the life skills they need to grow into fully functioning successful adults. In martial arts, and their everyday lives. We use the martial arts as a fun way to teach them things like listening & communication skills, common courtesy, manners, goal setting, respecting authority figures, respecting themselves and much more.

 Learn More

 # Schedule a Trial Class Today!

 Schedule Kids Trial (LN)

 Schedule Teens Trial (RW)

 Schedule Adult Trial

 # Schedule a Trial Class Today!

 Hollywood at KSK

Actor, Jessie Eisenberg chooses KSK Martial Arts to train for his 2015 film "American Ultra"
 KSK Worldwide

Highlights from Guro Kent and KSK Martial Arts 2019 seminar in Lisbon, Portugal.
 "Trapped" At Home

Guro Kent offers some at home training for everyone stuck in quarantine!

 JKD Class Sneak Peek

JKD Combination on Focus Mitts
 BJJ In Class Sneak Peek

New Blue Belts in Jiu-Jitsu
 FMA In Class Sneak Peek

Kali Stick Lock & Disarm

 Get the Latest News by Signing Up For Our Mailing List!
