---
source_url: http://www.trialsmma.com/american-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.trialsmma.com/american-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:32.617Z
---

## American Jiu Jitsu Ft. Collin’s Top Rated Local® MMA Gym
 Contact Us

 ## American Jiu Jitsu AJJ is A hybrid style of traditional Brazilian jiu-jitsu and Japanese Jiu-Jitsu that, encompasses many other grappling arts. AJJ is a melting pot of many styles and influences that have been developed over decades with a heavy emphasis on wrestling, takedowns, pressure and leg entanglements. Have you ever tuned in to watch a high-level grappling event lately?
 If you have, then what you saw on display is this new breed, high pace style of grappling. Here at Trials, we honor and respect all the traditions of Brazilian and Japanese roots by holding respect honor and discipline to our highest standers. Our roots and fundamentals still hold true to our rich Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu history. We have adapted all grappling styles and added a high pace aggressive approach to training and the execution of the art. American Jiu-Jitsu is not limited to just “Brazilian” or “Japanese” Jiu-Jitsu. Instead, it embodies and draws from many grappling and martial arts forms including American wrestling, sambo, and judo. American Jiu-Jitsu will continue teaching and honoring traditional martial arts principles of discipline, respect, and responsibility. We honor and respect all students and instructors equally. Trials AJJ provides a high level of instruction. All students and visitors are welcome, regardless of gym affiliation, background, experience, or belt rank. Trials is an academy where anyone can walk in and will find American Jiu-Jitsu easy to understand, learn valuable competition and self-defense skills all while getting a great workout and having fun.

 ## schedule YOUR FREE trial class TODAY! Contact Us To Learn More
