---
source_url: http://www.trialsmma.com
final_url: https://www.trialsmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:32.912Z
---

# TRIALS Mixed Martial Arts ## Northern Colorado's Premier Mixed martial arts academy

 Reach Out Today

 ## Welcome to Trials MMA Welcome to TRIALS Mixed Martial Arts, Fort Collins and Northern Colorado’s premier training academy for Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, MMA, Kids programs and fitness. TRIALS is a family oriented martial arts academy. We have classes for everyone no matter what your goals are: fitness, martial arts skill development, children and adult programs or becoming a competitive fighter. TRIALS is the place for you. Our 5000 square foot facility contains two practices areas with state-of-the-art mats, a full array of heavy bags, and is home to a diverse and amazing group of students!

 ## What We Offer Trials Mixed Martial Arts offers classes in Kickboxing, Submission Grappling, American Jiu-Jitsu, MMA and Fitness for adults. We also, are proud to offer three comprehensive youth programs, Kids AJJ, Little CHAMPS and CHAMPS. So, if you’re looking for a safe, fast paced, exciting, and fun curriculum-based program for you or your child TRIALS will meet and exceed your expectations.
 Reach Out Today

 ## Programs No matter what your age, size or skill level is, Trials MMA has the perfect program to sharpen your skills and get you in shape.
 Learn More
 -

 ## Instructors Meet our instructors! The team of coaches that have knowledge in smooth technique and attentive teaching skills.
 Learn More
 -

 ## Schedule Reach out to us today to schedule your Free Trial class
 Learn More
 -

 ## Contact us to schedule your Free Trial class Are you ready to begin your Martial Arts journey? set goals and challenge yourself? All new students receive a FREE trial class. Schedule your first class today!
 Reach Out Today

 ## GET YOUR FREE class scheduled TODAY! Reach Out Today To Learn More
