---
source_url: https://www.bttlongbeach.com/kids-self-defense-anti-bullying
final_url: https://www.bttlongbeach.com/kids-self-defense-anti-bullying
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.608Z
---

Scroll

 # Kids Self Defense There are many great reasons to get your child involved in physical activities. From staying in shape to learning how to respect other individuals, working to learn an activity can be very beneficial for development.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai are great ways for your kids to hone their focus, release pent-up energy, and learn how to listen, follow directions and use their bodies. Watch your child develop self defense skills and the potential to take on everything life has to offer.

 ### Kids brazilian jiu-jitsu This class is for kids (under the age of 16) beginning their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training. Students will learn the fundamentals of BJJ and basic training techniques.
 The structure of the class is comprised around a warm-up, a lesson in technique, partner training, and sparring to practice their overall BJJ.

 ### Kids Muay Thai This class open to all kids (under the age of 16) studying Muay Thai. Students will learn the fundamentals of fundamentals of Muay Thai including striking form and combinations, defensive postures and counters, and basic training techniques.
 The structure of the class is comprised around a warm-up, lessons in striking fundamentals and heavy bag training to practice the techniques from the lessons.

 # Our Team

 Murilo Bustamante

 Co-Founder of Brazilian Top Team

 Marcelo Perdomo

 Head of Brazilian Top Team Long Beach

 # The Benefits

 Develop Self Confidence

 Promote Functional Strength and Weight Loss

 Learn Self Defense

 Improve Coordination, Flexibility and Balance

 Team Building Atmosphere

 Anti-Bullying Techniques
