---
source_url: http://zombiebjjpa.com
final_url: https://zombiebjjpa.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:11.123Z
---

- HOME - SCHEDULE - BLOG - CONTACT US

 #### ZOMBIE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ALLENTOWN, PA

 # We Help You Become a Self-Defense Expert With Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 #### Want to Try a Free Class? Click a Button Below...

 TRY A FREE ADULT CLASS

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 TRY A KIDS FREE CLASS

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 ## Welcome to Zombie Brazilian Jitsu

 - Classes For Adults and Children Ages 5+ - Beginner and Advanced Classes - Gi and NoGi Classes - Morning and Evening Classes - Open 7 Day a Week

 ## ZOMBIE BJJ ALLENTOWN ## CLASSES 6 DAYS PER WEEK

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 ### RECENT BLOG POSTS

 ## Goal Setting For Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu In this article, we break down how effective goal setting can help Jiu-Jitsu students build better habits, measure progress, and overcome plateaus. Learn how to set short-term, long-term, and process-... ...more
 Blog
 November 20, 2025 • 2 min read

 ## 5 Tips For White Belts to Improve Faster in Jiu-Jitsu Starting Jiu-Jitsu as a white belt can feel overwhelming—but improving quickly is absolutely possible with the right approach. This post shares five practical tips that help beginners build confidence... ...more
 Blog
 November 14, 2025 • 4 min read

 ## Building Discipline & Good Habits For Jiu-Jitsu Success in Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just about learning techniques—it’s about building the discipline and habits that keep you growing. This post explores how consistency, mindset, and daily routines can trans... ...more
 Blog
 November 14, 2025 • 2 min read

 ## Jiu-Jitsu - What's The Point? What’s the point of doing Jiu-Jitsu? More than you might think. This post highlights the physical, mental, and emotional benefits that keep students coming back to the mats. From learning practical se... ...more
 Blog
 November 14, 2025 • 3 min read

 ## Unlocking the Secrets of Jiu-Jitsu: The Power of Drilling and Specific Training Unlock the true essence of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu by understanding the importance of drilling and specific training. This post breaks down how focused repetition sharpens technique, builds muscle memory,... ...more
 Blog
 November 13, 2025 • 5 min read

 ## Why All Men in Their 40's Should Train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu In this article, we break down the key reasons men in their 40s should consider Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as part of their fitness and lifestyle routine. Learn how BJJ supports longevity, cardiovascular hea... ...more
 Blog
 November 13, 2025 • 4 min read

 More stories

 Active el sonido

 ## ZOMBIE BRAZILIAN JITSU

 # JIU-JITSU, WRESTLING, & MUAY THAI KICKBOXING...

 TRY A FREE ADULT CLASS

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 TRY A KIDS FREE CLASS

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 #

 ## What Our Member Say...

 PHONE

 484-218-5748

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 ADDRESS

 1801 Union Blvd, Suite H2,
 Allentown, PA, 18109

 ## Copyright Zombie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu PA 2026. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
