---
source_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/jiu-jitsu-for-kids/
final_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/jiu-jitsu-for-kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:28.950Z
---

Skip to content ### Eaglets programs
 # Jiu-Jitsu For Kids
 We help parents raise over-achievers through jiu jitsu and fun.

 Request to Join

 Why BRING your child TO jiu jitsu? LEARN JUST A FEW OF

 ## THE BENEFITS OF ENROLLING YOUR CHILD IN JIU JITSU
 ## Bully - Proofing
 Kids who train jiu jitsu learn how to handle themselves physically and how to avoid fighting off the mats.

 ## Motor Skills & Co-ordination
 Kids who train jiu jitsu learn how to handle themselves physically and how to avoid fighting off the mats.

 ## Socialization & Teamwork
 Kids learn how to cooperate, encourage each other and compete in a fun environment.

 ## Builds real-world self-defense
 Our kids classes feature plenty of games and drills to help develop good bodily awarness and control.

 ## Teaches calm under pressure
 Kids learn how to cooperate, encourage each other and compete in a fun environment.

 ## Promotes respect, discipline & empathy
 Our kids classes feature plenty of games and drills to help develop good bodily awarness and control.

 ## What Happens When You Book A Free Trial
 ## age group
 - Little Eaglets (4-6) - Junior Eaglets (7-9) - Senior Eaglets (10-14)

 ## Standard class time
 - Monday to Friday : 4 and 5pm - Saturday: 9am

 ## Eaglets Intructors
 +3

 ## intro to program includes
 - Tour of our facility - Free uniform - Private intro lesson with a coach - Overview of kids' programs - Watch your child try a class on the mat

 Book a free trial

 Age

 ## Program Age Groups
 - Little Eaglets (4-6)

 - Junior Eaglets (7-9)

 - Senior Eaglets (10-14)

 ## Structured Curriculum
 Kids follow a growth-based path

 ## Individual Attention
 Personalized coaching for each child

 ## Progress with Purpose
 Track progress beyond belts

 pillars

 ## Program Pillar Values
 There are so many activities your child could try—so what makes martial arts, especially jiu-jitsu, different? Sure kids get better at their grappling skills, they learn how to safely throw, control and submit their opponent. Which, of course, is tremendous for self-defense. But jiu-jitsu goes far beyond the physical benefits.
 We help families achieve behavior changes that will stay with kids into adulthood and forge them into exceptional humans. This is why our program has four pillars.

 ## “Kids learn how to stay calm and focused even when under pressure—skills they can use during tests, arguments, or real-world situations.”
 Book a free trial

 ### Warrior Spirit Kids build strong grappling skills for self-defense.

 ### Personal Growth Jiu-jitsu promotes discipline, respect, and focus.

 ### Physical Fitness Our program creates lasting behavior change beyond the mat.

 ### Life Skills Jiu-jitsu promotes discipline, respect, and focus.

 pillars

 ## Promotions and Belt Ranks
 Kids at Legion benefit from a clearly defined promotion system, which offers three different promotion opportunities. Those reward not just consistency, attendance and jiu-jitsu skill, but virtues that distinguish our kids as exceptional little humans.

 ## Pillar Stripes
 Legion’s proprietary pillar stripes, reward 16 different virtues, 4 for each pillar.

 Learn more

 ## White Stripes
 The more traditional white stripes are based primarily on attendance and tenure.

 Learn more

 ## Belts
 Belts are the most exciting promotion and there are 13 belt promotions.

 Learn more

 ## Want to know more about our promotion system and criteria?
 Read our promotion guide

 classes

 ## Class Types
 ## Gi Classes
 The traditional gi (kimono) is used for most classes on the schedule.

 ## No-Gi Classes
 No-Gi is a style of jiu-jitsu practiced in shorts and a compressed t-shirt.

 ## Anti-Bullying Classes
 Our Anti-Bullying classes use scenario training and drills to prepare kids.

 ## Elite Eaglets
 Elite Eaglets is the competition program that all kids can strive.

 Join Us

 ## How to get involved?
 ## 1. Pick A Day
 We offer free trial sessions for all age groups every Tue, Thu and Fri. To provide the best experience, spots are limited.

 ## 2. Get All The Info
 After the tour and free uniform fitting, you will get all the info from our staff, while your child trains for the first time.

 ## 3. See How Your Child Does
 More than 80% of parents enroll their kids after they see them train and enjoy the sessions.

 Book a free trial

 Still thinking?

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 What are the age groups?​
 Little Eaglets: 4-6 years old.
 Junior Eaglets: 7-9 years old.
 Senior Eaglets: 10-14 years old.

 I have multiple kids, can I bring them all?​
 Of course, almost half of the 130 kids in our program are siblings! We make sure that they can train at the same time!

 My child is not 4 yet, can he/she train?
 While the youngest age for our programs is 4. Sometimes we will let kids join at 3.5 provided that they are big and mature enough to participate in the classes. The primary thing we are looking for in the youngest group is the ability to pay attention for the duration of the class, which is roughly 45 minutes.
 Please call the gym to talk to our Kids Program coordinator and potentially schedule a trial.

 What does a kids class look like?
 Here at Legion, our classes go beyond typical martial arts training—we use dynamic, jiu jitsu-based warm-ups to build coordination, balance, and body awareness from day one. Through fun, structured technique lessons and safe, controlled sparring, your child will not only learn how to defend themselves, but also develop focus, respect, and resilience.
 At the end of class, selected kids will be promoted with one of two different stripes.

 How many times per week should my child train?
 The short answer is as many times as possible. If that means once per week, that’s a whole lot better than zero times per week.
 Most of the kids in the program train 2-3x per week, which is great for consistent development.
 The most dedicated kids often do even two classes per dayy.

 ### legion is the most reviewed jiu jitsu academy in the world
 ## Read some of the Reviews
 Rated Excellent, 5/5 based on 2000+ reviews

 #### Great facilities and instructors

 Excellent attention with the kids classes. Adults classes are positive and good for beginners. Sunday open rolls are awesome with both Gi and no Gi occurring.

 Andrew Linsky – Google

 #### Highly recommend!

 My family is learning so much. By far the best martial arts gym I’ve ever been to. The staff is incredible and the coaches are so knowledgeable….

 Ronald Conner – Google

 ## Legion has one of the best kids programs.

 My son has been training for about 11 months now and he’s been loving every moment of it. The kids program has been growing more and more every week but the kids program has so many coaches that my kid still gets 1:1 time. Each coach adds different insights and tips and my son loves all of them especially coach Mike. At legion it’s a family environment, i enjoy coming here and watching my son train.

 Gina Aldape – Google

 ## I love this place.

 The last time I participated in martial arts, was almost 40 years ago. I always appreciated jiu Jitsu, but believed I was too old and it would be too risky at 48 for me to participate. I had enrolled my 5YO son in the jr eaglets program and was chatting with Miha who assured me their 5wk beginner program would be a perfect place for me to start.
 With a little hesitation and a lot of fear of the unknown, I signed up and can honestly say it has been an amazing learning experience for me. The coaches, the community, online learning tools and the facility are incredible. I look forward to every day on the mats and will be enrolling my daughter in the jr eaglets program as soon as she turns 4.

 Gil Alfaro – Google

 ### Alex's boys
 ## Parent Story

 ### interested in more?
 ## Explore All Our Programs
 ## Adults Beginner
 - 👨 Age required: 14+ - 🪜 Experience: Any

 Start from here
 Learn more

 ## Intermediate - Advanced Program
 - 👨 Age required: 16+ - 🪜 Experience: Blue belt & up

 Book orientation class
 Learn more

 ## Private Lessons
 - 👨 Age required: 4+ - 🪜 Experience: Any

 Book private lessons
 Learn more

 contact us

 ## Did we forget something?
 Feel free for ask any questions by this or contact us through our various social media.

 ## phone
 858-888-1815

 ## email
 [email protected]

 ## Location
 7550 Miramar Rd, Suite #330, San Diego, CA 92126

 Menu
 Facebook-f Youtube Instagram

 Free 30-min Intro!
