---
source_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/adults/intermediate-advanced/
final_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/adults/intermediate-advanced/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:30.246Z
---

Skip to content ### gi & no-gi programs
 # Legion Intermediate- Advanced Program
 Advance your skills and evolve your game with our structured intermediate to advanced training sessions.

 Request to Join

 train smarter, roll harder

 ## Who is this program for?
 Members who reach the rank of blue belt, or get the green light from a Fundamentals coach, unlock the Intermediate-Advanced classes. These flagship classes typically happen at 6pm and feature top level techniques and methodologies.

 ## Program Overview
 5
 1750 reviews

 ## Request Access to Intermediate Classes
 ## gi classes
 - Monday-Friday 6pm

 ## instructors
 Andris Brunovskis, Dominique Bell, Keenan Cornelius, Austin Fraley et al.

 ## no-gi classes
 - Tuesday, Thursday 6pm - Monday, Wednesday, Friday 7.30pm - Sunday 11am

 ## instructors
 Sloan Clymer, Andris Brunovskis, Jacob Semsem

 ## Course includes
 - Advanced drilling & live positional sparring - Concept-driven instruction - Constraint-based games - Competition prep available

 Request to Join

 reviews

 ## Intermediate-Advanced Program Testimonials
 ## Fantastic dojo!
 5

 Abbas Rizvi – Google

 ## It was AWESOME
 5

 Brandon Young – Google

 ## Very welcoming staff and members.
 5

 Sean Pikofsky – Google

 ## Incredibly inviting to all students.
 5

 Jeff Mount – Google

 ## The gym is very clean
 5

 David Nguyen – Google

 ## The coaches here are extremely attentive
 5

 Noemi M – Google

 american jiu-jitsu

 ## Gi Program
 Intermediate-advanced classes build on top of the Fundamentals curriculum, with the goal of progressing students from blue to black belt and beyond.
 The classes feature several world-renowned instructors with different games and teaching methodologies, which ensures that everyone ends up with a well-rounded game. All instructors have extensive competition experience and teach an up-to-date version of jiu-jitsu.

 american jiu-jitsu

 ## No-Gi Program
 Legion AJJ prides itself on providing high-level gi AND no-gi instruction. That’s why we have no-gi on the schedule every morning and evening.
 Our members get to ride the wave of popularity that submission grappling is experiencing and learn from professional no-gi athletes on a daily basis.

 takedown focused classes

 ## Judo & Wrestling for Jiu Jitsu
 It’s important to be able to take the fight to the ground. Both for self-defense and sport. That’s why we offer a special Judo For Jiu-Jitsu class and why our instructors work with Justin Flores to sharpen their wrestling and judo skills.
 This leads to all of our programs featuring an appropriate amount of takedown knowledge.

 learn

 ## Legion Open Mat
 Every Sunday, we host our traditional open mat. Always free, always around 100 people and always with good music and good vibes.
 It’s just rounds for 2 and a half hours, with a mix of gi and no-gi. Find all open mat info here:

 - The open mat price of admission is $0 - At Legion, we have 5800 sqft of mats - Our attendance record is more than 206 people from May 2022 - Not appropriate for complete beginners or kids.

 Open Mat Info

 Still thinking?

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 What are the length and structure of the classes like?
 The intermediate-advanced classes are 90 minutes long. The structure differs somewhat from instructor to instructor. Most of the time, we warm up with practicing technique, followed by specific sparring or carefully designed games, followed by rounds of sparring.

 What happens if I come to class late?
 The instructor berates you in front of everyone for having a job, providing for yourself and your family, paying for our membership and having the audacity to get caught in some traffic.
 Once you are done with your push ups you can wipe off the tears and train.
 Real answer: Nothing. Step on the mat, say hello to the instructor and join the class.

 Can you ask black belts to roll?
 The golden rule of sparring partner selection at Legion is: “Feel free to ask anyone to roll and feel free to decline any roll.”

 Do you award stripes to colored belts?
 We currently don’t award stripes to adult colored belts, just white belts. The difference in skill between a 1-stripe and 4-stripe white belt is so significant that the promotions help with training partner selection. At the colored belts, the hope is that everyone is already intrinsically motivated.

 Do the coaches roll?
 All of our coaches roll with the students and you can expect to get personalized feedback based on the round.

 ### legion is the most reviewed jiu jitsu academy in the world
 ## Read some of the Reviews
 Rated Excellent, 5/5 based on 1750+ reviews

 ## Great jiu-jitsu gym

 Their friendly staff are welcoming and instructors are knowledgeable, professional and compassionate. The entire place is clean and equipped with everything you need for your training. They can accommodate and meet the needs for all levels of jujitsu practitioners.

 Anna Jacobs – Google

 ## Solid jiu-jitsu gym

 Solid jiu-jitsu gym for all experience levels/ages—clean, professional, & stacked with experts. Great spot to meet other military service members and vets as well 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 –

 Danny J – Google

 ## Amazing gym, great culture, great coaches

 Do yourself and your Jiu jitsu game a favor and train here. The Sunday open mats are huge and people from all over the area travel to attend, their gi classes of 40+ students nightly prove the gi is not dead, their no-gi classes are huge as well. Lots of wrestling, judo , sparring from the feet, judo for Jiu jitsu class is a must take. Plenty of Jiu jitsu “games” or positional sparring with defined goals that help facilitate personal realization and growth. I’ve trained at many gyms around the world this is truly something special here.

 Laurence Bueno – Google

 ## Really phenomenal gym

 Really phenomenal gym, been attending for nearly a month and really enjoying it. The early morning 6:15 AM class is phenomenal, really great instruction and a welcoming group for newcomers, while also providing really good competition. This gym has:
 -tons of mat space
 -top notch instructors
 -friendly and welcoming atmosphere
 -weight racks and equipment accessible to members
 -best open mat in San Diego!!
 Can’t recommend highly enough!

 Jonathan C. – Google

 ### learn
 ## Explore All Our Programs
 ## Adults Beginner
 - 👨 Age required: 14+ - 🪜 Experience: 0-2 years🥋 Style: Gi, then No-Gi

 Start from here
 Learn more

 ## Private Lessons
 - 👨 Age required: 4+ - 🪜 Experience: Any🥋 Style: Gi or No-Gi

 Book private lessons
 Learn more

 ## Parents Program
 - 👨 Age required: Eaglet + Parent - 🪜 Experience: Any🥋 Style: Gi

 Start from here
 Learn more

 contact us

 ## Did we forget something?
 Feel free for ask any questions by this or contact us through our various social media.

 ## phone
 858-888-1815

 ## email
 [email protected]

 ## Location
 7550 Miramar Rd, Suite #330, San Diego, CA 92126

 Menu
 Facebook-f Youtube Instagram

 Free 30-min Intro!
