---
source_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/adults/
final_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/adults/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:30.341Z
---

Skip to content ### LEGION Adult programs
 # Legion AJJ Programs
 Learn more about the highly structured programs that we offer at Legion. Find out more about the progression, instructors and styles for the core offerings.

 Reserve your spot

 Steps

 ## Program Progression
 ## 5-Week Course
 (White belt)

 ## Fundamentals Program
 (White 1–4 Stripes)

 ## Intermediate - Advanced
 (Blue > Purple > Brown > Black belt)

 primary step

 ## Learn the Basics in 5 Weeks
 Never tried Jiu Jitsu before? No problem. This 5-week bootcamp has graduated over 1000, giving them 5 months’ worth of skills in 5 weeks. Learn the basics of jiu-jitsu in a safe and structured way, with professional coaches with a proven curriculum.

 belt level

 ## White belt

 ### Before the course

 - Zero-cost, Informative Orientation

 ### Week 1

 - Safety Basics - Practical Self-Defense

 ### Week 2

 - Dominant Positions - Concepts and Escapes

 ### Week 3

 - The Basics of Guard - Sweeps and Submissions

 ### Week 4

 - Transitions and Takedowns - Essential Submissions

 ### Week 5

 - Final Drills & Assessment - More Sparring - Graduation & Progression

 Beginner course info
 ## Legion AJJ Beginner Course Feedback
 5
 1750 reviews

 ### What’s Included in the 5- Week Program
 ## Standard class time
 - Monday, Wednesday 6pm - or - Tuesday, Thursday 6pm - 12pm Saturday (Bonus Class)

 ## instructors
 Miha Perhavec, Austin Fraley, Andris Brunovskis, Mike Gardner

 ## Course starts Soon and it includes
 - Structured Weekly Curriculum - Intro Classes with Expert Coaches - Coach feedback - Weekly curriculum - Progress Tracking Sheet - Basics of JJ Strategy & Safety - Meet & Train with Fellow Beginners

 Start Your 5-Week Journey

 next step

 ## Fundamentals Program
 The Fundamentals Program is designed to help new students solidify their understanding of core Jiu-Jitsu techniques, build physical conditioning, and gain confidence in controlled sparring. It’s the essential bridge between the beginner phase and more advanced training.
 The program comes in two “flavors”—gi and no-gi. At this stage, every member can consult with his or her coaches about which path they take. It’s either continuing training in the gi, doing exclusively no-gi or doing both. This depends mostly on personal preference and our black belts help guide each and every student.

 ## instructors
 Andris Brunovskis, Austin Fraley, Mike Gardner, Jake Semsem

 belt level

 ## White belt 1–4 Stripes

 ## Course schedule
 ## Gi Fundamentals

 Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday & Friday: 7.30 to 8.30pm

 ## No-Gi Fundamentals

 Monday, Wednesday & Friday: 7.30 to 8.30pm

 ## Class types
 ## Gi Classes
 The traditional gi (kimono) is used for 60% of the classes on the schedule. The grips on the fabric open up many options not found in no-gi and they make the game a little slower and more technical.

 ## No-Gi Classes
 No-Gi is a style of jiu-jitsu practiced in shorts and a rashguard (compressed t-shirt). It is more similar to wrestling and has a higher emphasis on takedowns and features some submissions not practiced in the gi.

 ## Courses include
 ### Unlimited Access To Daily Classes

 ### Access to 30+ video courses from Legion instructors ($2000 value)

 ### Access to Legion's gym area

 ### Weekly curriculum and coach feedback

 ### Zero-cost evaluations and promotions

 ### Opportunity to roll with black belts and receive their feedback

 ### Core advantages compared to random training at BJJ academies
 ### Refine Core Techniques
 Improves understanding of basics learned in the 5-week program.

 ### Mental Strategy
 Elevates thinking — not just “what to do,” but “why and when.”

 ### Live Drilling
 Introduces realistic training situations under coach supervision.

 ### Track Your Progress
 Offers visible progression through structured feedback.

 Reserve your spot for Fundamentals program

 reviews

 ## Beginner Program Testimonials
 ## Would recommend Legion any day
 5

 Hannah Reed – Google

 ## Truly a great experience
 5

 Michael Tracy – Google

 ## I felt welcomend the moment I walked in
 5

 Abel Lopez – Google

 ## Gained a lot more confidence
 5

 Audric-Ethan Sarmiento – Google

 ## Really good beginner program w Miha and Austin
 5

 Joseph Chan – Google

 ## I highly recommend taking the course
 5

 Meliana Auld-Pauole – Google

 final step

 ## Intermediate to Advanced Program
 Members who reach the rank of blue belt, or get the green light from a Fundamentals coach, unlock the Intermediate-Advanced classes. These flagship classes typically happen at 6pm and feature top level techniques and methodologies.
 The intermediate-advanced program offers gi and no-gi instruction and aims to graduate members to black belt and beyond.
 Join over 200 training partners in this program!

 Intermediate program info

 Belt level

 ## Blue, Purple, Brown & Black Belt

 ### Request Access to Intermediate Classes
 ### GI CLASSES
 - Monday-Friday 6pm

 ## instructors
 Andris Brunovskis, Dominique Bell, Keenan Cornelius, Austin Fraley et al.

 ### no-gi classes
 - Wednesday 8am - Tuesday, Thursday 6pm - Monday, Wednesday, Friday 7.30pm - Sunday 11am

 ## instructors
 Sloan Clymer, Andris Brunovskis, Jacob Semsem

 ### program includes
 - Gi Program - No-Gi Program - Judo & Wrestling for Jiu Jitsu - Advanced drilling & live positional sparring - Concept-driven instruction - Competition prep available

 Request to join

 reviews

 ## Intermediate-Advanced Program Testimonials
 ## Fantastic dojo!
 5

 Abbas Rizvi – Google

 ## It was AWESOME
 5

 Brandon Young – Google

 ## Very welcoming staff and members.
 5

 Sean Pikofsky – Google

 ## Incredibly inviting to all students.
 5

 Jeff Mount – Google

 ## The gym is very clean
 5

 David Nguyen – Google

 ## The coaches here are extremely attentive
 5

 Noemi M – Google

 Family friendly

 ## Parents program
 It is very rare for an academy to offer an opportunity for parents to train at the same time as their kids.
 At Legion, we take full advantage of our massive mat space and put on a parents class four times per week. After all, jiu-jitsu is all about the efficiency of technique and movement. Why not make the classes time-efficient as well?
 Parents need a workout too and many want to lead by example and step on the mats at the same time as their kids.

 Parents Program Info

 belt level

 ### White, Blue, Purple, Brown & Black Belt

 ### Request Access to Parents Classes
 ## Standard class time
 - Tuesday. Thursday & Friday 5pm

 ## instructors
 Jonathan Fennell, Austin Fraley

 - Sunday 11am

 ## instructor
 Andris Brunovskis

 ## Course includes
 - Train at the same time as your kids - Friendly all levels classes - Extremely time efficient - Family discount available - Be a great example

 Request to join

 Still thinking?

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 I have ZERO experience, can I train at Legion?
 Not only can you train at Legion, but our 5-Week Beginner Course is the most successful beginner program in America. It is designed specifically for people who have no previous experience.

 What's the requirement for joining Fundamentals without doing the Beginner Course?
 We work with everyone during their orientation to figure out where they should start with the amount of experience they already have. Typically 5 months of training at another academy is a good point to skip the beginner course.
 More often than not, people want to join the course even with several months of experience because it fills any holes you may have in your game.

 What is the pricing for the programs?
 There are quite a few different pricing options and we are not secretive about them at all.
 However, we don’t list them on the website. We do a detailed breakdown during your orientation. The reasons for that are that:
 - We want to determine which program would work best for you first. - We want you to know what you would be paying for and explaining what we offer.
 Legion is unlike any other jiu-jitsu academy and we don’t like to be price compared before people know exactly what we offer.

 Does the no-gi program have belt promotions?
 Yes of course. Most of our members split their training between the gi and no-gi classes. The coaches work together with the help of our proprietary software and schedule a promotion for the gi class.
 However, the members who train exclusively no-gi get promoted during the no-gi classes. There is no requirement to do gi to be promoted to a new belt.

 What is the schedule like?
 You can find our up-to-date schedule here .

 ### legion is the most reviewed jiu jitsu academy in the world
 ## Read some of the Reviews
 Rated Excellent, 5/5 based on 2000+ reviews

 ### Solid jiu-jitsu gym

 Solid jiu-jitsu gym for all experience levels/ages—clean, professional, & stacked with experts. Great spot to meet other military service members and vets as well 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

 Danny J – Google

 ### Gained a lot of confidence

 1st month beginner class helped me get my body comfortable with the basic movements of JJ and sparring. Now I am in month 2 taking fundamentals along with the weekend judo class. Gained a lot more confidence with my movements and understanding of positions in a short time thanks to the structure of their program

 Audric-Ethan Sarmiento – Google

 ### Amazing gym, great culture, great coaches

 Do yourself and your Jiu jitsu game a favor and train here. The Sunday open mats are huge and people from all over the area travel to attend, their gi classes of 40+ students nightly prove the gi is not dead, their no-gi classes are huge as well. Lots of wrestling, judo , sparring from the feet, judo for Jiu jitsu class is a must take. Plenty of Jiu jitsu “games” or positional sparring with defined goals that help facilitate personal realization and growth. I’ve trained at many gyms around the world this is truly something special here.

 Laurence Bueno – Google

 ### Really phenomenal gym

 Really phenomenal gym, been attending for nearly a month and really enjoying it. The early morning 6:15 AM class is phenomenal, really great instruction and a welcoming group for newcomers, while also providing really good competition. This gym has:
 -tons of mat space
 -top notch instructors
 -friendly and welcoming atmosphere
 -weight racks and equipment accessible to members
 -best open mat in San Diego!!
 Can’t recommend highly enough!

 Jonathan C. – Google

 contact us

 ## Did we forget something?
 Feel free for ask any questions by this or contact us through our various social media.

 ## phone
 858-888-1815

 ## email
 [email protected]

 ## Location
 7550 Miramar Rd, Suite #330, San Diego, CA 92126

 Menu
 Facebook-f Youtube Instagram

 Free 30-min Intro!
