---
source_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/adults/beginner/
final_url: https://legionsandiego.com/programs/adults/beginner/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:31.501Z
---

Skip to content ### THE BEST WAY TO START TRAINING
 # Legion Beginner Program
 Avoid years of confusion and random or plain bad experiences. Give yourself the best shot with Legion’s Beginner program.

 Start here

 primary step

 ## Learn the Basics in 5 Weeks
 Never tried Jiu Jitsu before? No problem. This 5-week bootcamp has graduated over 1000, giving them 5 months’ worth of skills in 5 weeks. Learn the basics of jiu-jitsu in a safe and structured way, with professional coaches with a proven curriculum.

 belt level

 ## White belt

 ### Before the course

 - Zero-cost, Informative Orientation

 ### Week 1

 - Safety Basics - Practical Self-Defense

 ### Week 2

 - Dominant Positions - Concepts and Escapes

 ### Week 3

 - The Basics of Guard - Sweeps and Submissions

 ### Week 4

 - Transitions and Takedowns - Essential Submissions

 ### Week 5

 - Final Drills & Assessment - More Sparring - Graduation & Progression

 Beginner course info
 ## Legion AJJ Beginner Course Feedback
 5
 1750 reviews

 ### What’s Included in the 5- Week Program
 ## Standard class time
 - Monday, Wednesday 6pm - or - Tuesday, Thursday 6pm - 12pm Saturday (Bonus Class)

 ## instructors
 Miha Perhavec, Austin Fraley, Andris Brunovskis, Mike Gardner

 ## Course starts Soon and it includes
 - Structured Weekly Curriculum - Intro Classes with Expert Coaches - Coach feedback - Weekly curriculum - Progress Tracking Sheet - Basics of JJ Strategy & Safety - Meet & Train with Fellow Beginners

 Start Your 5-Week Journey

 next step

 ## Fundamentals Program
 The Fundamentals Program is designed to help new students solidify their understanding of core Jiu-Jitsu techniques, build physical conditioning, and gain confidence in controlled sparring. It’s the essential bridge between the beginner phase and more advanced training.
 The program comes in two “flavors”—gi and no-gi. At this stage, every member can consult with his or her coaches about which path they take. It’s either continuing training in the gi, doing exclusively no-gi or doing both. This depends mostly on personal preference and our black belts help guide each and every student.

 ## instructors
 Andris Brunovskis, Austin Fraley, Mike Gardner, Jake Semsem

 belt level

 ## White belt 1–4 Stripes

 ## Course schedule
 ## Gi Fundamentals

 Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday & Friday: 7.30 to 8.30pm

 ## No-Gi Fundamentals

 Monday, Wednesday & Friday: 7.30 to 8.30pm

 ## Class types
 ## Gi Classes
 The traditional gi (kimono) is used for 60% of the classes on the schedule. The grips on the fabric open up many options not found in no-gi and they make the game a little slower and more technical.

 ## No-Gi Classes
 No-Gi is a style of jiu-jitsu practiced in shorts and a rashguard (compressed t-shirt). It is more similar to wrestling and has a higher emphasis on takedowns and features some submissions not practiced in the gi.

 ## Courses include
 ### Unlimited Access To Daily Classes

 ### Access to 30+ video courses from Legion instructors ($2000 value)

 ### Access to Legion's gym area

 ### Weekly curriculum and coach feedback

 ### Zero-cost evaluations and promotions

 ### Opportunity to roll with black belts and receive their feedback

 ### Core advantages compared to random training at BJJ academies
 ### Refine Core Techniques
 Improves understanding of basics learned in the 5-week program.

 ### Mental Strategy
 Elevates thinking — not just “what to do,” but “why and when.”

 ### Live Drilling
 Introduces realistic training situations under coach supervision.

 ### Track Your Progress
 Offers visible progression through structured feedback.

 Reserve your spot for Fundamentals program

 reviews

 ## Beginner Program Testimonials
 ## Would recommend Legion any day
 5

 Hannah Reed – Google

 ## Truly a great experience
 5

 Michael Tracy – Google

 ## I felt welcomend the moment I walked in
 5

 Abel Lopez – Google

 ## Gained a lot more confidence
 5

 Audric-Ethan Sarmiento – Google

 ## Really good beginner program w Miha and Austin
 5

 Joseph Chan – Google

 ## I highly recommend taking the course
 5

 Meliana Auld-Pauole – Google

 ### legion is the most reviewed jiu jitsu academy in the world
 ## Read some of the Reviews
 Rated Excellent, 5/5 based on 1750+ reviews

 ## Great jiu-jitsu gym

 Their friendly staff are welcoming and instructors are knowledgeable, professional and compassionate. The entire place is clean and equipped with everything you need for your training. They can accommodate and meet the needs for all levels of jujitsu practitioners.

 Anna Jacobs – Google

 ## Solid jiu-jitsu gym

 Solid jiu-jitsu gym for all experience levels/ages—clean, professional, & stacked with experts. Great spot to meet other military service members and vets as well 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 –

 Danny J – Google

 ## Amazing gym, great culture, great coaches

 Do yourself and your Jiu jitsu game a favor and train here. The Sunday open mats are huge and people from all over the area travel to attend, their gi classes of 40+ students nightly prove the gi is not dead, their no-gi classes are huge as well. Lots of wrestling, judo , sparring from the feet, judo for Jiu jitsu class is a must take. Plenty of Jiu jitsu “games” or positional sparring with defined goals that help facilitate personal realization and growth. I’ve trained at many gyms around the world this is truly something special here.

 Laurence Bueno – Google

 ## Really phenomenal gym

 Really phenomenal gym, been attending for nearly a month and really enjoying it. The early morning 6:15 AM class is phenomenal, really great instruction and a welcoming group for newcomers, while also providing really good competition. This gym has:
 -tons of mat space
 -top notch instructors
 -friendly and welcoming atmosphere
 -weight racks and equipment accessible to members
 -best open mat in San Diego!!
 Can’t recommend highly enough!

 Jonathan C. – Google

 contact us

 ## Did we forget something?
 Feel free for ask any questions by this or contact us through our various social media.

 ## phone
 858-888-1815

 ## email
 [email protected]

 ## Location
 7550 Miramar Rd, Suite #330, San Diego, CA 92126

 Menu
 Facebook-f Youtube Instagram

 Free 30-min Intro!
