---
source_url: https://www.combatathleticsacademy.com/classes
final_url: https://www.combatathleticsacademy.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:05:07.980Z
---

## CLASSES
 Muay Thai (Thai Boxing) is over 3000 years old and is the national sport of Thailand. Known as the "Art and Science of Eight Limbs" Muay Thai uses both fists, elbows, knees and feet to devastating effect. Here at Combat Athletics you will learn all the aspects of this beautiful art.
 The top level instructors blend traditional Thai Boxing plus Western/European style training to give students the perfect mix making it ideal for any level, whether it is self defence, MMA or sport you are interested in.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is arguably the fastest growing martial art today. Formed from Kodokan Judo ground fighting (Ne-Waza) fundamentals that were taught to Carlos Gracie by master Mitsuyo Maeda It, it combines take downs, controlling one's opponent and submission based holds. BJJ can often "equalise" some of the advantages usually enjoyed by larger opponents by emphasising skill and technique to force an opponent to submit via joint locks or chokeholds.
 Our lineage: Howard Hughes is a BJJ Black Belt under Mark Tucker - Professer Pedro Bessa - Eduardo Telles - Romero Cavalcanti - Rolls Gracie - Hélio Gracie - Carlos Gracie - Mitsuyo Maeda.

 Filipino martial arts (FMA) refers to the ancient and newer modified fighting methods devised in the Philippines . the most popular forms of which are known as Arnis, Eskrima and Kali.
This martial arts style is focused on the use of stick and blade weapons, utilising a wide variety of techniques to maximise efficiency with each of them.
