---
source_url: https://champlinbjj.com/programs/
final_url: https://champlinbjj.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:07.448Z
---

# BJJ Programs

 Master the Art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Champlin Jiu-Jitsu Academy Classes

 Join our diverse range of classes designed for all skill levels and ages. Whether you’re a beginner or experienced practitioner, we have the perfect class for you.

 ### Kids Program

 Our kids program is divided into separately scheduled classes for two age groups: 5-8 and 8-14.

 ### Adult Programs

 We offer 3 different classes to fit your goals. Fundamentals to develop the core principles, all levels class for Jiu-Jitsu practitioners of all experience levels and no-gi to learn techniques without the Gi.

 ## Our Classes

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Designed for children, this class emphasizes discipline, respect, and foundational jiu-jitsu skills in a fun, engaging setting.
 Our kids 5-8 class has an emphasis on learning the most basic Jiu-Jitsu movements that will not only help a child on the mat, but in almost any other athletic/physical endeavor they do in the future. We do address self-defense, and put them in specific (and always supervised) games/sparring situations that will challenge them, but having fun while learning is always the top priority for this age group.
 Our 8-14 class in many ways resembles much of what is taught in our adult program, in smaller doses. In this class students really begin to learn the full spectrum of Jiu-Jitsu and its applications for both sport and self defense. While it is never mandatory, kids in this age group often decide to further challenge themselves in sport Jiu-Jitsu competition!

 LEARN MORE

 ### Adult Beginner Fundamentals

 Ideal for newcomers, this class teaches the core techniques and concepts of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, providing a solid foundation.
 Our fundamentals classes are designed to familiarize beginners with the concepts, positions, and techniques that are essential for any Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner. This class begins with a warmup consisting of several simple moves that may be done solo or with a partner (depending on the drill).
 After the warmup the bulk of the class will be spent learning and practicing whatever techniques or positions we are focused on – generally we will stick with a theme for a couple weeks to ensure that everyone has ample time to learn. While this class has less time built into it for live rolling (sparring), the last part of the class may be dedicated to positional sparring, or drilling the techniques of the day while our partner attempts to resist.

 LEARN MORE

 ### All Levels

 Suitable for all practitioners, this class offers a blend of techniques and drills to improve skills and fitness.
 The “All-Levels” classes are open to members of any experience level – beginners are highly encouraged to attend. The instruction in this class is a mixture of fundamentals and exploration of modern Jiu-Jitsu styles. The format of this class may vary slightly from one week to the next but the class will always contain both technical instruction and live rolling.

 LEARN MORE

 ### Adult No-Gi

 This class focuses on techniques without the traditional gi, enhancing speed and adaptability in various scenarios.
 Our NoGi classes are open to members of any experience level, and operate at a similar pace and structure to our other All Levels classes. Rather than training in the Gi, participants generally wear Boardshorts and Rashguards (compression shirts) – the change in uniform forces practitioners to adapt what they’ve learned in the Gi, and to learn totally different techniques. Training both Gi and NoGi will give one a truly well-rounded Jiu-Jitsu skillset.

 LEARN MORE

 Schedule your free class!

 ## Get Started With Champlin Jiu-Jitsu In 3 Easy Steps

 STEP #1

 #### Schedule a free introductory class

 Begin your path to gaining confidence, building resilience, and mastering the art of brazilian Jiu-Jitsu by scheduling your free introductory class today.

 STEP #2

 #### Build a fun and enjoyable Jiu-jitsu foundation

 No matter which of our classes you are taking, kids, no-gi or all levels, you will establish a solid base of Jiu-Jitsu that will have you coming back for more.

 STEP #3

 #### Become part of our encouraging community

 Discover your full potential in a supportive environment focused on personal growth and strong relationships. Embrace the life-changing power of Jiu-Jitsu with us today.

 Schedule your free class!

 ##### SCHEDULE YOUR FREE Class!
 CLOSE
