---
source_url: https://gjjsouthlands.com
final_url: https://gjjsouthlands.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:27.486Z
---

Schedule

 Pricing

 Contact Us

 ## Get 2 Weeks of free training!

 # Kids & Teen Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 ## Our kids only jiu-jitsu location focuses on teaching your child how to defend themself in any situation and become a jiu-jitsu warrior!

 Get 2 Weeks Free

 ## Kids Only Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 ## At Gracie Jiu Jitsu Southlands, we have classes for ages 5-17 where we not only teach how to defend yourself in any situation but also how to build a solid foundation for the sport of jiu-jitsu.

 VIEW PRICING

 ## CHECK OUR CLASS HOURS

 ## Tuesday: 4:30pm - 7:15pm

 ## Thursday: 4:30pm - 7:15pm

 CHECK SCHEDULE

 ## BECOME BULLYPROOF!

 ## Your child will learn how to defend themselves in situations with bullies and attackers through realistic scenarios in a fun, safe environment!

 ## PROVEN CIRRICULUM

 ## Straight from the source, our curriculum is directly from the Gracie family that invented Brazilian Jiu Jitsu which is appropriate for all ages

 ## SUPPORTIVE COMMUNITY

 ## We focus on ensuring your child feels welcomed and safe with other students to reach their common goal of leveling up in Jiu Jitsu!

 ## Experience monthly flexibility # with no long-term commitments.

 ## We want the quality of our programs to keep you, not a contract.

 ## Little Champs (5-7)

 # Tuesday & Thursday # 4:30pm - 5:15pm

 # $135 / Month

 Our little champs program focuses on learning the fundamentals of jiu-jitsu while making it fun and engaging for younger kids.

 Get 2 Weeks Free

 ## Junior Grapplers (8-12)

 ## Tuesday & Thursday ## 5:15pm - 6:15pm

 # $150 / Month

 In Junior Grapplers, we focus on expanding on the fundamentals. They will learn how to fully defend themself in any situation physically and verbally.

 Get 2 Weeks Free

 ## Gracie Teens (13-17)

 # Tuesday & Thursday # 6:15pm - 7:15pm

 # $160 / Month

 In the Teen's class, we take any kid and make them into advanced jiu-jitsu practitioners. We will focus on both the street and sport aspects of jiu-jitsu.

 Get 2 Weeks Free

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 #### Why Jiu-Jitsu over other martial arts?

 Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and self-defense system that teaches students how to stay safe by using technique, leverage, and control rather than strength or size. It focuses on real-world situations, like dealing with bullies or escaping from someone who is bigger or stronger.
 At our school, we follow the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu system, which is specifically designed to help kids:
 - Stay calm under pressure
 - Escape from dangerous situations
 - Control an opponent without causing harm
 - Build confidence and awareness
 Unlike striking-based martial arts, Jiu-Jitsu emphasizes safety, control, and smart decision-making which makes it one of the most effective and practical self-defense systems for kids.

 #### Is this a reputable place to train? Can I trust the instructors?

 Absolutely. Our curriculum comes directly from the Gracie family who invented Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our head instructors are black belts who have been certified through the Gracie family to instruct classes at the same quality and standard as our headquarters in Los Angeles, CA. All of our instructors are also law-enforcement background checked to ensure safety to all students.
 At Gracie Jiu Jitsu Southlands, the head instructor is Ethan Debelak. He is a black belt who has been training Jiu-Jitsu for 18 years and has many times competed & placed in world and professional tournaments.

 #### Is prior experience needed?

 No prior experience is required. Our classes are suitable for all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Our instructors provide personalized guidance to help you progress at your own pace.

 #### What should a student wear to the first class?

 For your first class, wear comfortable athletic clothing and bring a water bottle. Clothing must be well-fitted. Upon signing up, you can purchase a gi uniform and belt.

 #### Do you offer a free trial where parents can watch?

 Yes! We offer a 2 Week Free Trial so your child can experience the program firsthand and see if it’s a good fit. There's no pressure, no commitment. We also encourage parents to watch the class, especially during the trial. This gives you a chance to see exactly how we teach, how we handle safety, and how we build confidence in each student. Many parents feel much more comfortable after seeing how structured, supportive, and positive the environment is.

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 ## Call or Text

 720-450-0142

 ## Address

 6410 S Newcastle Way, Aurora Colorado 80016

 ## © Copyright Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Southlands 2026. All rights reserved ## Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
