---
source_url: http://graciebarrasalisbury.co.uk
final_url: https://www.graciebarrasalisbury.co.uk/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:06:01.863Z
---

[GBS] Get Your Free 7 Day Trial - Sitewide #### GET your free 7 day JIU-JITSU trial One week free trial in March
 Please fill in your details below

 What Class are you interested in? * What Class are you interested in? Little Champions (3-7 Years Old) Juniors (8-12 Years Old) Teens (+13 Years Old) Adults Private Training
 Name: *
 Email *
 Mobile *
 Postcode *
 CONTINUE

 If you are human, leave this field blank.

 # tap into your potential ## Jiu-Jitsu For Everyone WHATEVER YOUR AGE, ABILITY OR GENDER…
 ONE WEEK FREE TRIAL IN MARCH

 # Tap into your potential ## jiu-jitsu For Everyone WHATEVER YOUR AGE, ABILITY OR GENDER…
 GET YOUR 7 DAY FREE JIU-JITSU TRIAL
 NOTHING TO PAY UNTIL NOVEMBER 1ST
 WHEN YOU SIGN UP IN OCTOBER

 # tap into your potential ## Jiu-Jitsu For Everyone

 # Tap into your potential ## jiu-jitsu For Everyone

 GET YOUR

 FREE 7 DAY TRIAL TODAY

 # Our School

 Experience the legacy of Gracie Barra, a name renowned for excellence and trust in the world of martial arts. Our uncompromising commitment to the art of Jiu-Jitsu has catapulted us to becoming a leader in the space, and we are proud to be a part of the thriving martial arts community in Salisbury.
 What sets us apart is our extraordinary commitment to your martial arts journey. With Gracie Barra, you’re not just joining a local gym; you’re becoming part of a global family. Gain access to a vast network of over 1,000 Gracie Barra Schools worldwide, where you’ll discover world-class Jiu-Jitsu equipment and a treasure trove of online resources to enhance your training experience.
 At Gracie Barra, we embrace a holistic approach to Jiu-Jitsu, nurturing physical and mental well-being. Our GB School in Salisbury is led by certified Gracie Barra instructors who are not just mentors but partners in your growth. They guide you through rigorous training programs, empowering you to unlock your full potential.

 # Our Programs

 Experience a wide range of martial arts programs tailored for all ages and abilities at our facility.
 We provide a wide range of classes, including Jiu-Jitsu classes for children and adults, wrestling classes,
 and self-defence classes designed to empower both men and women.

 #### Kids and Teens Our Gracie Barra Kids Programs are specifically crafted to teach children of all ages self-discipline and self-defence skills.

 #### Adults Our adult classes welcome individuals of all backgrounds and skill levels to learn the art of Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### No-Gi Our adult No-Gi classes are open to individuals of all backgrounds and skill levels, providing an opportunity to master the art of Jiu-Jitsu without the traditional Gi.

 #### Private Training Enrol in private Jiu-Jitsu lessons to enhance your grasp of the martial art and elevate your training to new heights.

 # GET your

 7 DAY JIU-JITSU TRIAL TODAY

 # Meet the instructors

 Our instructors undergo rigorous training through the Gracie Barra Instructor Certification Programme, guaranteeing an exceptional learning experience for all our students.

 ### ANTONIO BUSTORFF Professor

 ### Callum swift Professor

 ### Michael D’aguiar Professor

 ### Marcus Cowen Coach

 Meet the instructors

 ## Our Facilities

 Gracie Barra Salisbury holds the esteemed title of a Gracie Barra Premium school, providing exceptional Jiu-Jitsu training facilities right here in Salisbury.
 - World class instructors - Brand new male/female showers and changing rooms - Large, high-quality matted areas - Full time schedule

 Salisbury

 # We are Gracie Barra

 At Gracie Barra Salisbury, you become an integral part of our extended family. You'll be supported by a team dedicated to nurturing your journey of self-improvement, fostering the acquisition of knowledge and skills needed to conquer life's challenges, just like a black belt.

 Find Out More

 # WHY Gracie Barra

 Our team of instructors have been extensively trained in the teaching philosophy and methods of Carlos Gracie Jr., the founder of Gracie Barra. With a combined teaching experience of over 10 years, you can trust that you and your family are in excellent hands here at GB Salisbury.

 Find Out More

 # The Blog

 Explore our blog to stay informed about upcoming events and activities at Gracie Barra Salisbury and insights into Jiu-Jitsu for beginners and veterans.

 ## Mental Health Awareness Month: A Deep Dive with Professor Michael D’Aguiar and the Healing Power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu May marks Mental Health Awareness Month, a crucial time to focus on the importance of mental well-being. Today, we’re exploring this theme through the eyes of Professor Michael D’Aguiar, a seasoned Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) practitioner and mental health professional....

 read more
 ## Beyond the Mat: Finn’s Personal Growth Through Jiu-Jitsu At the age of 18, Finn embarked on a journey that would not only redefine his perception of martial arts but also pave the way for personal growth and empowerment. Late October 2023 marked the beginning of Finn's adventure with Gracie Barra Salisbury Jiu-Jitsu, fueled...

 read more
 ## Pride, Focus, Community: Andy’s Reflection on His Jiu-Jitsu Experience Approaching his 30s without any significant hobbies, Andy Tilson found himself at a crossroads. Uninspired by traditional activities like running and wary of the inherent violence in combat sports, Andy's quest for a healthier lifestyle led him to a surprising...

 read more
