---
source_url: http://trinitybjj.com
final_url: https://www.trinitybjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:54.704Z
---

## “Challenging your Mind, Body, and Spirit!” (1 Thess. 5:23) # # *FREE TRIAL! # *NO CONTRACTS! # * NO PRESSURE! # * CLASSES FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY! # CALL 210-867-7268 TODAY TO SET UP YOUR FREE EVALUATION AND INTRODUCTORY PRIVATE LESSON! # ASK FOR DARYL! ## ## Why Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?… ## It’s Technical, Ethical, and Practical! ### We are located @ 7220 Hwy 281 North (Unit 1) Spring Branch, Texas, 78070. It is in the Spring Branch Business Center, just north of Community Bible Church.
 ## ## Here are our current schedule of classes: ## Here are our Fees… - Trinity Jiu Jitsu: Tuition is just $180 per month for Adults and Big Kids (Unlimited Classes and includes Trinity Strike for Big kids and Adults). For Little Kids, it is just $160 a month.
 - Trinity Strike (Muay Thai) ONLY is $140.00 per month (teens 13 years through adult). Note: This program is currently included with the Trinity Jiu Jitsu membership!
 - Absolutely NO CONTRACTS!
 - Must be put on automatic monthly billing (credit card or bank draft)
 - Discounts if paid in full and in advance (6 months or a year). Inquire with Dr. Rodriguez
 - Discounts available for Families, active Police, Fire department, and Military. Inquire with Dr. Rodriguez
 - Gi (Jiu Jitsu Uniform and Team Patches) required (additional cost) for Jiu JItsu program
 - Boxing gloves, shin guards, head gear (kids), mouthpiece, hand wraps required (additional cost) for Trinity Strike program
 ## ## Who we are and what we are about… We are a Andre “Tim” Monteiro affiliate Brazilian Jiu Jitsu School located in Spring Branch Texas. Our classes are taught/supervised by Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt Professor, Dr. Daryl Rodriguez. If you are searching for top notch Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction at a great hill country location search no more.
 - Challenge your mind, body, and spirit - Get a great cardio workout - Increase strength and flexibility - learn effective and ethical self-defense - Get in great shape - Reduce stress and anxiety - have fun in a safe environment - Build self-confidence - Build your character
 Our focus is the technical development and safety of each student at our academy. An organized and comprehensive curriculum in traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is taught at our school.
 ### Call us to schedule your free trial and evaluation! (210-867-7268) ### Private individual or group lessons available by appointment. Private lessons can also be scheduled at your home or business.

 ### Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment.

 - Search for: - Archives December 2015 December 2014 December 2013 August 2013 May 2013 April 2013 February 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 January 2012 - Meta Log in
