---
source_url: https://tigersdenmartialarts.com/programs/children-martial-arts/tiny-tigers
final_url: https://tigersdenmartialarts.com/programs/children-martial-arts/tiny-tigers
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:14.463Z
---

Back to Previous Page
 ## A Martial Arts Blueprint for Healthy Child Development Looking for a fun activity for your child that also helps prepare them for the real world?
 #### Getting started is easy: ### • Redeem Web Special • Schedule 1st Class • Begin Martial Arts!

 # Tiny Tigers # Exclusive Web Offer ## Limited Spots Available
 Full Name
 Last Name Phone
 fax Email
 comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree.
 By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo View Web Specials!

 We respect your privacy and will NEVER sell, rent
 or share your email address.

 ## A Martial Arts Blueprint for Healthy Child Development Looking for a fun activity for your child that also helps prepare them for the real world?
 #### Getting started is easy: ### • Redeem Web Special • Schedule 1st Class • Begin Martial Arts!

 Mom & Dad,
 ## We understand how important choosing the right activity for your child is. It should not be so difficult and challenging. Let's face it, it can be a bit overwhelming thinking about your child getting older so quickly. As much as you want to think they are prepared for school, every parent has the same questions. Are they ready to socialize with their new classmates? Will they stay focused on the teacher during class and keep up with the other children?
 Our Tiny Tigers program is designed to enhance your child's ability to pay attention and follow directions. In the age of sensory overload, this is a skill that will provide your children with immediate results that will reflect positively on their academic work.
 ### Parenting should not have to be a stressful task you face alone! ### Let Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness help you equip your child for success in the real world.

 ## tiny tigers specialize in Hand-Eye Coordination

 Balance & Focus

 Self-Confidence

 ## Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness Is Your Partner in Parenting We teach the same values you teach at home, in a positive, safe & fun environment.
 The foundation of the Tiny Tigers curriculum is the education and development of life-skills such as positive mental attitude, high goal-setting, perseverance, self-control and confidence.
 Everything from your child's grades to their attitude will soar as they learn valuable life skills with our program. We see this each and every day here at Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness. We love seeing our students grow and our staff is dedicated to each and every child that walks through our doors

 ## GETTING STARTED IS EASY! ### REDEEM Our Exclusive
 Web Offer

 ### SCHEDULE Your Child's First
 Semi-Private Lesson

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## WHAT MAKES Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness ARTS DIFFERENTFROM OTHER KARATE & Martial Arts SCHOOLS?
 We focus on the personal development aspect of Martial Arts, not just self-defense moves.

 Our instructors are all certified black belts, qualified and professionally trained to teach Martial Arts.

 Our facility is always clean and features a viewing area for parents, as well as matted floors throughout.

 ## PARENTS, DID YOU KNOW...

 ## 1 OUT OF 4 KIDS is a victim of bullying

 ## 42.5% OF TEENS in the U.S. try drugs

 ## 25% OF H.S. STUDENTS fail to graduate on time

 ## DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD BECOME A STATISTIC. ### Equip them with the tools to succeed in the real world with our Tiny Tigers program. Our students regularly go on to join Ivy schools and become community leaders. The values they learn during their Martial Arts journey are the same you teach at home and last a lifetime.

 ## 3 WAYS OUR Childrens MARTIAL ARTS CLASSESHELP YOUR CHILD REACH THEIR POTENTIAL: ### SOCIAL SKILLS Social interaction teaches kids how to effectively work as part of a team.

 ### PHYSICAL FITNESS Martial Arts helps improve coordination and is an excellent form of exercise.

 ### BUILD HEALTHY HABITS Building healthy habits early on can help prevent obesity and diabetes later in life.

 ## AT Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness, IT IS OUR MISSION TO HELP YOU RAISE A CONFIDENT, FOCUSED LEADER WITH THE LIFE-TRANSFORMING EXPERIENCE THAT IS MARTIAL ARTS.

 ## Stand Up To Bullies & Resist Peer Pressure Here at Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness your child will learn confidence that will stay with them throughout their life. Martial arts encourages non-violent conflict resolution and teaches socialization skills to diffuse tense situations rather than actively engage in them.

 ## Learn Goal-Setting Skills Belt testing provides an excellent exercise for kids in learning how to set and achieve goals. Their self-esteem will continue to rise with each accomplishment as they watch their hard work pay off.

 ## Improve Focus and Self-Control Complex physical activities such as martial arts have proven to strengthen the brain’s neural networks, helping kids improve their focus and self-control. This can be especially beneficial for kids with ADD/ADHD.

 ## A Strong Sense of Respect The traditional nature of martial arts teaches kids respect in their classes, whether they are taking a bow or waiting patiently for the next set of instructions. This sense of respect also helps kids improve their grades, while improving their listening skills at home and in school.

 ## What Other Parents Are Saying:
 We love Tigers Den! The kids love their Sensai Omar kyosha Cari and Master Z!!!! They have learned so much! Very proud of the girls and what they have learned
 Tyna Nguyen
 League City

 Hands on, family owned and operated, these people CARE about the kids. I have yet to see a child that was not spoken to by name. Academics are stressed, kids are encouraged and skills are rewarded. They also give back to the community. Cannot say enough good things about Tigers Den! Thanks for all you do.
 Ginger Jones Sprouse
 Clear Lake

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 What Age Groups Are Available for Children's Martial Arts? Our Pre-School program is ages 3-7, while Pre-Teens is Ages 8-13

 Are There Long Membership Commitments? We offer month to month memberships as well as savings on longer plans

 What Happens After I Purchase the Trial Offer? You will receive an email with instructions on how to schedule your first class. One of our instructors will call you, or you may call the school directly.

 Will My Child Be Fighting Other Children? Absolutely not. Although they will learn cool martial arts and self-defense moves, your child will learn how to AVOID fights, not pick them.

 I Love All the Benefits Such as Confidence, Self-Esteem, and Focus … But Will My Child Have Fun? Our martial arts classes' primary goal is to make sure our students have fun in a playful, safe environment. Come and see a class for yourself - the kids have a blast and our instructors do too.

 Does My Child Need to Have Previous Experience or Any Particular Fitness Level to Enroll in Martial Arts Classes? No, our classes are a good mix of boys and girls of all fitness levels. Beginners train alongside some of the more experienced children, helping each other out in a fun team environment.

 ## Give your child the gift of a lifetimeBegin your child's Martial Arts journey Now! This is a limited time offer! Only 25 total spots are available.

 ## Trial Offer =No Commitments
 ## FreeIntroductory Class
 ## Begin YourChild's Journey!

 ## Tiny Tigers exclusive Web Offer # Special Introductory Offer!

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree.
 By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 website ywedobjeo

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 message
 comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo

 - social - social

 © 2026 tigersdenmartialarts.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
