---
source_url: https://tigersdenmartialarts.com/programs/children-martial-arts/young-tigers
final_url: https://tigersdenmartialarts.com/programs/children-martial-arts/young-tigers
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:14.662Z
---

Back to Previous Page
 ## HELPING PARENTS RAISE CONFIDENT LEADERS Children's Martial Arts will help your child
 develop essential skills that they can apply
 to all areas of life.
 Getting started is easy:
 ### • Redeem Web Special • Schedule 1st Class • Begin Martial Arts!

 # Young Tigers # Exclusive Web Offer ## Limited Spots Available
 Full Name
 Last Name Phone
 fax Email
 comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree.
 By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo View Web Specials!

 We respect your privacy and will NEVER sell, rent
 or share your email address.

 ## HELPING PARENTS RAISE CONFIDENT LEADERS Children's Martial Arts will help your child
 develop essential skills that they can apply
 to all areas of life.
 Getting started is easy:
 ### • Redeem Web Special • Schedule 1st Class • Begin Martial Arts!

 Mom & Dad,
 ## WE UNDERSTAND HOW MANY CHALLENGES YOU FACE AS A PARENT, RAISING A CHILD IN THE MODERN WORLD. Teaching children to know right from wrong is one of the toughest challenges parents have to face.
 You want your child to have the tools to succeed in life, but protecting them from peer pressure, bullying and internet predators can make any parent feel overwhelmed with anxiety and stress.
 The good news is that at Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness in League City, our kids Martial Arts program is the perfect companion to help you raise a strong, confident leader, teaching confidence, focus & self-defense skills.
 ### Parenting should not have to be a stressful task you face alone! ### Let Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness help you equip your child for success in the real world.

 ## Children's MARTIAL ARTS TEACHES LIFE SKILLS Positive Mental Attitude

 High Goal-Setting

 Respect & Self-Confidence

 ## Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness Is Your Partner in Parenting We teach the same values you teach at home, in a positive, safe & fun environment.
 The foundation of the kids martial arts curriculum is the education and development of life-skills such as positive mental attitude, high goal-setting, perseverance, self-control and confidence.

 ## GETTING STARTED IS EASY! ### REDEEM Our Exclusive
 Web Offers

 ### SCHEDULE Your Child's
 First Lesson

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## WHAT MAKES Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness DIFFERENT FROM OTHER KARATE & MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOLS?
 We focus on the personal development aspect of Martial Arts, not just self-defense moves.

 Our instructors are all professionally trained Martial Artists as well as educators, passionate about teaching.

 Our facility is always clean and features a viewing area for parents, as well as matted floors throughout.

 ## PARENTS, DID YOU KNOW...

 ## 1 OUT OF 4 KIDS is a victim of bullying

 ## 42.5% OF TEENS in the U.S. try drugs

 ## 25% OF H.S. STUDENTS fail to graduate on time

 ## DO NOT LET YOUR CHILD BECOME A STATISTIC. ### Equip them with the tools to succeed in the real world with kids Martial Arts. Our students regularly go on to join Ivy schools and become community leaders. The values they learn during their Martial Arts journey are the same you teach at home and last a lifetime.

 ## 3 WAYS OUR Children's MARTIAL ARTS CLASSESHELP YOUR CHILD REACH THEIR POTENTIAL: ### TEAMWORK & SOCIAL SKILLS Social interaction teaches kids how to effectively work as part of a team.

 ### PHYSICAL FITNESS Martial Arts helps improve coordination and is an excellent form of exercise.

 ### BUILD HEALTHY HABITS Building healthy habits early on can help prevent obesity and diabetes later in life.

 ## AT Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness, IT IS OUR MISSION TO HELP YOU RAISE A CONFIDENT, FOCUSED LEADER WITH THE LIFE-TRANSFORMING EXPERIENCE THAT IS MARTIAL ARTS.

 ## Learn Goal-Setting Skills Belt testing provides an excellent exercise for kids in learning how to set and achieve goals. Their self-esteem will continue to rise with each accomplishment as they watch their hard work pay off.

 ## Improve Focus and Self-Control Complex physical activities such as martial arts have proven to strengthen the brain’s neural networks, helping kids improve their focus and self-control. This can be especially beneficial for kids with ADD/ADHD.

 ## A Strong Sense of Respect The traditional nature of martial arts teaches kids respect in their classes, whether they are taking a bow or waiting patiently for the next set of instructions. This sense of respect also helps kids improve their grades, while improving their listening skills at home and in school.

 ## What Other Parents Are Saying:
 I love this place! The lessons my children learn are not just for the dojo floor; they are character lessons to help make them stronger people on the inside.
 Cindy Miller Dudley
 Santa Fe

 Without a doubt, fantastic partners in helping me mold my child to be the best she can be. A wonderful establishment, wonderful owners, and wonderful instructors helping individuals and the community.
 Tonya Langham
 Seabrook

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 What Age Groups Are Available for Children's Martial Arts? Our Pre-School program is ages 3-7, while Pre-Teens is Ages 8-13

 Are There Long Membership Commitments? We offer month to month memberships as well as savings on longer plans

 What Happens After I Purchase the Trial Offer? You will receive an email with instructions on how to schedule your first class. One of our instructors will call you, or you may call the school directly.

 Will My Child Be Fighting Other Children? Absolutely not. Although they will learn cool martial arts and self-defense moves, your child will learn how to AVOID fights, not pick them.

 I Love All the Benefits Such as Confidence, Self-Esteem, and Focus … But Will My Child Have Fun? Our martial arts classes' primary goal is to make sure our students have fun in a playful, safe environment. Come and see a class for yourself - the kids have a blast and our instructors do too.

 Does My Child Need to Have Previous Experience or Any Particular Fitness Level to Enroll in Martial Arts Classes? No, our classes are a good mix of boys and girls of all fitness levels. Beginners train alongside some of the more experienced children, helping each other out in a fun team environment.

 ## Give your child the gift of a lifetimeBegin your child's Martial Arts journey Now! This is a limited time offer! Only 25 total spots are available.

 ## Trial Offer =No Commitments
 ## SpecialIntroductory Offer
 ## Begin YourChild's Journey!

 ## Young Tigers exclusive Web Offer # Special Introductory Offer!

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree.
 By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 website ywedobjeo

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 message
 comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo

 - social - social

 © 2026 tigersdenmartialarts.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
