---
source_url: https://tigersdenmartialarts.com/about-us/league-city
final_url: https://tigersdenmartialarts.com/about-us/league-city
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:14.860Z
---

Enter Your Contact Information to Get Started

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax comment contact_me_by_phone gdpr_compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 website ywedobjeo

 ## We Help Parents Raise Confident Leaders & Adults Reach Their True Potential! Since 1994, Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness has provided its members with a road map to success based on self-defense, confidence and goal-setting skills.
 ### 281-535-9500 3383 Deke Slayton Hwy, Suite #100, League City, TX 77573

 ## Enter Your Contact Information to Get Started

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 fax comment contact_me_by_phone gdpr_compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 website ywedobjeo

 ### Hi, my name is Master Zuhair Hillail. ## I KNOW HOW DIFFICULT AND CONFUSINGFINDING A MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL CAN BE. I remember when I was a child, feeling uncertain about beginning martial arts. I wondered if I had what it took to succeed and I wasn’t the most athletic or confident child - quite the opposite. Little did I know that beginning my martial arts journey would be one of the most profound experiences of my life!
 When I opened my school in 1994, I made a commitment to serving and empowering the community of League City by teaching children and adults the confidence, leadership, and fitness skills that can only be achieved through martial arts.

 ## We Share & teach The Same Values You Teach At Home. Our programs have a strong focus on personal development. The foundations of our morals, values, and core character traits are formed in our early years. For this reason, the programs at Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness are an essential way to enhance the growth and personal development of young students of all ages.
 Read More

 ## TRADITIONAL MEETS MODERN: SELF DEFENSE & AWARENESS SKILLS FOR THE REAL WORLD You may have experienced boredom with your usual fitness routine or reached a plateau in your performance or physical fitness results. Our adult programs are the perfect alternative to a boring gym routine, as they help you develop into your maximum potential both physically and mentally by providing real-life self-defense strategies in a fun, focused environment.
 Read More

 ## Our 5 Star Facility • Custom Made Floors & Mats for Maximum Safety
 • Climate-Controlled Training Room & Waiting Area
 • Open Seating for Parents & Spectators
 • Complimentary Wi-Fi
 • Men's & Women's Locker Rooms
 • Equipped for Special Events Such as Workshops, Parties & Seminars

 ## STATE OF THE ART TRAINING, education, & Parents AREAS You'll quickly see that we offer the most outstanding martial arts instruction available anywhere in a professional, energetic, and comfortable setting.
 Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness knows that we all keep hectic schedules which is why we offer a schedule to meet the needs of the most demanding work schedules. Weekdays - no problem; weekends and evenings - no problem - our instructors are in place to bring on the fitness and fun!
 Our academies are specifically designed to help promote quick and efficient learning, fun classes, and an all-around wonderful, and life-changing experience.

 ## What Makes Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness Different From other Karate & Martial Arts Schools?
 We focus on the personal development aspect of martial arts, not just self-defense moves.

 Our instructors are all certified black belts, qualified and professionally trained to teach martial arts.

 Our facility is always clean and features a viewing area for parents, as well as matted floors throughout.

 ## Our Promise at Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness: ### To Train in the Highest Quality Martial Arts Program Available

 ### To Focus On Personal Development in a Positive Environment

 ### To Offer Programs Accessible & Enjoyable by People of Any Age

 ## WHAT IS SHOTOKAN Shotokan is the style of martial arts practiced by Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness students.
 ​
 Shotokan is regarded as a dynamic martial art as it develops anaerobic, powerful techniques as well as developing speed. Initially strength and power are demonstrated instead of slower, more flowing motions. Those who progress to brown and black belt level develop a much more fluid style that incorporates grappling, throwing and some standing joint locking jiu-jitsu-like techniques, which can be found even in basic kata.
 ## FUN, EXCITEMENT & PREPARATION: STUDENTS & PARENTS LOVE MARTIAL ARTS TOURNAMENTS! One of the most fun parts of martial arts training is the ability to test your skills by competing in a tournament. Tournaments are not only fun for competitors, but they also become a great social experience for parents as well!
 From sparring to forms to team demos, these awesome competitions are not only a place where our students can test their skills, but also a place where team spirit is built, fears are overcome, and character is developed. Most importantly, they are tons of fun!
 One more reason you will love martial arts at Tiger's Den Martial Arts & Fitness!

 ## Limited Trial Offers Available If you want to avoid paying regular pricing or missing out,
 this is your chance to try our martial arts program for a ridiculously low price
 TAKE ACTION NOW!
 ### CHOOSE PROGRAM OF INTEREST : Children
 Adults

 - Read Bio Master Zuhair Hillail Owner/Chief Instructor 6th Degree Shotokan Black Belt - Read Bio Sensei Omar Hillail Head Instructor 4th Degree Shotokan Black Belt - Kyoshi Cari Hillail CEO/Owner 4th Degree Shotokan Black Belt

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 By far the best Martial Arts training center I have ever attended. I have been to a lot. If I ever move back to Texas I will train at Tigers Den.
 Daniel Riggs
 Customer

 I've been to a lot of gyms, but this one for some reason makes me feel at home to where I can set my goals and accomplish them with no hesitation or distractions. Owned by great people and top of the line trainers! Well worth the money!
 Shea Jewell Lee
 V12 Sports & Fitness

 This gym is awesome, I train here with Josiah and couldn't be happier. Solid 1 on 1 training. Get in, train, get out. No waiting on machines, no annoying people like at 24hr or LA, everyone there is there to put in work. I HIGHLY recommend this gym, you wont regret your decision.
 James Pittman
 V12 Sports & Fitness

 I work out with Josiah as often as I can and love the fact that he does quick, hard workouts with me making me work hard in a short amount of time! I was so sore and felt like our workout was super efficient and we even did workouts I had never done before and I lift weights and work out often and have for many years. Love him!
 Rebekah Hartley Gullo
 V12 Sports & Fitness

 Best gym I've worked out in. Love going 3 times a week and working with my trainer. You don't feel uncomfortable or intimidated at all. I know sometimes it can feel that way for we moms that are trying to get healthy and do something for ourselves. I suggest if you're looking for an excellent trainer and your ready to have a healthy lifestyle and be that great looking you, you know you are. This is it!!
 Lori Mccain Gonzales
 V12 Sports & Fitness

 Hands down some of the absolute best MMA training and sports fitness training in the entire league City area absolutely clean facility and amazing staff ready to help you achieve any goal you set!
 Isaac Cruzado
 V12 Sports & Fitness

 I love this place! The lessons my children learn are not just for the dojo floor; they are character lessons to help make them stronger people on the inside.
 Cindy Miller Dudley
 Santa Fe

 Without a doubt, fantastic partners in helping me mold my child to be the best she can be. A wonderful establishment, wonderful owners, and wonderful instructors helping individuals and the community.
 Tonya Langham
 Seabrook

 We love Tigers Den! The kids love their Sensai Omar kyosha Cari and Master Z!!!! They have learned so much! Very proud of the girls and what they have learned
 Tyna Nguyen
 League City

 I do not know how else to say this to make sure the whole world hears this!!!! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU to the staff, specifically Mrs. Carrie who personally went to our house to pick up my child after the school put him on the wrong mode of transportation. This speaks volumes. Thank you
 Angie Stock
 League City

 Bryce loves this place. They teach discipline as well as karate. And the events they put on are top notch.
 Matt Turner
 Houston

 My kids absolutely LOVE Tiger's Den Clear Lake. When I pick them up, they don't want to leave. The staff is amazing and personable. They efficiently communicate with the parents and the schools ensuring the highest standard of safety for the kiddos. Tiger's Den has enriched the lives and social relationships our family has with the community.
 Traci Staggs
 Houston

 This place is more to me than a daycare or after school program. I feel like they have become partners in helping me raise my son. They have become like family to us. Love the teaching atmosphere and love the staff even more. Ms. Lina is the best! My son is learning valuable skills here that are going to stay with him for the rest of his life. Couldn't ask for anything more.
 Phuong Pfaff
 Clear Lake

 My kids love Tiger's Den, they talk about Karate everyday. Sensei David is great with the kids - perfectly balanced!
 Dustin Acker
 Clear Lake

 Hands on, family owned and operated, these people CARE about the kids. I have yet to see a child that was not spoken to by name. Academics are stressed, kids are encouraged and skills are rewarded. They also give back to the community. Cannot say enough good things about Tigers Den! Thanks for all you do.
 Ginger Jones Sprouse
 Clear Lake

 Its a great place to take you and your kids for some fitness and discipline. I love the staff, so very kind and welcoming! Everyone remembers your child name, smiles, and gives eachother positive feedback. I will continue to go here for my kickboxing.
 Beth Sanders Smith
 Houston

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 message
 comment contact_me_by_phone gdpr_compliant By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo

 - social - social

 © 2026 tigersdenmartialarts.com All Rights Reserved. | Martial Arts Websites by WebsiteDojo.com

 - Privacy Policy - Terms and Conditions
