---
source_url: http://haddonfieldjiujitsu.com/adults
final_url: https://haddonfieldjiujitsu.com/adults
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:31.766Z
---

# Train under jiu jitsu legends #### Welcome to Balance MMA Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Balance Studios is the only official Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Haddonfield and the first Gracie Affiliated school in the nation!

 The Migliarese Brothers, Owners and Gracie Black Belts, are dedicated to sharing the authentic Gracie System that the late Grand Master Helio Gracie created.

 We believe that Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone!

 Balance Studios instructors are specially trained to teach beginners in a way that is easy to understand.

 Our Gracie Basics Program is a safe, energetic and, by far, the best way to get started in the most effective martial art in the world: Gracie Jiu-Jitsu.

 The Migliarese brothers have taught thousands of students over the last 20 years. They have discovered the easiest, safest, and fastest method to impart the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu self defense of Helio Gracie and his son, Relson Gracie.

 ## 7 Day Free Pass

 It starts here Schedules

 ## Who your instructor's instructor is matters #### Relson Gracie #### Relson Gracie
 "The Migliarese family is an extension of the Gracie family, like brothers. He started as boy that swept mats and now teaches Gracie Jiu-Jitsu to the world! He has represented our family very well in Philadelphia for the last 30 years."

 #### Royce G #### Relson Gracie
 "Phil and Rick have been training Gracie Jiu-Jitsu with my family for over 30 years! The Migliarese brothers are very good instructors and great friends of mine! They have helped spread the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu style that my father created!"

 #### Rorion Gracie #### Rorion Gracie
 “The Migliarese bros were at the birth of American jiu jitsu- excellent practitioners and instructors of the discipline.”

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### Don't be a Victim Learn Jiu Jitsu

 7 Day free pass
