---
source_url: http://haddonfieldjiujitsu.com/youth
final_url: https://haddonfieldjiujitsu.com/youth
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:31.939Z
---

# not all martial arts studios are equal #### Serving Youth in Haddonfield for 13+ Years Lead by Coach Reece Wilke with 22 years of experience, our facility is dedicated to empowering our students through the practice of martial arts. Our experienced instructors are committed to helping you achieve your child's goals, whether that be improving your fitness, learning self-defense, creating discipline and respect, and even competing at a high level . Come join us and become part of our Balance Haddonfield Martial Arts community. Chances are, you already know someone here.

 ## iNSPIRE CONFIDENCE IN YOUR CHILD RIGHT AWAY... #### Little Ninjas 3-5 #### Little Ninjas 3-5 #### Little Ninjas 3-5
 This program is a wonderful combination of gross motor skills, character development, and Jiu Jitsu. This program is a fusion of Korean Tang Soo Do structure and discipline with Jiu Jitsu techniques. The combination of the two arts create a beautiful balance between self defense and self improvement. In class you'll see students work through gross motor skills through obstacle course training in addition to Fundamental Jiu Jitsu
 Self Defense techniques.

 4 Week Trial

 #### Super Ninjas 5-7 #### Little Ninjas 3-5 #### Little Ninjas 3-5
 This program is a wonderful combination of gross motor skills, character development, and Jiu Jitsu. This program structures respect and disciplines with Jiu Jitsu techniques. Students soar in confidence as we give them more and more responsibility in class. In this age group students will begin to work with partners instead of just coaches and will do "live" drilling with
 students in their class and can be eligible to join the competition team.

 4 Week Trial

 #### Youth 7-12 #### Advanced 12-16 #### Advanced 12-16
 This program guides your student through self-defense, physical fitness, character training, and confidence building all while involving them in a positive and uplifting community. Our programs are designed to make sure your student is ready to excel in any other activity that they may combine Martial Arts with such as baseball, soccer, theater, or lacrosse. This program also has the opportunity to cross train in our Youth Yoga and fitness classes.

 4 Week Trial

 #### Advanced 12-16 #### Advanced 12-16 #### Advanced 12-16
 In our carefully sculpted classes, you will see your teenager increase in physical stamina and strength while learning self defense. The community culture of our school and the mental lessons taught by our instructors will demonstrate a path of discipline, respect, and CONFIDENCE to your teen. Our hand selected group of teenagers strives for excellence both
 inside and outside of the competition ring. We are
 here to help you achieve your competitive goals.

 4 Week Trial

 ## Don't take our word for it... #### Jeff D. #### Taylor L. #### Taylor L.
 I've had two Little Ninjas (and one is now a Super Ninja). Coach Reece does an excellent job combining general practical safety with JJ basics. My oldest was always pretty calm and attentive, but my three year old went from rolling around on the mats unable to sit still, to being able to stand at attention and listen to instruction in just six months. While some of that might be natural maturing, I've no doubt JJ twice per week helped instill a calmness and patience. And of course the kids both love it as well (most important)!

 #### Taylor L. #### Taylor L. #### Taylor L.
 I really recommend the 3-5 aged jujitsu, coach Reece is great with the kids , they learn a lot of discipline and real life scenarios.

 #### Katie M. #### Taylor L. #### Heather W.
 I started going here for the kids programs - mine are in the ninja classes and love it!! More importantly, I love the way Balance teases out what’s most important and impactful for the kids to be learning/practicing and have seen results at home as a result. The fact that I can also get to a yoga class while I’m there is a dream and the teachers are all amazing and well versed in brining a holistic experience no matter your ability. It’s a special place that leaves you with a sense of belonging as you take on new challenges!

 #### Heather W. #### Jacqueline R. #### Heather W.
 We came to HADUKO to try Jiu Jitsu. We stay at Balance for much more than Jiu Jitsu. We stay for the expert coaching by professionals who practice what they preach, organized classes with low coach:student ratios that provide individualized instruction in a team setting and the support of the Balance community on and off the mat. The coaches at Balance balance hard work with fun opportunities like youth leadership, movie nights and camps. I have seen the benefits of improved focus, grit and positive attitude pay dividends on and off the mat. My kid is the best version of himself when surrounded by his Balance community and I could not be more grateful. The Jiu Jitsu, for those wondering, is top notch at all levels.

 #### Michael P. #### Jacqueline R. #### Jacqueline R.
 Our 10-year-old has been a member here for over a year and we cannot say enough about the people and coaches that run the academy. They do a great job of meeting each student “where they are at” as it pertains to their abilities and personalities. It’s a healthy culture and sport to introduce any child to, or any adult for that matter.

 #### Jacqueline R. #### Jacqueline R. #### Jacqueline R.
 Great instructors and a positive atmosphere for my kids. Cannot recommend more highly!

 -

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### Don't be a Victim Learn Jiu Jitsu

 7 Day free pass
