---
source_url: https://cmsojj.com
final_url: https://www.cmsojj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:29.926Z
---

Search # Carpe Momentum School of Jiu Jitsu
 "Seize your moment" Try a Class

 # Superior Instruction
 Immerse yourself in an individualized experience with expert practitioners Meet Our Instructors

 # Achieve Excellence
 We are excited to see what you will become New Belt Curriculum

 ## Stay in the Loop! Join the Carpe Momentum Gym Group Chat. Join the 24/7 access platform where you can chat with CMSOJJ instructors, connect with other Jiu Jitsu students, & always be in the loop on the latest gym updates & announcements. Simply create an account on GroupMe and notify your instructor once you have joined and... BOOM! Enjoy anytime access to expert BJJ instruction and your local Jiu Jitsu community wherever you are!
 Click Here to Sign-Up

 # Private Lessons Now Available! ### Learn From Our Team of Highly Experienced Instructors.
 Click Here to View our Team of Instructors or... Book Private Lesson
 # We Want to See You Grow. ## Student Testimonials Hear the voices of what people just like you have to say! View personal testimonial from the students of Carpe Momentum School of Jiu Jitsu. Always have the latest scoop from advanced Jiu Jitsu practitioners to new beginners. View Testimonials

 ## Our Affiliations Carpe Momentum is proudly affiliated with Jiu-Jitsu Project USA, an organization dedicated to empowering lives through faith, discipline, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Together, we inspire growth, build character, and strengthen communities—on and off the mats. Discover The Jiu Jitsu Project

 ## All New Belt Curriculum Carpe Momentum is proud to announce our all new belt curriculum! Students and new-comers now have access to wide arsenal of individualized techniques to set you on a more clear path to your next promotion. At Carpe Momentum we hold a higher standard. We can't wait to watch you achieve excellence. Become a BJJ Expert

 ## Our Instructors Meet our knowledgeable and humble instructors. Armed with years of practical Jiu Jitsu and teaching experience, our instructors bring a superior form of BJJ instruction. On behalf of Carpe Momentum, we invite you to come join the Carpe Momentum Family. Meet our Instructors

 ## Superior Self-Defense Join our students they immerse themselves in real-time, practical self-defense situations. At Carpe Momentum we employee advanced self-defense techniques and tactics perfect for enhancing your personal safety and law enforcement training. Self-Defense Curriculum

 ## Family Friendly Fitness Looking to get in shape? Trying to find a new and exciting activity for the whole family? Carpe Momentum offers all of this and more! Join us as we dive into the world of Brazillian Jiu Jitsu in our classes that are sure to be fun for the whole family! View Women & Kid's Classes

 # Tailor Your Experience
 # Class Schedule ## Monday ## Tuesday ## Wednesday ## Thursday ## Friday ## Saturday Adult BJJ (All Levels) 12:30pm-1:30pm
 Adult BJJ
 (All Levels)
 12:30pm-1:30pm

 Adult BJJ
 (All Levels)
 12:30pm-1:30pm
 Adult BJJ
 (Open Mat)
 2:00pm-3:30pm
 Kids BJJ (5-12 years old) 5:15pm-6:15pm
 Kids BJJ
 (5-12years old)
 5:15PM- 6:15 PM
 Adult BJJ
 (Gi - All Levels) 6:30pm-8:00pm
 Adult BJJ
 (Gi - All Levels) 6:30pm-8:00pm
 Adult BJJ (Nogi - All Levels) 6:30pm-8:00pm
 Adult BJJ (Nogi - All Levels) 6:30pm-8:00pm

 ### **Check group chat for drilling sessions, competition training & open mats!**
 ## Sign-Up John Dudley
 Owner/Chief Instructor
 "Come for the Jiu Jitsu, leave as a friend."
 Thank you! Your submission has been received!

 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Please refresh the page and try again.

 Review Us On Facebook
 Review Us On Google

 "Great place to train at! We had a sorority event here for a class and everyone was amazed and had a great experience! Definitely recommend this studio" - Sophia Tran (via Google Reviews)

 "Exceptionally versed and knowledgeable instructors, friendly and family oriented people, always feeling like I’m evolving and growing better with each and every day that I’m in. Lots of encouragement from the team and Never a dull moment!!" - Zidane Johnville (via Facebook)

 "Great family oriented Jiu-jitsu school. Our daughter loves going. Highly recommended!!!" - Michael Hudson (via Google Review)

 View More Reviews

 ## Check Us Out on Social Media
 ## Carpe Momentum School of Jiu Jitsu LLC Address: 10 N Sprigg St Cape Girardeau, MO 63701 Click Here For Directions Phone (Call or Text): 573-381-5710 Email: cmsojj@gmail.com

 Copyright © 2020 Carpe Momentum School of Jiu Jitsu

 Powered by Guardian Primary Care Partners™
