---
source_url: https://lastchancegrappling.com
final_url: https://lastchancegrappling.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:40.678Z
---

## Last Chance Grappling Club The Last Best Place To Train

 ## What It's About & Why It Matters At Last Chance Grappling Club, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and grappling programs cater to everyone, whether you're training for sport BJJ competitions or looking to build confidence through self-defense. With expert instruction and a supportive community, we invite you to explore what makes our training unique with a free 1-week trial in a welcoming environment.

 ## A Fredson Paixao & Jim Collins Academy We provide comprehensive training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, wrestling, catch wrestling, and other grappling arts under the guidance of renowned black belt instructor Jim Collins. Our program is designed to accommodate all skill levels, emphasizing technique, discipline, and personal growth.

 Meet The Instructors

 ## Member Stories
 - Jim GarguiloSuper friendly people, and excellent instructors. Large, clean gym with showers in an excellent location. 10/10! - Josh LeonardI was skeptical to start at Last Chance because of the atmosphere that can follow a combat club. Often times it's filled with people who are big on ego and making themselves look good. The day I started quickly squashed my concerns.The culture established is built on relationships and embracing the suck together. It is truly a student first environment that is family oriented and humbling. I'm glad to be a part of the team and look forward to the future! - JoseGreat training partners, everyone gets after it, and glad I can bring my kids while I train.
 1 / of 3
