---
source_url: https://cleberjiujitsu.com/index.php/kids-program/
final_url: https://cleberjiujitsu.com/index.php/kids-program/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:10.982Z
---

Phone: (714) 842-4554

 Email: CleberJiujitsuhb@gmail.com

 # CLEBER JIU-JITSU

 # Where Champions are Made

 # Kids Program

 ## We have over a 150 kids

 Who can benefit from the Children and Young Adults Program? Boys and girls ages 5-16. Martial Arts can help your child develop:
 - Self Confidence - Better Grades - Coordination - Discipline - Self Defense
 ### Self Confidence For many children, self confidence doesn’t come naturally. Confidence is developed over a period of time. As a child accomplishes new goals, his or her confidence level increases. Children become more self confident in Martial Arts because they progress at their own pace and are not compared to others.
 ### Better Grades Being a Martial Artist also means being a better student. Every child learns to follow directions, pay attention in class and participate in class activities. These skills help them to become better students.
 ### Coordination Martial Arts challenges the entire body, developing coordination, balance, agility and poise. These traits are often neglected and not fully developed in team sports.
 ### Discipline Martial Arts will help your child to discover that through self-discipline and perseverance he or she can accomplish almost anything.
 ### Self Defense Martial Arts teaches children to think instead of panic in potentially serious situations as well as how to react to threats from other kids. Your child will also be taught not to be a bully. For life threatening situations only, your child will learn practical self-defense.
