---
source_url: https://saraivabjj.com
final_url: https://saraivabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:28.803Z
---

# Diego Saraiva BJJ – Norcross ## Discover Your Inner Champion

 Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we help people discover their inner champion – growing healthier, more capable, and more confident – in a friendly environment. We can help you, too!

 New to Jiu Jitsu? (Click here)

 Get My Free Trial

 ## Welcome #### To Diego Saraiva Brazilian Jiu Jitsu – Headquarters We are the premiere Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Norcross, Georgia. We believe that jiu jitsu is a lifestyle that transcends the sport and self-defense. It improves the whole person – physically, mentally, and emotionally. We offer classes for people of all ages and fitness levels in an environment that is safe, friendly, & supportive.

 Learn More

 ### Be HEALTHY While your mind is focused on new challenges, you’ll forget that you’re getting an aerobic and anaerobic workout and blasting calories away. But you’ll know you’re an athlete when you feel healthier and more fit than ever before.

 ### Be Capable Don’t just hope that your skills will work if you ever need them. Experience the effectiveness of your skills every time you train with people of all sizes and strengths.

 ### Be Confident There’s a reason that Brazilian Jiu jitsu is central to Mixed Martial Arts and essential to winning in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). It’s the single most practical and effective martial art for physical conflict and self defense.

 ### Be in Good Company There’s just something that happens when you train with others – a fundamental element of learning jiu jitsu. Training partners become friends, and friends become family.

 Watch our video to learn more about us.

 Getting Started is as Easy as 1-2-3

 
 #### 1. Get My Free Trial Check us out, and the sport, for FREE. Get a trial at no cost with no obligation . We'll provide everything you need.

 
 #### 2. Join the family After completing your trial, select a membership option to become part of our jiu jitsu family.

 
 #### 3. DISCOVER YOUR INNER CHAMPION The benefits of jiu jitsu will help you discover your inner champion and win in life.

 ## DIEGO SARAIVA

 With over 30 black belt medals in the most prestigious events (IBJJF), Diego is one of the most decorated BJJ athletes in Atlanta. He is a World Championship medalist and 8-time Pan American Championship medalist . In additon, he is a:
 - 7-time Atlanta Open Champion - American Nationals Champion - European Champion - 5-time Open Champion (Cincinnati, Nashville, Washington DC, Lisbon, & Rome)

 Learn More

 ## STILL NOT SURE? Come try our free trial. There is no cost nor obligation. Experience the sport and our academy directly. You are going to love it. :) GET STARTED FOR FREE

 ## “

 ## Testimonials

 ### Roan Jucao Carneiro ##### UFC Fighter, Head Coach ATT Atlanta One of the best BJJ coaches in GA. I am happy to call him a friend.

 ### Jorge Aiello ##### Student & Diego Saraiva Black Belt All I can say is that I have trained with many different people over the years but Diego has been the best. He is not only my professor but a friend. He truly cares about his students and he believes in family and loyalty. I have always enjoyed training in his classes. He has an infectious happy attitude and he is a class act. He is one of the best Jiu Jitsu guys in Atlanta. Anyone who trains under him should be proud to call him your professor.

 ### Kurt Stephen ##### Student, BJJ Purple Belt Diego is simply awesome. Great at Jiu-Jitsu, great friend and teacher, great human being.

 ### Douglas Lima ##### Former Bellator Welterweight World Champion One of the best black belts I’ve ever been honored to train with!!!

 ### Steve Snyder ##### Student, BJJ Black Belt Diego is an exceptional person, instructor, and practitioner. He will definitely help you reach goals and accomplish amazing things.

 Click here for more testimonials

 ## Our Blog & News

 ## Our Kids Program —- WE’RE BAAAACK!!! (and other minor schedule changes) July 28, 2020 | General News
 We are happy to announce that we will restart our kids program beginning next week (week of Aug 3rd). We've been waiting until we felt confident that we could maintain safety with our kids and whole jiu jitsu family. Classes will start back on Mondays &...

 read more
 ## Announcing Our First Affiliate!! June 8, 2020 | General News
 We are excited to announce that the first Diego Saraiva BJJ affiliate is under construction and expected to open mid-June! While we were all home quarantined, waiting eagerly to return to the norm of training, DJ Wegesin and Co were busy planning the next Dojo. ...

 read more
 ## We have reopened June 1, 2020 | General News
 We have reopened and welcome everyone to join us! We are following the guidance provided by the CDC and other government agencies so we are operating on a more limited schedule, have instituted a more rigorous cleaning regime, and have organized classes to...

 read more
