---
source_url: https://fortejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.fortejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:07.895Z
---

# Learn Self Defense & Level Up Your Fitness

 TRY A FREE CLASS
 TRY A FREE CLASS

 # CLASSES

 - Jiu Jitsu All Levels Learn the core movements, mindset, and fundamental techniques of Jiu Jitsu. This class requires a gi. Open to all levels! - Advanced Jiu Jitsu Learn advanced guards, tactics, and competition-ready Jiu Jitsu techniques. This is open to all levels, however, it’s more advanced than the fundamentals. This class requires a gi. - No Gi All Levels Learn the fundamental movements of submission wrestling. This class does not require a gi. Open to all levels! - Advanced No Gi This class includes advanced guards, tactics, and competition-ready techniques. We also train the full realm of submission wrestling, including Catch Wrestling, takedowns, and leg locks. This is open to all skill levels, but is more advanced than fundamentals. This does not require a gi. - Boxing Learn fundamental boxing including offensive, defensive, footwork, etc. There are three different levels o f certifications: Boxing 101, 102, and 103.

 TRY YOUR FREE CLASS
 TRY YOUR FREE CLASS

 - Luke the instructor is amazing! Luke is patient, understanding and more than willing to work with you until you get it right! He not only goes over all you need to know in detail but he makes it fun to learn too! 5 out of 5 stars. I've learned so much from him. Karina M. - Luke is always ready to help us white belts or any belt in a matter fact. He is patient and kind and works well with adjusting any material he is teaching just so the ones who don’t get it, get it. I highly Recommend anyone who is willing to try out the sport and work under Luke. You will not regret it. Guadalupe P. - Luke’s passion for passing down his knowledge of jiujitsu is truly inspiring. His patience in teaching techniques to even the most novice of grapplers is what makes him truly standout from the pack. Sean M. - Luke's passion for this community is undeniable, and under his guidance, you'll have all the tools to excel in this sport. My experience with Luke has been exceptional – he's patient, understanding, and always open to adjustments to ensure everyone is learning. Taking the leap with Luke as your coach is a decision you won't regret. Cori H. - Luke is a fantastic teacher. Detailed, patient and focused on the betterment of his students. Many gyms teach the techniques of BJJ but Luke teaches concepts that allow his students to understand why we do the techniques and why they work. This creates athletes who truly understand the sport and may one day themselves become a black belt with the ability to teach others. Nicholas M. - Having a good instructor guide you through Jiu Jitsu can make the experience good or bad. It can be overwhelming at times. Luke is 1 of the good guys! Very patient and understanding for newer belts still learning and also very advanced with techniques for higher belts. No doubt, you will enjoy training with Coach Luke! Forte Jiu Jitsu will be a name the entire Phoenix area will know. Rene R.

 Join The Team
 Join The Team

 Congratulations to Ashley on her Purple Belt and Aaron on his Brown! Two day ones and absolute staples of Forte.

 🥋⚔️ multiple black belts, multiple styles. Thats the Forte way!

 Tuesday night No Gi is a BANGER!! A mix between white belts and colored belts all coming together to learn the gentle (and sometimes not so gentle) art ⚔️

 All different walks of life come together at Forte to learn the art of grappling. Our teaching, coaching, community, and techniques are all top notch. Its the Forte way!

 It’s Monday! Start your week off right: Grab your gis and lets learn some Jiu Jitsu 😤

 Schedule update! These have been communicated in class for a few weeks, but we figured we'd make things Instagram Official 😎

 The size differences between coaches at Forte allow our students to get a feel of different styles and techniques. Techniques thought of as strength focused are generally missing minor details like redirection of energy shown here. Basically, our Jiu Jitsu is perfect for all sizes ⚔️

 GI GANG! 🥋 ⚔️

 COMMUNITY FIRST. In light of recent events in the Jiu Jitsu world, I want to make it clear that Forte is always going to be safe. We prioritize our team’s safety and comfort over anything else. Forte is a place to work hard, develop high-level skills, and build friendships. We’ll never let anything threaten that.

 Mount escapes all week. Learn how to defend and get out from underneath someone 🔥 🥋
