---
source_url: http://www.wborgesbjj.com
final_url: http://wborgesbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:49.394Z
---

# Welcome to Wauriman Borges Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Welcome to the official website of Wauriman Borges Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, your ultimate destination for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu enthusiasts.
 Our dojo is dedicated to providing a holistic approach to martial arts, focusing on self-improvement, physical fitness, and personal empowerment through the practices of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Wauriman Borges Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, a unique dojo where old school Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and modern Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu are taught in a pleasant pedagogic instruction by 3rd Degree Black Belt Professor Wauriman Borges, a highly condecorated competitor and instructor. Self discipline, fitness, and self defense are the core of our school, with different level of classes, in a very cosmopolitan environment.
 Professor Wauriman proudly formed by Marco Nascimento first black belt of Clube de Jiu-Jitsu Pitbull lead by Master Adilson 'Bitta' Lima , has over 24 years practicing, instructing, and competing.

 #### Come join our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy Discover a new passion, enhance your fitness, or rise to competitive greatness at our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy. Whether you're seeking a fun hobby, a transformative fitness journey, master self defense or aiming for the podium in competitions, our doors are open to everyone. Join us and embark on an exciting BJJ adventure tailored just for you.

 ### Academy Our classes are designed to help you excel in all aspects of life. We're committed to guiding you towards your personal and athletic goals.
 - More

 ### Schedule Explore our weekly schedule and find the perfect time to join us for a session. Start your journey towards mastery and self-improvement.
 - More

 ### Membership Start whenever you're ready, and enjoy the benefit of unlimited classes. Join our BJJ academy and unlock a world of learning and growth in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 - More

 ### Quick Links - Academy - Schedule - Membership

 ### Contact 356 El Camino Real
 San Bruno, CA 94066
 Phone: (650)502-2902

 - Facebook - Instagram - Email
 - © Copyright | Wauriman Borges BJJ | All Rights Reserved.
