---
source_url: https://lp.morumbijiujitsuacademy.com/simivalley
final_url: https://lp.morumbijiujitsuacademy.com/simivalley/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:01.657Z
---

- Jiu-Jitsu in Simi Valley

 ## New to Jiu-Jitsu?
 ## Welcome to Morumbi Simi Valley
 ## Welcome to Morumbi Simi Valley
 Beginner-friendly classes, supportive coaches, and a clear path from your first class to improvement. Results are often seen in just a few weeks – even if you’ve never trained before.

 Book Your Trial Class
 ## Basead on +100 reviews

 ## Our Programs
 Discover the perfect BJJ program for you and your family.

 ## kids JJ
 GI
 NOGI

 More than just martial arts—we teach the “bully-proof” confidence, discipline, and respect that stay with them for life. Start building healthy habits and strong character today.

 ## ADULTS JJ
 GI
 NOGI

 Learn high-level self-defense, torch calories, and sharpen your mindset in a high-energy environment. Join a world-class team where growth happens both on and off the mats.

 ## WOMEN JJ
 GI
 NOGI

 Sharpen your skills, build functional strength, and gain real-world confidence alongside a supportive sisterhood. From beginner to advanced, we evolve together.

 ## Who we are
 ## morumbi simi valley

 At Morumbi Jiu Jitsu Academy, we are a family-focused community dedicated to authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We are proudly led by Professor Fabio Leopoldo—a 6th-degree black belt and multi-time World, Pan-American, and Brazilian National Champion. Under his expert mentorship, dedicated practitioners like Guilherme Monteiro have been taught to train at the absolute highest level, bringing this standard of excellence to our Morumbi Simi Valley location.
 Together, we provide world-class instruction in a safe, welcoming, and empowering environment for kids, teens, and adults.

 Book Your Trial Class

 ## meet your professor
 ## Guilherme Monteiro
 black belt
 Professor Guilherme Monteiro began training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at age 13 in São Paulo under Alexandre Mestrinho. He honed his skills for five years at Alliance with Master Fábio Gurgel and then continued his development in the U.S. at Atos Headquarters with André Galvão. After 14 years of dedication, he proudly earned his black belt from Fábio Leopoldo.
 Guilherme has an impressive competition record, including titles such as IBJJF American National Champion, multiple-time IBJJF International Medalist, and No-Gi Pan American Medalist . He is also the co-founder of Morumbi Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Simi Valley, where he shares his expertise and passion with students of all ages.

 Book Your Trial Class

 ## weekly schedule

 ## what they say about us

 ## Frequently Asked questions

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 ## close to you

 ## morumbi simi valley

 Morumbi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is one of the most trusted names in martial arts around the World. Our values, commitment to excellence, and dedication to jiu-jitsu have set us apart as a leader in the Simi Valley area martial arts community.

 - 2964 Cochran St, Simi Valley, CA

 - +1 (805) 424-8063

 - @morumbiacademysimi

 ## @2026 Morumbi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | All rights reserved
 ## Made by NovoDash
