---
source_url: https://alexandriabjj.com
final_url: https://alexandriabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:15.643Z
---

# Alexandria MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH Caio Terra Academy Alexandria We at Caio Terra Academy Alexandria are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 # Alexandria MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH Caio Terra Academy Alexandria We at Caio Terra Academy Alexandria are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 VIEW OUR WEB SPECIAL &
 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!
 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Caio Terra Academy Alexandria to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids BJJ (5 – 14) Teens BJJ Adult BJJ -

 ## WELCOME TO Caio Terra Academy Alexandria We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Caio Terra Academy Alexandria, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 GET STARTED
 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 Kids BJJ (5 – 14)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teens BJJ
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Adult BJJ
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with BJJ!
 View Program

 DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE!
 ## BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojang and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 View Our Kids BJJ Program

 Andrew Maldy Great group of people. Makes you feel right at home.

 Aj Stidham I LOVE this place! Vu is an awesome instructor! Perfect place to learn jiu Jistu as a woman!

 Kira Omans I LOVE training here. BJJ was definitely intimidating at first, but everyone is so skilled, kind, and dedicated to helping each other learn. Most everyone in the class has been training with Vu for many, many years, which is a further testament to what a talented teacher he is. Aside from a great work-out, you will never get bored, and the journey is a very rewarding experience.
 I can feel myself improving with every class and growing as both a martial artist and a person. CTA Alexandria BJJ has my highest recommendation!

 Lawrence Spires CTA Alexandria is an excellent place to train. The gym thrives because of the character and dedication of the coach - Vu. Vu puts his students and jiu-jitsu first.
 CTA Alexandria is not an MMA gym with an all day schedule. It's a BJJ school with one professor and one mat, but it is easily one of the best places you could ever train.

 Luis Augusto Velasco Vadillo High level teachers, pretty hard training, friendly classmates that help to evolve.
 Come to train!

 Minh Phan Q Vu is an excellent teacher and really knows how to motivate his students. Come train with him, you'll see the difference. U won't regret it.

 Chris Kim I've been a member of the CTA Alexandria BJJ family for over a year now. At first, I joined because I had the pleasure of attending Professor Caio Terra's seminar back when I was living overseas, and I remembered how knowledgeable and detailed he was at teaching each technique. That said, I immediately decided to stay because Professor Vu and Coach Edgar not only embody the same teaching philosophy, but they also exhibit the passion and kindness that are simply contagious among all the teammates. This is also very evident as everyone trains hard, while staying safe and maintaining good vibes. I highly recommend CTA Alexandra BJJ, and if you ever decide to drop by, please hit me up for a fun roll!

 David Ferrer I’ve been training jiu jitsu on and off for 14 years and I have yet to train at a place like CTA Alexandria. Professor Vu and coach Edgar has created a place to practice that embodies the true essence of Jiu jitsu. Everyone in the gym is humble and respectful of each other. The jiu jitsu instructions are really technical and detailed oriented. I can definitely say I found a home at CTA Alexandria.
 If you want to learn first class Jiu jitsu and also have a wonderful experience, come to CTA Alexandria!

 Diana Magalona CTA Alexandria BJJ provides high-quality training - with great instructors and a positive and friendly atmosphere. My 12-year old son looks forward to jiu jitsu training with Coach Vu and Coach Edgar several times a week after school. The instructors are great with kids and have the ability to communicate properly with their students. They help their students develop great technical background in a productive and active environment. Their facility is also very clean and location is great. We're very happy to be part of the CTA family.

 Ed C Coach Vu has created an amazing BJJ experience in Caio Terra Academy Alexandria. The instruction and (new) facility are great. More importantly, CTA Alexandria is an incredibly welcoming and inclusive environment. Pop in for a class and the first thing you will notice is the room is filled with all manner of folks. Young - old(er), male-female, experienced competitors - first timers.... all bound by a desire to challenge themselves, learn something new, and improve their life through fitness and BJJ.
 The new class schedule is awesome; something for everyone, literally morning, noon, and night.

 Katherine Dela Paz My kids have been attending CTA Alexandria BJJ and their journey has been an amazing one. They are progressing in their skills and learning a lot from their instructors. The Instructors are wonderful and they make sure each kid is learning the moves properly and they work with them as a group or individual. They encourage one another and it's a great way for my boys to learn self-defense and make new friends at the same time. They are very professional and great with communication! Thank you CTA Alexandria BJJ for all you've done for my boys!

 IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH
 ## GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult BJJ Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Caio Terra Academy Alexandria
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## RECENT BLOG POSTS
 Why Senior Citizens Can Benefit From Martial Arts
 As people grow older, they begin to find ways to be more productive and make use of their time. For senior citizens, in particular, they find that there is even more time they need to utilize and want to do so effectively. Many will go out and find other jobs while others will pursue hobbies […]
 READ MORE »

 Protect Your Heart with Martial Arts
 Every year, the American Heart Association celebrates Heart Month to raise awareness about heart disease and heart health. What you may not know is that martial arts are great for the heart. In fact, the cardiac benefits of martial arts give a whole new meaning to the idea of cardiovascular fitness. With that in mind, […]
 READ MORE »

 The Positive Effects of Martial Arts for a Child in School
 Grade school can be quite the experience for any child. It is a place where a child not only learns academically but one where a child must learn to socialize and function in the world. Unfortunately, there are a lot of negative experiences that a child may have when going through school. Whatever those experiences […]
 READ MORE »
