---
source_url: http://www.lancasterbjj.com
final_url: https://lancasterbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:56:54.653Z
---

# Lancaster Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ### "Fundamentally solid, progressive mindset."

 ## Ready to train?

 Click Here

 ## Who We Are

 Lancaster Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial arts gym located in Ephrata, Pennsylvania. Our team is built on the “Three I’s” principal. Integrity, Intention and Inclusion. We are welcoming to people of all skill levels, and tailor our training sessions toward the teams goals. We provide classes 6 days a week, as well as an open mat every Sunday.

 Learn more

 Contact Us

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. Developed from traditional Japanese Jiu Jitsu and Judo, BJJ emphasizes leverage, technique, and the concept that smaller individuals can defend themselves against larger opponents. Practitioners learn a variety of techniques such as joint locks and chokeholds, with the goal of controlling and submitting their opponent. BJJ offers physical and mental benefits, including improved fitness and self-confidence, making it popular among practitioners of all ages and abilities.

 ###### Classes & Packages

 ## We offer membership packages and classes tailored toward our students goals and skill levels.

 ### Memberships

 Fundamentals Package (2 fundamentals classes per week)
 Unlimited, 12 month contract
 Unlimited, NO contract

 ### Gi & No-Gi

 We include both Gi and No-Gi classes in our training. Check our schedule to see what to wear for each training session.

 ### Competition Classes

 Each week we offer a competition class which is tailored toward competitive athletes. This class focuses on positional and situational drilling at a higher intensity. Come prepared to work hard, and have fun!

 ### Gorillas & Little Gorillas

 Our kids program has two age groups. Little Gorillas, ages 4-7, and Gorillas, ages 7-12. We are passionate about helping the next generation grow.

 ### Teens Classes

 Our teens class is open to ages 12-16. We encourage our teens to push themselves, while also maintaining a friendly atmosphere.

 ### Mixed Martial Arts

 We offer kickboxing and MMA classes twice a week. This class is suitable for any one of any skill level, whether you’re just starting, or have experience in the ring or cage.

 ###### What Sets Us Apart?

 ## "Building the foundation, one brick at a time."

 At our gym, we’re more than just a place to train – we’re a tight-knit community driven by our shared dedication to the art. Here, you’ll find a supportive network of like-minded people who are passionate about helping each other succeed. Beyond techniques and drills, we prioritize personal growth and empowerment, creating an environment where everyone can thrive. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced practitioner, you’ll discover a welcoming atmosphere where you can challenge yourself, and push your limits.
