---
source_url: http://www.219submission.com
final_url: https://www.219submission.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:29.376Z
---

Anchor 1
 BOOK A FREE CLASS
 # 2021 World Champion!
 FREE CLASS
 # We have the most affordable price in the area! Highest quality training for adults, teens and kids with the most experienced Judo and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructor in the area! Also take advantage of the most affordable price in North West Indiana. Stop by or contact us today to start your free tryout classes! Click on the button above for more info.
 Check out our Belt Promotion Photo Gallery
 219 Submission Academy seeks to enhance the development of our students throughout their entire educational experience. Our staff is made up of a group of talented and creative professionals, who are passionate about providing the best Martial Arts School in Crown Point. We offer the tools and support necessary for our students to reach their full potential. Do you want to learn at our Martial Arts School? Get in touch with us today.

 Home: Service

 ## AUTHENTIC BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU AND JUDO
 ### Carlson Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Team
 We are a martial arts school that focus in the arts of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We also add elements of Judo and wrestling to our training making it unique and dynamic. We teach men, women, teens and children ages 5 and up! We serve the areas of North West Indiana such as, Merrillville, Hammond, Schererville, Crown Point, Cedar Lake and more.

 Home: Welcome

 ## SERVICES WE OFFER
 FREE CLASS

 ### JIU-JITSU

 ### JUDO

 ## CLASSES
 ### See What’s Available

 Home: Service

 Go to top

 Home: Homepage_about

 Go to top
 ## INSTRUCTORS
 We have a fantastic team of caring and supportive instructors. All 219 Submission Academy's staff are passionate about making a lasting impact in the lives of our students, through their tireless dedication and drive to share their own knowledge and experiences. Come and tryout

 ### ANDRE CAMPOS
 Why train with us?
 Andre Campos is the head coach of Powersource Martial arts and 219 Submission academy. Andre is the most experienced Martial artist in the area with over 49 years of active training and competition and over 29 years teaching children and adults of different nationalities and back grounds! Schedule your free class today and see for yourself why so many people in our area are joining our schools. Andre started his training in Judo at the age of 8 years old and currently holds the rank of 3rd degree black belt in Jiu-Jitsu under Carlson Gracie Federation. Certified 4th degree black belt in Judo under USA judo. Andre is certified international Judo coach and a member of the Illinois Martial Arts Hall of Fame. In 2021 Andre took Gold at World Master in Las Vegas. For Andre's full bio click on the button bellow.

 Bio

 ### JOHN HERNANDEZ
 Amazingly energetic and driven, John Hernandez teaches kids and adult's our blended Judo and Jiu-Jitsu program. Along with learning the class foundations, John provides our students with an opportunity to discover their inner strengths. He holds the rank of Brown Belt in Judo and Black belt in BJJ.

 Contact

 # Dustin Bates holds the rank of Black Belt in BJJ

 Home: TeamMember
 ## It's for girls and women of all ages too!

 Go to top

 Home: Feature

 ## Why learn with us?
 ### ACCURATE AND HONEST
 #### Nothing but the Best
 At 219 Submission Academy, we believe that our Accurate and Honest business model make us unique and stand out from other schools. We aim to provide the best resources possible for all of our students, making them feel valued and supported in their learning environment. Don’t hesitate to contact us with any questions about our programs.

 ### AWARD-WINNING
 #### For Your Benefit
 We are part of Award-Winning team that makes all the difference to our success as a well-renowned Martial Arts School. Our instructors are world class competitors. Not all our students are or will become competitors, some students come to us for fitness, weight loss, self defense or for fun. Get in touch with us today to schedule your visit and to experience the impact that our program can make in your life.

 ### GOALS
 #### Experience the Difference
 Our foundation is based on discipline and respect for others in and outside our d ojo so the students at
 219 Submission help us stand out from the rest of the schools in the area, which is why we put a lot of time and effort into their development. Visit us today and see for yourself what makes our Martial Arts School so special.

 Go to top
 FREE CLASS

 Home: Why us?

 ## LINKS
 ### Click on the logos to visit pages

 ### POWERSOURCE MARTIAL ARTS

 Check out Powersource Martial Arts website!

 ### USA JUDO

 For USA Judo information, news and membership. When purchasing a new membership, please

 Home: News
 Please note that the free classes will be shown in our two locations:
 Powersource in Homewood, IL
 219 Submission in Crown Point, IN
 ​
 Like, subscribe and follow us on our social media so you don't miss any news!
 ​
 ​

 ## TO SEE OUR SCHEDULE CLICK HERE
 GO

 GO
 ## TO TRY A FREE CLASS CLICK HERE
 Go to top

 ##### Contact Us
 Thanks for submitting!

 Submit

 - - -

 ​
 Like, subscribe and follow us on our social media so you don't miss any news!
 ​
 ​

 Go to top

 ##### Contact Us
 Thanks for submitting!

 Submit

 - - -

 MEMBERS LOGIN
 FREE CLASS
 SCHEDULE

 Buy Membership
 Go to top
