---
source_url: http://www.unitedbjjhawaii.com
final_url: https://unitedbjjhawaii.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:17.258Z
---

Skip to content #

 ×
 # JIU JITSU THAT FEELS LIKE HOME off
 Run by World Champions on O'ahu

 -

 ### Where Discipline Meets Purpose Our academy is built on values of respect, perseverance, and personal growth, helping students of all backgrounds become stronger in body and mind.

 ### Where Discipline Meets Purpose Join Now

 ### Passionate & Certified Instructors Our team of experienced coaches is dedicated to guiding every student with patience, precision, and purpose. We lead by example — on and off the mat.

 ### Passionate & Certified Instructors Free Trial

 ### Flexible Classes to Fit Your Life Whether you’re a beginner or advanced, we offer classes throughout the week to match your pace and goals. Find a time that works and start your journey today.

 ### Flexible Classes to Fit Your Life Book Private lesson

 ## ABOUT UNITED BJJ HAWAII United BJJ Hawaii, located inside 24 Hour Fitness Pearl City, is a welcoming community for martial artists of all ages and backgrounds. Founded by world-class athletes Bruno Pucci, a 2-time Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi World Champion, and Angela Lee Pucci, a 6-time MMA World Champion, our academy provides top-tier instruction in a safe, clean, and supportive environment.
 Whether it’s a child gaining confidence to stand up against bullies, a family bonding through martial arts, or a service member finding camaraderie while building skills and resilience, everyone has a place here. It’s not about competition—it’s about collaboration. At United BJJ Hawaii, we grow together as a family.
 Book a free Trial

 ### Professional Trainers

 ### All Levels Welcome

 ### Advanced Training Tools

 - - - -

 -
 ## Start your free trial and experience the difference today! Join Now!

 ## Find the Perfect Time to Train Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned athlete, we’ve got classes that fit your lifestyle. Check out our weekly schedule and start planning your journey on the mat.
 View Schedule

 Platform
 ## Our Digital Platform United BJJ Hawaii also connects students to our digital platform, Jiu Jitsu & Coffee an online hub for learning, mindset, and community beyond the mats.
 Jiu Jitsu & Coffee

 ### Teens BJJ & No-Gi (Ages 13-16)
 Teens will learn fundamental and advanced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques in both gi and no-gi formats, while building strength, coordination, and
 Learn More

 ### Adults BJJ Basics
 BJJ Basics is ideal for beginners and those refining their foundational skills. This class covers essential moves, positions, and concepts
 Learn More

 ### Adult BJJ & No-Gi Classes
 Advanced – All Levels classes focus on Jiu Jitsu movement, advanced techniques, practical application, and competition training. Ideal for experienced
 Learn More

 ### Lil Keiki BJJ & No-Gi (Ages 6-9)
 Building Confidence, Character, and Coordination Our Lil Keiki BJJ class is a fun and engaging 45-minute session designed for kids
 Learn More

 ### Tiny Tots BJJ (Ages 3-5)
 Engage, Learn, and Grow with Tiny Tots BJJ! This fun and interactive 30-minute class is designed for children ages 3-5,
 Learn More

 ### Kids BJJ & No-Gi Classes (Ages 10-12)
 Building Skills, Strength, and Confidence Our Kids BJJ & No-Gi classes are tailored for ages 10-13, offering a 1-hour session
 Learn More

 Veterans Scholarships
 ## We Defy Program United BJJ Hawaii is now a proud partner of We Defy Foundation, a non-profit organization that provides BJJ and fitness scholarships to veterans.
 Join Now!

 ## Team Of Expert Instructors

 ### Shelton Guerrero Instructor
 -

 ### Maraya Miller Instructor
 -

 ### BRUNO PUCCI Gym Owner + Head Instructor
 -

 ### ANGELA LEE PUCCI Gym Owner + Instructor
 -

 ### Jason Zawacki Coach
 -

 ### Logan Hackbarth Assistant Coach
 -

 ### Lacroix Charlie - - - - -

 ” Only trained for a short period of time but the gym was amazing I did morning classes with Jason and it was awesome. He’s a real good coach that takes time to show

 ### Kyle Hessler - - - - -

 ” I was super grateful to come train with Professor Bruno Pucci and all the folks at United BJJ! Thanks for having me while visiting the island! “

 ### Dale Hackbarth - - - - -

 ” Great place to learn!! Fun for everyone! “

 ### Juan Castaneda - - - - -

 “Friendly and professional environment. Coaches are knowledgeable and friendly. Clean facility and great set up. Perfect for all ages.”

 ### Robert Brown - - - - -

 ” Angela and Bruno really make BJJ fun for the kids. It took a lot for us to go outside of our comfort zone and try BJJ. Angela and Bruno welcomed us as if

 ### GoldManHere - - - - -

 ### Daniel Mabalot - - - - -

 ” United BJJ Hawaii is an awesome training center for gi and no-gi Brazilian Jujitsu. My daughter does their “lil Keiki” class and loves it! Coach Bruno and coach Angela are excellent teachers, they

 ### Nathan Claudio - - - - -

 “Coaches Bruno and Angela are great instructors and even better people. This is a great place to get quality training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for yourself and for your family. The gym is also

 ### Mike Chu - - - - -

 ” I’m turning 40 and I wanted to start working out and always wanted to do BJJ but didn’t know where to start and was a bit intimidated going to some place new. My

 ### Kyrie Low - - - - -

 ” Bringing my 10 year old daughter to United BJJ was the best thing that happened to her. She’s feeling more confident and she’s learning so much from Coach Bruno. He breaks down all

 Platform
 ## Our Digital Platform United BJJ Hawaii also connects students to our digital platform, Jiu Jitsu & Coffee an online hub for learning, mindset, and community beyond the mats.
 Jiu Jitsu & Coffee

 - -

 - -

 ## Leave Us Your Info

 Contact Page Text Input

 Email

 Textarea

 Submit Now

 Follow on Instagram

 TOP
