---
source_url: http://1jiujitsu.com
final_url: https://1jiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:48.810Z
---

Book a consultation

 English
 en
 Español
 es

 Claim Free Trial!

 English
 en
 Español
 es

 Claim Free Trial!

 # Get in Shape & Build Unshakeable Confidence

 ## Try 3 classes free at Miami Lakes' most beginner-friendly jiu jitsu academy. No experience needed. No contracts. No pressure.

 ### 3 Class Introduction Name:
 Email:
 Phone:

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 What Our Customers Say

 reviews

 5.0

 (63)

 Review us on Google

 Isabel Kozicki 2 months ago

 Very nice coach awesome gym and community

 VALERIA RIOS PALAU 2 months ago

 Great gym, amazing coach an athletes, for sure recommended. I love it ! ✨

 ale rios 2 months ago

 Came here for a 1 day pass with my sister and we had such an amazing time! Everyone is so nice and welcoming and the instructor, Juan is so patient and great at explaining. Also the gym is super clean and organized, we’ll definitely come back!
 Read more

 ## Claim Your 3-Class Introduction Spots are limited each week to keep classes high quality.

 ### 3 Class Introduction Name:
 Email:
 Phone:

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 ## Who This Is Perfect For You’ll feel right at home if:
 - You’ve never trained before - You feel “out of shape” but want to change that - You want real self-defense skills - You’re looking for discipline, confidence, and community - You want to try BJJ without pressure or contracts
 If you’re brand new — you’re exactly who this is for .

 ## Why 1JiuJitsu? At 1JiuJitsu, we focus on:
 - Technical instruction that makes sense - A respectful, ego-free culture - Long-term growth — not intimidation - Helping beginners feel comfortable from day one
 We don’t just teach techniques — we teach people.

 #### What You Get in the 3-Class Intro #### ✔ 3 Guided BJJ Classes (Gi & No-Gi options available)
 ✔ Beginner-Friendly Instruction — no experience needed
 ✔ Safe, Structured Training Environment
 ✔ Personal Attention from Our Coaches
 ✔ A Clear Path Forward After Your Trial

 #### Most people know after 2–3 classes whether Jiu-Jitsu is for them.We’ve built this experience to help you decide — fast and confidently.

 ## Find peace and focus.
 We're a team of professional martial artists that proudly teach and guide the people of Hialeah and Miami Lakes.

 786-873-2459
 2760 W 84TH ST, UNIT #1
 Hialeah, FL 33016
 info@1jiujitsu.com

 Claim Free Trial!

 Copyright 1Jiu-Jitsu 2026

 Share by:
