---
source_url: https://www.rmelitebjj.com
final_url: https://rmelitebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:23.954Z
---

# RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### A Next Generation MMA Affiliate Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome To ## RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, a Next Generation MMA affiliate, is proud to provide martial arts classes to Van Alstyne, Texas and surrounding areas. With a focus on a family-oriented environment, martial arts classes at RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu are friendly and welcoming. So if you’re new to martial arts and nervous to take the plunge, know that you’ll be welcomed with open arms and supported by the RM Elite team! We personally invite you to come check us out with a free trial class.
 ##### Currently, we offer classes in: Adult BJJ (14+ years old), Adult Striking (14+ years old), Youth BJJ (8-13 years old), & Kids BJJ (5-7 years old)!

 ## Free Trial Class! Still not sure that RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is for you? Don’t just take our word for it, experience our Jiu-Jitsu Classes for yourself. Sign up now and receive a FREE trial class!

 Sign Up!

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## About Us At RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we are passionate about Jiu-Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students, and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Here at RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for BJJ or an program that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 ## Get To Know Us

 About RM Elite
 ##### At RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we genuinely believe that Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone. This means you won’t find a hard-nosed, overwhelming environment where only competitors are welcome. Our BJJ classes are designed to help newcomers ease into training while constantly learning and bettering themselves. We’ll never push students into something they’re not ready for, but we’ll definitely push them to keep trying and put in the work to reach their goals.
 Learn More

 RM Elite History
 ##### As a Next Generation MMA affiliate, RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is rooted in more than two decades of history. Founded in 1998 by 5 stripe black belt and MMA veteran Chris Brennan, Next Generation MMA has grown to include multiple affiliation locations worldwide. RM Elite owner and head instructor Roger Myers II first connected with Next Generation as a student, beginning his Jiu-Jitsu journey there in 2011.
 Learn More

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Discipline Brazilian jiu-jitsu training will help you understand the importance of discipline in life, both on and off the mats.

 ##### Respect BJJ classes will help you develop a newfound respect for yourself, your peers, and your instructors.

 ##### Motivation Surrounded by a supportive community of peers and instructors at RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, you’ll find endless motivation to meet your goals.

 ##### Perseverance By training jiu-jitsu, you’ll be instilled with the drive to never give up, even in difficult situations.

 ##### Physical Fitness Those who train BJJ typically find themselves with improved endurance and balance, and even gaining strength and losing weight!

 ##### Fun Above all, the team here at RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu wants to make sure that your time training here is FUN.

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To:

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It, Hear It From Students:

 He is so patient with the kids and knows how to keep them focused and motivated.

 Amy B , Facebook

 Roger is a down to earth guy and family man. He is a great instructor for the kids.

 Tim S , Facebook

 Highly recommend his classes for both children, men and women!

 Angela C , Google

 The gym is growing and has amazing potential because of the awesome work the team is doing. I highly recommend them.

 Stephen V , Google

 We LOVE RM Elite. We have been a part of this gym since 2020 and have been blown away by Coach Myers and his leadership.

 Caitlyn K , Google

 Everyone is kind and very approachable. I have felt welcomed from the beginning.

 Chris C , Facebook

 ### Contact Us Today! RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (469) 441-1414
 rmelitebjj@gmail.com
 203 Bear Rd, Bldg #11, Van Alstyne, TX 75495
 Get Directions

 ### RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu 203 Bear Rd, Bldg #11, Van Alstyne, TX 75495
 Get Directions

 ## Free Trial Class! Still not sure that RM Elite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is for you? Don’t just take our word for it, experience our Jiu-Jitsu Classes for yourself. Sign up now and receive a FREE trial class!

 Sign Up!
