---
source_url: http://snakehilljiujitsu.com
final_url: https://snakehilljiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:13.931Z
---

# Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu #### Culture, Community, Combat Get Started Today!

 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial Class! ×

 #### Welcome to ## Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu
 Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu welcomes everyone to train martial arts in Highland, New York. We happily work with students of all ages, experience levels, and genders. Our atmosphere is rooted in ensuring every martial artist feels comfortable and strong. Whether you’re looking to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we are ready to lift you to new heights.

 ## Free Trial Class Take the first step towards experiencing the thrill of Jiu-Jitsu firsthand by signing up for our Free Trial Class!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial Class! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More Snake Hill:

 ##
 #### About Us: ##### Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu is your sanctuary away from stress and distraction. We come together to build and grow through community. While we improve ourselves through the three pillars of culture, community, and combat. We learn Jiu-Jitsu which applies to real-world situations, so we’re effective and strong in combat. Our students are brought up with patient instructors who pass on techniques to continuously grow on and off the mat.
 #### Our History: Owner Nick Spencer had a decade of experience in Jiu-Jitsu and striking before he decided to open the doors in 2024. Nick’s passion for coaching led him to live out his dream of owning a martial arts school in Highland, New York. As Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu’s legacy begins, Nick strives to improve the lives of his students through BJJ, regardless of their obstacles.

 ## Current Class Schedule Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Culture Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu celebrates unity and hard work in our academy. It’s about uplifting each other in a positive environment.

 ##### Community Our instructors and students look out for one another. We strive to improve among like-minded individuals.

 ##### Combat BJJ prepares your body for physical challenges and tasks such as competition or self-defense.

 ##### Character We’re not only building up martial arts but also character. At Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu, you walk off the mat more disciplined, patient, and responsible.

 ##### Confidence As you grow stronger, you grow more confident. Training will equip you with leadership skills for school, work, and life.

 #####

 ## Free Trial Class Take the first step towards experiencing the thrill of Jiu-Jitsu firsthand by signing up for our Free Trial Class!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial Class! ×

 ## Programs Offered

 ##
 #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our programs offer an immersive and comprehensive training experience, designed to cater to practitioners of all levels. Each class is structured to maximize your learning and development in the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self-defense that every person should master. BJJ focuses on ground-level altercations – utilizing holds, throws, and a variety of submission techniques. This makes BJJ ideal when learning how to take on an opponent who may be larger than you, without necessarily having to hurt them.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi and No Gi)
 - Kids (7-12) - Adults (13+)

 ##
 #### (Little Cobras) age 4-6 In this playful and engaging class, we introduce young children to the fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu and wrestling through fun drills, games, and movement-based learning. Our goal is to build coordination, confidence, and a love for martial arts in a supportive atmosphere.

 ##
 #### (Cobras) ages 7-13 This class focuses on developing a strong grappling foundation while reinforcing key values such as confidence, teamwork, and discipline. Students learn effective Jiu-Jitsu and wrestling techniques in a positive, structured environment that encourages growth both on and off the mats.

 ## Meet Our Instructors

 ### Nick Spencer
 Head Coach

 ### Steve Spencer
 Coach

 ## Current Class Schedule Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ### Contact Us Today! We invite nearby communities, including Lloyd, Poughkeepsie, Milton, and beyond, to join Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu in Highland for top-quality martial arts training.

 (845) 674-4885
 snakehilljiujitsu@gmail.com
 50 Vineyard Ave., Highland, NY, 12528
 Get Directions

 ### Snake Hill Jiu-Jitsu 50 Vineyard Ave., Highland, NY, 12528
 Get Directions
