---
source_url: http://www.hubcitycombatsports.com/kids-program
final_url: http://www.hubcitycombatsports.com/kids-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:55.542Z
---

# KIDS PROGRAM

 #### Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ ) is a self-defense martial art and combat sport based on grappling, ground fighting, and submission holds.
 BJJ approaches self-defense by emphasizing taking an opponent to the ground, gaining a dominant position, and using a number of techniques to force them into submission via joint locks or chokeholds.
 BJJ was popularized in cage fighting by the UFC in 1993. Today it’s used in grappling competitions, cage fighting, the Military, and Law Enforcement.
 Our Kids BJJ Program focuses on teaching techniques to safely control others and escape dangerous positions to children while also having fun.
 We also introduce students of our Kids Program to our Kids Class Code of Conduct that focuses on respect for others and prioritizing safety.

 #### Kids Age 6 - 9 This is our youngest age group and a great time to introduce your child to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. The curriculum in this program is centered around exercises and games that will teach our youngest students the basic movements, techniques, skills, and core values of jiu jitsu.

 #### Kids Age 10 - 14 This is the oldest age group in our kids program and is an important transitional phase as we prepare these students to enter into the adult program and the adult world. It is our goal to equip them with the confidence and skill set they will need to excel and continue to grow with Jiu Jitsu into adulthood.

 #### Kids Program Rules To ensure that our kids have a safe place to train and class runs smoothly, we request parents take notice of the following class rules:
 - No shoes on the mats
 - No bare feet off the mats
 - Shoes must be worn in the bathroom
 - No non-gym toys and equipment on the mats
 - No jewelry on the mats
 - Keep nails cut short
 - Bring training uniform (gi) and belt to class
 - Bring a water bottle and set it near the mat
 - Younger siblings may participate in warm-ups and games if a waiver is signed for each child
 Check the gym’s Facebook page for class cancellations (ie holidays, inclement weather). We will follow Marshfield School District’s inclement weather cancellations
