---
source_url: http://www.graciesouthbay.com/
final_url: https://graciesouthbay.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:16.569Z
---

GRACIE SOUTH BAY NATIONAL CITY WELCOME TO SOUTH BAY'S PREMIER ACADEMIES FOR AUTHENTIC GRACIE BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU OUR WORLD CLASS INSTRUCTORS ALLOW YOU TO TRAIN WITH THE BEST LEARN AUTHENTIC JIU JITSU FROM SOME OF THE TOP INSTRUCTORS IN THE INDUSTRY GRACIE SOUTH BAY OFFERS KIDS PROGRAMS HELPING BUILD CONFIDENCE, CHARACTER, SELF DEFENSE, AND VALUES OF RESPECT

 # WELCOME TO GRACIE JIU JITSU SOUTH BAY Thank you for your interest in the Gracie South Bay Jiu Jitsu Academy. Our Academy was founded by 9x world champion Leticia Ribeiro and UFC Veteran Fabricio Camoes, both of which are Black Belts under the legend of the sport, Master Royler Gracie. Gracie South Bay caters to people of all ages and different Jiu Jitsu Interests. Our student base ranges from kids age 4 to senior adults. Although you may not want to be next world Jiu Jitsu champion, you still deserve championship quality and techniques. Our student interests range from the simple hobbyists to competing professional athletes.

 ### ### KIDS PROGRAM ### Our Kids Program will increase your child’s coordination, confidence, and self-defense skills in a non-violent manner.

 ### ### ADULT PROGRAM ### We offer courses for all levels of experience, whether you are new to Jiu Jitsu, or you’re a competition athlete.

 ### ### WOMENS PROGRAM We offer Women’s only Brazilian Jiu Jitsu courses as well as Woman’s only self defense martial arts.

 ### ### PRIVATE LESSONS ### We offer private one-on-one instruction for all levels of Jiu Jitsu. Contact us for more info.

 # INSTRUCTORS
 Leticia Ribeiro is a distinguished Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) practitioner, renowned for her exceptional achievements as both a competitor and coach. She is a trailblazer of the sport. She embarked on her BJJ journey at the age of 15 in 1995 at the Gracie Tijuca Academy in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Under the mentorship of Marcelo Machado and Arthur Carthiar, and later training with Royler Gracie, Vinicius Aieta and Saulo Ribeiro, she honed her skills within the esteemed Gracie Humaitá team.Ribeiro’s competitive career is marked by an impressive array of titles, including nine IBJJF World Championships, three Pan American Championships, five Brazilian Nationals titles and many others. Her prowess on the mat earned her induction into the IBJJF Hall of Fame in 2012 .Beyond her personal accolades, Leticia has made significant contributions as a coach and mentor. She is the founder and head instructor of Gracie South Bay in San Diego, California, where she continues to influence the BJJ community . Among her notable students is Beatriz Mesquita, whom she awarded a black belt and considered one of the greatest female Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu athletes of all time, highlighting her role in developing future champions.Leticia Ribeiro’s legacy in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is characterized by her competitive success, dedication to coaching, and efforts to promote women’s participation in the sport. Fabrício dos Santos Camões, widely known by his nickname “Morango” (Portuguese for “Strawberry”), is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist and a respected Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) black belt. He began his martial arts journey with judo at the age of eight and later incorporated taekwondo and muay Thai into his training. His transition to BJJ was influenced by a friendly challenge from his cousin, Cristiano Marcello, which sparked his dedication to the discipline .
 Camões earned his black belt in BJJ under Royler Gracie and is affiliated with the Gracie Humaitá team. He has achieved notable success in BJJ competitions, including winning the IBJJF World No-Gi Championship in 2015 and 2016 in the Master 2 division .
 In his MMA career, Camões competed in prominent organizations such as Elite XC, Strikeforce and the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He made his UFC debut at UFC 106 against Caol Uno, a fight that ended in a draw. Throughout his MMA tenure, he amassed a professional record of 14 wins, 9 losses, and 1 draw, with victories achieved through knockouts, submissions, and decisions .
 Beyond his competitive endeavors, Camões co-founded Gracie South Bay in San Diego, California, alongside his wife, Letícia Ribeiro, a multiple-time BJJ world champion. Together, they have developed a renowned BJJ academy known for its strong youth and adult programs. .

 …

 # STAY CONNECTED NATIONAL CITY GRACIE JIU JITSU STUDIO:
 340 W 26th St, National City, CA 91950
 619.474.0944 / info@graciesouthbay.com

 Check out Gracie South Bay Jiu Jitsu on Yelp
