---
source_url: https://www.jvgrapplingarts.com/classes.html
final_url: https://www.jvgrapplingarts.com/classes.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:02.847Z
---

VILLANUEVA GRAPPLING ARTS
 619-467-7886

 ## Classes Kinder Class (ages 3-5) | Tues & Thurs 4:15pm - 5pm
 | Kinder Class is focused towards our little warriors. Students will learn an effective form of self defense that does not rely on strength or size but technique and leverage. The 45 min class will be broken up into three parts, the warm-up, the instruction/practical application portion, and end with some sparring. Our goal with the Kinder class is to help grow self assured, respectful individuals.

 ## Kids Class (ages 6-12) | Tues & Thurs 5pm-6pm, Weds 4pm-5pm, Sat 10AM – 11am | Students will learn an effective form of self defense that does not rely on strength or size but technique and leverage. The hour long class will be broken up into three parts, the warm-up, the instruction/practical application portion, and finish off with some sparring. Our goal with the kids class is to help grow self assured, respectful individuals.

 Teen/Adv Class (ages 12-17 &Yellow Belt +up) | Mon & Wed 5pm – 6pm
 | Open to Teens and our Advanced students, yellow belt and above. This will be a faster pace class and go over more of the newer Jiu Jitsu concepts. The class will be broken up in 3 parts similar to the rest of our classes.

 ## ​Adult Basics Class (ages 13 +up) | Mon & Wed 6pm – 7:30pm | This class focuses on the basics of Jiu Jitsu. All great champions come from a strong foundation. Students will learn various simple and effective ways to defend themselves through manipulation of leverage and submissions. This hour and a half long class will begin with a warm-up followed by instruction and practical application ending with some sparring.

 ## ​Adult Advanced Class (ages 13 +up) | Tues & Thurs 6pm – 7:30pm | In the advanced class students will be introduced to combinations of techniques learned in the beginners class as well as some more complicated techniques. Warm-ups will be more intense in this class, the instruction and practical application part will include drills and situational sparring. The sparring session will be for a longer duration of time meant to challenge the students body and mind.

 ## Open Mat (ages 16 +up) | Sat 11am – 12:30pm | Open mat is the opportunity for students to use the facility for what best suits their needs. This is a great time to drill or go over certain techniques in an unstructured setting, Students may also use this time to get some more sparring in.
