---
source_url: https://805combatsports.com/classes/kids-bjj-classes/
final_url: https://805combatsports.com/classes/kids-bjj-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:53.894Z
---

# Kid's BJJ Classes in Simi Valley

 ## Building Confidence Through Play and Discipline

 Welcome to 805 Combat Sports, where our Kid's BJJ program is designed to introduce your child to the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a fun, safe, and nurturing environment. Our goal is to instill confidence, respect, and healthy habits that will last a lifetime.
 Voted Best Kids and Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Ventura County
 2016, 2017, 2018 & 2019

 Join Now

 Why Choose BJJ for Your Child?
 - Boost Confidence: Through mastering new skills and overcoming challenges, children grow more confident in their abilities. - Enhance Discipline: BJJ teaches kids the value of persistence, focus, and respect for others and themselves. - Bullyproof: Our program equips children with self-defense skills and the wisdom to avoid and de-escalate conflicts. - Fitness Fun: Kids get a full-body workout that improves balance, coordination, and overall physical fitness in an enjoyable way. - Social Skills: Classes are a great place for children to make friends and learn the importance of teamwork and cooperation.

 Our Program
 Our classes cater to kids of all ages and skill levels, ensuring that each child receives the attention and guidance they deserve. Our experienced instructors are passionate about helping every student thrive, both on and off the mats.
 - Safety First: The safety of our students is our utmost priority. We practice BJJ with a focus on control and technique, minimizing the risk of injury. - Age-Appropriate Learning: Our curriculum is split into age-appropriate groups, ensuring that content and teaching methods are tailored to your child's developmental stage. - Character Development: Beyond physical skills, we emphasize character building, helping children develop virtues such as integrity, courage, and kindness.
 Join Our Family
 At 805 Combat Sports, we believe BJJ is more than a martial art—it's a tool for personal development and lifelong learning. If you're looking for a way to boost your child’s confidence, discipline, and fitness levels, our Kids BJJ program is the perfect fit.
 Start Your Child’s Adventure Today!
 Contact us to learn more about our Kid's BJJ classes and how you can enroll your child in a free trial class. Let’s help your child begin their journey to becoming their best self.
 Empower your child for life. Try our free week trial.

 Free Class Why are you hesitating? If you want to learn self-defense, gain self-discipline, and boost your confidence, come in for a free class and see the difference 805 Combat Sports can make in your life. Don't wait, join us today.

 Get Your Free Class
