---
source_url: https://805combatsports.com/classes/youth-bjj-classes/
final_url: https://805combatsports.com/classes/youth-bjj-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:54.476Z
---

# Youth BJJ Classes in Simi Valley

 ## Cultivating Strength, Respect, and Perseverance

 Welcome to 805 Combat Sports, a community where your youth can grow in strength, confidence, and character through the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our Youth BJJ program is specifically tailored to help young people navigate life’s challenges both on and off the mats.
 Voted Best Kids and Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Ventura County
 2016, 2017, 2018 & 2019

 Join Now

 Empowerment Through BJJ (Ten Years and Older)

 - Develop Resilience: BJJ is a physical chess game that teaches kids to think critically and stay calm under pressure. - Promote Respect: We instill the importance of mutual respect between peers and instructors, emphasizing the respect they earn through hard work and dedication. - Encourage Healthy Habits: Regular training promotes physical health, mental sharpness, and positive lifestyle choices. - Bully Defense: Our program empowers youth with the skills to protect themselves and understand when and how to use them responsibly. - Social Growth: BJJ is not just about individual achievement; it’s about being part of a team and growing together.

 Tailored Training for Tomorrow’s Leaders
 Our Youth BJJ classes are more than just learning submissions and takedowns; they are about providing the tools your child needs to succeed in all walks of life. Our experienced instructors are not just teachers of BJJ; they are mentors dedicated to helping each student realize their full potential.
 - Inclusive Environment: We welcome students from all backgrounds and skill levels to join our inclusive community where everyone belongs. - Structured Progress: Our structured curriculum allows for clear progression, with each class building on the last to promote continuous improvement and a sense of achievement.
 Join the Journey
 At 805 Combat Sports, we’re not just building young athletes; we’re shaping the leaders of tomorrow. BJJ provides a unique platform for personal growth, and we’re here to guide every step of the way.
 Start Your Free Trial
 Get in touch with us to sign up for a free week of classes and see firsthand how our Youth BJJ program can benefit your child. Let’s give your youth the edge they need for success in life.
 Elevate your child’s potential at 805 Combat Sports.

 ## Youth BJJ Class Schedule

 Mondays
 5 - 6 pm - Youth Jiu Jitsu
 Tuesdays
 5 - 6 pm - Youth Jiu Jitsu
 Wednesdays
 5 - 6 pm - Youth Jiu Jits u

 Thursdays
 5 - 6 pm - Youth Jiu Jitsu
 Saturdays
 10 - 11 am - Youth Competition Class

 Free Week Of BJJ Why are you hesitating? If you want to learn self-defense, gain self-discipline, and boost your confidence, come in for a free class and see the difference 805 Combat Sports can make in your life. Don't wait, join us today.

 Get Your Free Week

 ## CONTACT

 805 COMBAT SPORTS
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 1407 E. Los Angeles Ave, Unit J. Simi Valley, Ca 93065
 Tel: 805.263.1553
 ​805combatsports@gmail.com

 Name (Required) First Last
 Email (Required) Enter Email Confirm Email
 Phone (Required) Want a call? Leave your number here.

 Comments (Required) Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.
