---
source_url: https://805combatsports.com/classes/adult-bjj-classes/
final_url: https://805combatsports.com/classes/adult-bjj-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:55.056Z
---

# Adult BJJ Classes in Simi Valley

 ## Unlimited Classes in a Welcoming environment

 Learn pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu from the legendary Machado family. Gain discipline, grow your self-esteem, and learn to defend yourself and your loved ones in a safe, welcoming environment focused on honing Jiu Jitsu to your situation and at your pace.

 Join Now

 At 805 Combat Sports, our Adult BJJ classes are tailored to help you master self-defense, improve fitness, and cultivate mental toughness. Located in the heart of Simi Valley, we provide a sanctuary where the ancient art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is practiced with modern training methods and a welcoming community spirit. Our classes are designed for all levels, from those stepping on the mat for the first time to seasoned practitioners looking to hone their skills.
 Why Join Us?
 - Professional and experienced instructors - Comprehensive BJJ curriculum - Supportive and friendly community - Programs for all skill levels - Focus on real-world self-defense techniques - Opportunities for competition (for those interested) - A balance of physical conditioning and technical drilling

 Unlock your potential and find camaraderie on the mats at 805 Combat Sports. Our Adult BJJ program is more than a class—it’s a journey towards personal excellence.

 Adult Gi BJJ Classes Refine Technique - Build a Foundation In our Gi BJJ classes, you’ll delve into the intricate world of grips and techniques that define the traditional form of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Donning the classic BJJ uniform, or Gi, you will learn the fundamentals of leverage, positioning, and submissions. The Gi adds a layer of complexity and enables a vast array of chokes and holds not available in No-Gi training. Perfect for beginners and experts alike, these classes focus on detailed instruction and provide a thorough understanding of BJJ’s most essential principles.

 Learn More
 Adult No-Gi BJJ Classes Increase Speed - Enhance Agility No-Gi BJJ strips away the traditional Gi, placing emphasis on grappling techniques that involve clinches and holds that don't rely on the traditional uniform. It's a dynamic class that encourages quick movements and adaptability. Without the Gi, you'll focus on grips on the body such as the neck, arms, and legs. This style of BJJ is popular among those looking to apply their skills in mixed martial arts (MMA) or those who enjoy a faster-paced, more fluid form of grappling.

 Learn More

 ## CONTACT

 805 COMBAT SPORTS
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 1407 E. Los Angeles Ave, Unit J. Simi Valley, Ca 93065
 Tel: 805.263.1553
 ​805combatsports@gmail.com

 Name (Required) First Last
 Email (Required) Enter Email Confirm Email
 Phone (Required) Want a call? Leave your number here.

 Comments (Required) Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.

 Free Class Why are you hesitating? If you want to learn self-defense, gain self-discipline, and boost your confidence, come in for a free class and see the difference 805 Combat Sports can make in your life. Don't wait, join us today.

 Get Your Free Class
