---
source_url: http://www.mountainstatejiujitsu.com/
final_url: https://mountainstatejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:57.108Z
---

- Home - About - ClassesFundamentalsAdult All LevelsKids Jiu--JitsuOpen MatCompetitive ClassDefensive Tactics - Pricing - Schedule - Contact

 (304) 561-4864

 # Welcome to Mountain State Jiu-Jitsu

 ## The highest level of Brazilian Jiu-Jtsu training.

 Mountain State Jiu-Jitsu is a member of the Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Association under Xande Ribeiro located in South Charleston, West Virginia. Our academy lineage comes directly from Jiu-Jitsu legends and multiple-time World Champions, Saulo Ribeiro, Xande Ribeiro, and Chris Blanke. We continue to grow and improve through the guidance of Chris Blanke, who is Saulo and Xande’s first American Black Belt. Chris is the owner of the Toledo Jiu-Jitsu Center/Badger Style Team, IBJJF 4th Degree Black Belt, multiple-time champion, and a certified defensive tactics instructor for the State of Ohio.
 We offer the highest level of Brazilian Jiu-Jtsu training for adults and children, all in a clean, family-friendly, training environment. Our team’s attitude helps encourage everyone to work together to become better people and martial artists. It is our mission to help every student achieve their personal goals for success on and off the mats.

 Facebook Instagram

 ## REACH OUT TO SCHEDULE A FREE CLASS!

 ## We are a private academy and do not allow drop-in training from other academies or associations.

 Full Name

 Class Type

 Email *

 Phone *

 Questions or Comments?

 Send a Message

 # Mountain State Jiu-Jitsu

 ## 304-561-4864

 # Address

 ## 1101 JEFFERSON ROAD SOUTH CHARLESTON, WV 25309
