---
source_url: http://www.groundworkjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://groundworkjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:49.792Z
---

contact us: (949) 391-6499

 # Classes for students of all ages & levels

 ### Fundamentals ### ADULTS CLASSES ### Fundamentals
 Adults & Kids Classes teach the fundamentals of jiu-jitsu. Classes include foundational positions and offensive & defensive techniques from all. Learn self-defense techniques for real-life situations & sport techniques for sparring. After establishing a strong foundation, you’ll begin to build your own jiu-jitsu game through situational training and live sparring. Private Training is available in all programs.

 ### kids ClassES ### ADULTS CLASSES ### Fundamentals
 Our Kids program teaches fundamental self-defense & sport jiu-jitsu techniques and integrates conditioning and skill oriented games. The program aims to build & improve your child's motor skills, agility, flexibility and problem-solving skills. Jiu-Jitsu also teaches discipline, commitment, leadership, appropriate peer interaction, builds confidence, and helps prevent bullying.

 ### ADULTS CLASSES ### ADULTS CLASSES ### ADULTS CLASSES
 Our Adults program teaches techniques for practitioners of all experience levels. From fundamentals to advanced, classes include both self-defense and sport jiu-jitsu techniques, as well as offensive & defensive strategies. Gi & No-Gi classes are offered as well as Open Mat sessions. For students interested in fine-tuning aspects of their game, we offer Private Training.

 ## WHY TRAIN Brazilian jiu-jitsu #### LEARN EFFECTIVE SKILLS & TECHNIQUES Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the most effective martial art for self-defense. Unlike other martial arts, BJJ does not rely on size or strength. Instead, practitioners learn how to leverage their own body to their advantage and effectively apply joint manipulations or for submissions.

 #### GAIN PRACTICAL KNOWLEDGE Since real-world fights often end up on the ground, training in a martial art that focuses predominantly on ground combat is both practical and prudent.

 #### GET IN SHAPE BJJ will also get you in shape! It is a physically demanding sport that requires & teaches dedication, repetition, endurance, agility and flexibility.

 ## Photos Show More

 6AM Morning Class - Triangle Defense

 Grand Opening at our Dana Point Location

 ## Reviews

 ## Connect With Us
