---
source_url: http://realmmaacademy.com/programs.html
final_url: https://www.realmmaacademy.com/programs.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:39.351Z
---

## PROGRAMS REAL Jiu Jitsu & Grappling
 Our grappling program has jiu-jitsu roots with influences from wrestling, judo, and other practices. Quality movement is at the heart of our teaching; we believe that learning to control one’s own body is fundamental to learning to control an opponent. We focus on both GI and NOGI grappling as well as self-defense and sport grappling. No matter what your grappling goals are, they can be pursued and accomplished at RMMA.

 REAL Mix Martial Arts (MMA)
 The Mixed Martial Arts program at RMMA is founded in Muay Thai kickboxing and incorporates techniques from boxing, capoeira, and various other martial arts practices. As in our grappling program, we place strong emphasis on quality movement first, as these components (such as stance and footwork) provide a strong basis to develop one’s striking practice from. These classes focus on self-defense, striking concepts, sport competition concepts, and mixed martial arts.

 REAL Kids Martial Arts
 RMMA’s kids program is designed with character development in mind. We put self-defense at the forefront of our kids' training in such a way that promotes self-confidence. We combine grappling and jiu-jitsu techniques with physical education and movement intelligence in order to improve coordination, mobility, agility, and mindfulness. Our kids' program is divided into two levels according to age --
 Little "Ninjas": Ages 3-5
 Jiu Jitsu "Juniors": Ages 6-8
 Jiu Jitsu "Kids": Ages 9-13

 ## Location ## 891 S IL ROUTE 59Bartlett, IL 60103​847-987-7325 (REAL)
