---
source_url: http://realmmaacademy.com/real-jiu-jitsu-adult-program.html
final_url: https://www.realmmaacademy.com/real-jiu-jitsu-adult-program.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:39.665Z
---

## REAL Jiu jitsu​ Adult Program​

 ## Adult Jiu jitsu Class Description:
 Overview: Welcome to the REAL Jiu Jitsu (Adult Program) at Real Movement and Martial Arts Academy (RMMA), where the art of Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) comes to life. Our program is tailored specifically for adults, providing a comprehensive and engaging experience that encompasses both the physical and mental aspects of this dynamic martial art. Classes are offered in both gi and nogi.
 What Sets Us Apart:
 Expert Instruction: Our dedicated and experienced BJJ instructors are committed to helping you become the best version of yourself on the mats. With years of training and teaching experience, they'll guide you through every aspect of Jiu Jitsu, from fundamentals to advanced techniques. We take a unique scientific approach to teaching and learning. Our module-based learning system prioritize concepts over static techniques. Our framework follows a rotating schedule spanning 8 weeks per module, ensuring a comprehensive and structured educational experience. At RMMA, we believe that REAL Jiu Jitsu is not just about self-defense or sport; it's a path to self-improvement. You'll gain physical fitness, mental resilience, and a deep understanding of martial arts philosophy.
 Technical and tactical Mastery: Explore the intricate techniques of BJJ, including takedowns, submissions, escapes, and ground control. Our curriculum is designed to build a strong foundation while allowing for personal growth and exploration within the art.
 Realistic Self-Defense: Learn practical self-defense skills that can be applied in real-world situations. Gain confidence in your ability to protect yourself and your loved ones.
 Progressive Learning: Our classes are structured to accommodate all skill levels, from beginners to seasoned practitioners. You'll progress at your own pace and receive individualized guidance to help you reach your goals.
 Positive and Inclusive Environment: Join a supportive community of fellow BJJ enthusiasts who share your passion for martial arts. We prioritize respect, camaraderie, and sportsmanship within our academy.
 Competition Readiness: For those interested in testing their skills in competitions, RMMA offers specialized training and coaching to prepare you for the challenges of the tournament circuit. If interested check out the comp class on Fridays!

 Who Can Join: The REAL Jiu Jitsu (Adult Program) at RMMA is open to adults of all backgrounds and fitness levels. Whether you're a complete novice or have prior martial arts experience, our classes are designed to accommodate your journey into the world of grappling.

 What to Bring to your first class: - Comfortable workout attire - A willingness to learn and grow - An open mind and a respectful attitude toward your training partners
 Embark on a transformative journey with REAL Jiu Jitsu at Real Movement and Martial Arts Academy. Experience the physical, mental, and emotional rewards of this incredible martial art while becoming a part of our welcoming and empowering community. Join us today and discover the power within you on and off the mats.

 ## Location ## 891 S IL ROUTE 59Bartlett, IL 60103​847-987-7325 (REAL)
