---
source_url: http://roundersmma.com/classes/-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://roundersmma.com/classes/-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:52.907Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Santa Ana ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Rounders MMA. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu And Get In Amazing Shape! Jiu-Jitsu, meaning “The Gentle Art”, is a Martial art that teaches how to use technique and leverage to defeat your opponent, by taking them to the ground and applying proper techniques that are taught by our skilled and patient instructors.
 Techniques learned at Rounders MMA and Boxing in Santa Ana and Fullerton include:
 - Ground Defense - Grappling - Wrestling - Chokes - Take Downs - Joint Locks - Position Control
 Proper techniques on how to apply these moves will be learned with appropriate use of leverage. Our focus is on both Gi and No-Gi grappling to prepare you for competitions, general fitness training, and basic self defense.
 ## Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training Methods Our students practice using drills in which techniques are implemented against a non-resisting partner. In isolation sparring, commonly referred to as “positional drilling” only a certain technique or set of techniques are used. Full sparring is where each student tries to submit their opponent using any type of legal technique.
 Along with technical training, physical conditioning is a crucial factor in training at Rounders MMA. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu sessions are guaranteed to get your heart pumping and your muscles working. After just a few classes you will start to see benefits like:
 - Improved flexibility and agility - Increased self defense knowledge - Lower stress levels
 ## Sign Up for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Santa Ana or Fullerton Today! If you are interested in signing up at either location or have any questions about our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program, simply fill out the short form on the side of this page. First class is always free – check it out today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In - Santa Ana - Fullerton - Huntington Beach

 ## Boxing, Muay Thai, MMA, Brazilian Jiujitsu, Kickboxing, Wrestling & More Request information

 I enjoy boxing therefore, I self-taught what I believed were the basics many years ago, soon I found out I knew a little to nothing when I met a couple of instructors (who fought and did well as amateur) they trained me at their house and provided great feedback in areas I needed improvement. A few months ago I came across Rounder’s and met the Gym Staff who are motivating, inspiring, passionate, knowledgeable, and genuine individuals who enjoy what they do. My experience at Rounder’s has been one of kind I have had the privilege to workout with many talented upcoming fighters, witness Alfredo, AKA, El Perro Angulo (23W 5L 0D 19Kos) train before his victory against Hector Munoz, and last but not least I lost 18 lbs while learning boxing fundamentals, developing great relationships, and refining my definitions of determination and discipline. I would encourage anyone to come try a class at least once it’s a new year, reach your health goal with the proper guidance here at Rounder’s.

 Congratulations to Alfonso Montes of Santa Ana who has went from a size 38 waist to a size 34 waist. He has gone down four waist sizes training everyday in the 9am cardio kickboxing class at Rounders MMA and Boxing.

 I've always struggled with weight and I've always felt so insecure because I was never those people with the six pack abs and i would always tell myself I was meant to be just another fat guy! But I told myself "you don't loose weight by being miserable and complaing, you loose weight by taking initiative". I came along Rounders MMA & Boxing about 3 months ago and I have found a home that does nothing but help you be motivated and pushes you to do your best! The coaches are true motivators and super supportive! You never feel judged and you always feel accomplished. When I started at Rounders I was at 201 pounds and I've dropped 20 pounds in 3 months. I'm so happy and can't wait to keep pushing myself! This is only the beginning. Thank you Bao Quach and the rest of the amazing staff!!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
