---
source_url: https://www.ironlionteam.com/new-schedule
final_url: https://www.ironlionteam.com/new-schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:21.683Z
---

## CLASS SCHEDULE
 Find more information about classes and
 one-on-one training sessions below.

 BOOK NOW

 ## Group Classes
 Join the gym with one of our memberships or schedule a drop in session.

 #### Kid's Class
 A fun-filled after school class for kids that includes a warm up stretch and an introduction to personal fitness with boxing, kickboxing, wrestling, and MMA!
 ​
 45 minutes. All levels. Ages 8-13. Required: kid's gloves, boxing wraps.

 #### Boxing
 Boxing class for beginner’s focusing on the basics. Learn the fundamentals and build your boxing skills.
 60 minutes. All levels. Required: gloves, boxing wraps, headgear (only for sparring).

 #### Muay Thai
 Practice techniques, drills and sparring focused on Muay Thai, including competition training to build your skills and help you prepare for competition.
 ​
 60 minutes. All levels. Required: gloves, boxing wraps, shin guards.

 #### Boxing & Muay Thai
 For people with experience in boxing and Muay Thai, this class offers training in techniques and drills for both disciplines. Beginners are welcome.
 ​
 60 minutes. All levels. Required: gloves, boxing wraps.

 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ)
 BJJ classes focus on submissions and groundwork, with competition training included during practice. We offer BJJ classes with gi and without gi.
 ​
 60 minutes. All levels. Required: gi required for some classes (see schedule)

 #### Wrestling
 Wrestling classes for all levels focusing on takedown and development of skills across multiple styles of wrestling .
 ​
 60 minutes. All levels. Required for competition: shoes, headgear, singlet.

 #### MMA
 Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is a contact sport that includes a wide range of fighting techniques including striking, kicking, punching and grappling to gain control over an opponent.
 ​
 60 minutes. All levels. Required: MMA gloves, shin guards, headgear, mouth guard

 Book a Group Class

 ## One-on-One Private Training Sessions
 One-on-one training is always focused on each client's individual needs. Private sessions are geared toward anyone from someone looking to improve their personal fitness to fighter's preparing for competition. Training can include dietary advice, general fitness advice, strength training, and more.

 Book a One-on-One
