---
source_url: https://www.ironlionteam.com
final_url: https://www.ironlionteam.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:23.446Z
---

## WELCOME TO IRON LION TEAM
 ## BOXING • MUAY THAI • BJJ • WRESTLING Gym For Fitness And Fight Training
 Our Gym Offers Kid's classes, Women's classes, Beginner & Advanced Classes, and Fight Team Training for Amateur and Professional Athletes

 FREE TRIAL

 ## ABOUT IRON TEAM GYM
 Our gym specializes in everything from personal fitness to fight team, offering classes catered to your needs including:
 ​
 - Kid's Classes - Women's Classes - Beginner & Advanced Classes - Personal training - Fight Team training at Amateur & Professional level
 We offer martial arts including Striking, Boxing, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Karate, Jiu-Jitsu, MMA and Wrestling.
 All of our offerings include aspects of strength training, conditioning, cardio and general fitness. great to loose weight.
 At Iron Lion there is truly something for everyone.

 ###### All of our classes and private sessions are led by active fighters or past competitors. Our instructors have been tested and tried in actual competition. We select only the best.

 ## TUESDAY LADIES CLASS
 ## TUESDAY MMA CLASS
 NEW CLASSES

 # Our Story
 ​
 At Iron Lion Team we believe that in order to excel at anything in life, you must possess solid values and a strong character.
 With a foundation of solid values and strong character, you will develop the dedication required to achieve your goals. Our exceptional team of instructors are here to inspire you to be your very best.
 Joining our team will give you the all important inner strength to navigate our complex world with confidence and drive through your strength, fitness, and fight training.

 Book Now

 # Our Team
 All of our classes and private sessions are led by active fighters or past competitors.
 Our instructors have been tested and tried in actual competition. We select only the best.

 #### Owner & Head Coach
 ###### Charles Grace
 I’m Charlie, owner of Iron Lion Team, and am a current New York State Muay Thai champion (175lbs). I am also the 2022 Muay Thai Champion and 2023 NY State Kickboxing Champion. 2023 New York state Kickboxing Champion.
 I began martial arts training at the age of 7, and hold a black belt in Kyokoshin Karate. I have also trained in Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu for over 12 years.

 "Teaching and training are my passions, and I’m blessed to do what I love. I help everyone I can to work toward their specific goals and develop their best self.
 I am here to help bring out the best in others."

 — Charles Grace, Owner

 #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Instructor
 ###### Angel Torres
 I started training in September of 2010 and I received my blue belt from Jungle Gym Martial Arts before moving to Stratford, CT.
 I received my purple, brown, and black belt under Rafael "Formiga" Barbosa, World Champion and founder of Double Five Jiu Jitsu.
 I feel every time I step on the mat my ground game improves whether I'm drilling, sparring, or teaching.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is my biggest passion and my goal is to help build champions in Jiu Jitsu, MMA, and in life.

 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Instructor
 ###### Isaiah 'Iceman' Vicen
 1st degree Black Belt in BJJ under Rafael Formiga Barbosa
 ​​Pan Ams double sliver ​
 7x time NAGA winner
 Ice has been Teaching for 12 years continuing to share knowledge with the members of Iron Team, Both in competition and in Class

 ## TRAINING EXAMPLES

 ## IN THE RING: UPCOMING AND RECENT FIGHTS
 FIGHTNIGHT-819

 FIGHTNIGHT-818

 FIGHTNIGHT-819

 1/49

 #### Ready to book your first session?
 Book Now
 #### Want to learn more about what we offer?
 Classes
