---
source_url: https://pandarolljiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://pandarolljiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:47.706Z
---

Adult Class Overview

 - Adult Jiu Jitsu This class is designed to establish a solid foundation in Jiu-Jitsu with an emphasis on essential concepts and movement, and advanced technical and conceptual jiu jitsu skills. We’ll focus on efficient movement patterns and positional awareness while introducing you to key positions and cover both offensive and defensive fundamentals, including control strategies, escapes and key transitional skills. - Skills Development This class is designed to give students the opportunity to practice self directed learning. There is so much to learn in jiu jitsu, this class ensures all students get time to work on exactly what they need or want to. Students can work on any skills they wish to improve on while still receiving feedback and guidance from an instructor. - Rolling This is what sets Jiu-Jitsu apart from the majority of martial arts, as you get to test your grappling abilities against resisting, trained opponents, in a live environment. Even if you are new to jiujitsu, it is important to pressure test what you’ve learned to ensure you are not developing bad habits. Training intensity can adapt depending on partner skill level.

 Visitor Overview

 - Open Mat This is not a structured class, rather it is free time for students to work on developing a skill of their choosing. You are free to drill, roll, ask questions of other students. Our open mat sessions are open to all students from all academies, free of charge. - Private Lesson Private lessons are open to students from any academy, these can be one-on-one instruction or small groups, please contact info@pandarolljiujitsu.com or stop by for more information.
