---
source_url: http://club37jj.com/
final_url: https://club37jj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:01.792Z
---

## Announcements

 # Xande Ribeiro #### 1st Weekend in June - Eau Claire, WI Headquarters Location We’re so excited to share that our good friend and absolute legend @xanderibeirojj will be at the club the first weekend in June!
 Xande is widely considered one of the most accomplished competitors in Brazilian jiu-jitsu history.
 - 7× IBJJF World Champion (Gi) - 2× IBJJF No-Gi World Champion - 2× ADCC World Champion - 2× IBJJF Absolute World Champion - Multiple-time IBJJF Pan American Champion - Numerous podium finishes at Worlds and ADCC - IBJJF Hall of Fame inductee - ADCC Hall of Fame inductee
 He holds ADCC records for most matches and most wins and is often ranked among the greatest BJJ competitors of all time.
 And to top things off, he’s probably one of the greatest people you’ll ever meet.
 Stay tuned - more details coming soon!

 ## Classes

 ## Jiu-Jitsu for Everyone: Beginner to Advanced This comprehensive Jiu-Jitsu class welcomes students of all experience levels, from those just starting their martial arts journey to seasoned grapplers looking to refine their skills. Our program emphasizes a strong foundation in technique, ensuring a smooth progression for all.
 ###### Class Structure: - Technique Demonstration: Our instructors will break down essential Jiu-Jitsu moves, providing clear explanations and visual demonstrations. - Drilling: We'll dedicate time to repetitive practice of the techniques, allowing you to solidify muscle memory and build confidence. - Situational Rounds: You'll put your skills to the test in controlled scenarios that simulate real-world applications of Jiu-Jitsu techniques. - Live Sparring: After class, those interested can participate in live sparring sessions to test their abilities in a dynamic setting (separate from the core class time).
 ###### Benefits: - Develop a strong foundation in Jiu-Jitsu - Improve technique and refine your skills - Build confidence and self-defense awareness - Get a great workout and improve overall fitness - Train alongside a supportive community - Whether you're a complete beginner or a seasoned grappler, this class has something for you. Sign up today and take your Jiu-Jitsu journey to the next level!

 See Pricing

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 6+) Is your child bursting with energy and ready for a challenge? Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is the perfect place for them to learn valuable skills in a fun and supportive environment!
 ###### Building Strong Foundations: This class focuses on the essential building blocks of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), specifically designed for children ages 6 and up. Through engaging drills and games, your child will develop:
 - Solid Technique: We'll emphasize proper movements and body mechanics, ensuring a strong foundation for their jiu jitsu journey. - Coordinated Movements: Fun drills will improve your child's balance, agility, and overall coordination. - Confidence and Discipline: Learning self-defense skills fosters a sense of empowerment and teaches valuable discipline.
 ###### Learning Through Play: Our classes are designed to be both educational and exciting. We use a variety of engaging activities to keep your child motivated and ensure they have a blast while learning:
 - Interactive Drills: We'll make learning BJJ fundamentals fun with games and exercises that keep your child engaged. - Safe Practice: Classes are structured with safety as a top priority, promoting a positive and respectful learning environment. - Building Teamwork: Your child will learn alongside peers, fostering camaraderie and a sense of belonging.
 ###### Empowering Your Child: Jiu Jitsu isn't just about self-defense; it's about building well-rounded individuals. This program will help your child develop:
 - Self-Esteem: Mastering new techniques and overcoming challenges boosts your child's confidence. - Focus and Determination: Jiu Jitsu teaches perseverance and the importance of setting goals. - Respect and Sportsmanship: The core values of BJJ emphasize respect for instructors, peers, and opponents.
 Give your child the gift of self-discovery and empowerment. Sign them up for our Kids Jiu Jitsu program today!

 See Pricing

 ## Striking Fundamentals The Striking Fundamentals class is designed to teach you the core principles of striking, with an emphasis on safety and proper technique.
 ###### Master the Basics: This class is perfect for anyone, regardless of experience. Whether you're a beginner or looking to refine your skills, you'll focus on:
 - Solid Mechanics: Learn proper punching, kicking, and footwork techniques to build a strong foundation for striking. - Controlled Power: Develop explosive strikes through pad work, with minimal contact partner drills to ensure a safe learning environment. - Movement Like a Pro: Improve your agility, coordination, and footwork to become a more dynamic striker.
 ###### Train Like a Champion: Our classes are designed to be both educational and fun, offering a challenging workout that gets results:
 - Pad Work Powerhouse: Unleash your inner fighter through dynamic pad drills, focusing on technique and power. - Partner Drills with Control: Learn essential striking combinations through controlled partner drills that emphasize safety and proper form. - Building Confidence: Mastering new techniques and improving your fitness will boost your confidence and self-esteem.
 ###### More Than Just Striking: This program goes beyond physical skills. You'll also develop:
 - Discipline: Focus and commitment are key to mastering these striking techniques. - Coordination: Train your body and mind to work together for smooth and powerful strikes. - Respect: Learn proper sportsmanship and respect for yourself and your training partners.
 ###### Ready to Strike Up Something New? Join our Striking Fundamentals class and experience the thrill of learning effective striking techniques in a safe and supportive environment. This program is perfect for anyone who wants to improve their fitness, gain self-confidence, and discover a love for the art of striking.

 See Pricing

 ## Our Instructors

 ## 3rd Degree Black Belt Tim Blackstone
 -

 # Tim Blackstone Owner of Rebel Jiu Jitsu

 ## Blue Belt Sara Martinek
 1x Pan Jiu-Jitsu IBJJF Silver Medalist
 -

 # Sara Martinek Owner/Gym Manager

 ## Black Belt Catlon Martinek
 -

 # Catlon Martinek Owner/Head Instructor

 ## Black Belt Skylar Horton

 # Skylar Horton Instructor

 ## Brown Belt Nicklaus Metnik
 2x Master Worlds Jiu-Jitsu IBJJF Silver Medalist
 -

 # Nicklaus Metnik Instructor

 ## Purple Belt Ray Hom
 1x Pan Jiu-Jitsu IBJJF Champion
 -

 # Ray Hom Owner/Instructor - North

 ## Membership Pricing

 ## BJJ Unlimited classes # $99 Sign Up

 ## Striking # $75 Sign Up

 ## BJJ Kid's classes # $65 Sign Up

 Ages 12 and under

 ## Other Options 2 days per week / Striking or BJJ
 $75
 10 class punch card
 $100
 Drop-in fee (does not apply to Sunday Open Mat)
 $15
 Military Discount
 25% off
 Student Discount
 10% off
 Police Discount
 10% off
 Family Member add on 50% off for each additional person

 ** Sunday Open Mat is Open to all Schools – no cost **

 ## Contact Information - Address: W3450 WI-37, Eau Claire, WI 54701 - E-mail: club37jj@gmail.com - Phone: (715) 529-5361

 Top
