---
source_url: https://teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees
final_url: https://www.teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:54.743Z
---

# Jiu Jitsu ProGRAMS & FEES ## Memberships Start at $105 every 4 weeks

 ## Try It Out - Risk Free 1. Single drop-in class without membership is $35. But for first-time visitors (with local ID), we offer a complimentary trial class . We provide free uniform rental if you don't have your own.
 2. Talk to us about your training needs and fitness goals. We can recommend a membership option that best fit your needs and budget. We offer traditional gi (martial art uniform) Jiu Jisu, no-gi Jiu Jitsu, and yoga classes. Memberships start at just $105 every 4 weeks (1 class per week) to $178 every 4 weeks for unlimited training with no long-term commitments . We offer promos and discounts with various plans that save you money.

 ## WHAT IS Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a remarkable martial art for individuals seeking to enhance their physical fitness, self-defense capabilities, and mental resilience. Unlike many other martial arts that rely heavily on striking and brute force, BJJ emphasizes technique, leverage, and strategy, making it accessible and effective for practitioners of all sizes and strengths. Its ground-based grappling techniques focus on controlling an opponent, leading to positions of advantage and the application of submissions such as joint locks and chokes. This approach not only offers a pragmatic method for self-defense but also fosters a deep sense of camaraderie and personal growth among practitioners. Engaging in BJJ cultivates discipline, patience, and problem-solving skills, making it a transformative journey that extends far beyond the mats.

 ## Why Train at Teragi Academy? Welcome to Teragi Academy Fullerton, the premier martial arts academy in Orange County, where we provide world-class Jiu Jitsu instruction in a beautiful, safe, and welcoming environment.
 - Expert Instruction: Benefit from the guidance of multiple black belt instructors, many holding IBJJF World Championship titles. Our instructors excel in teaching both gi and no-gi disciplines.
 - Technique and Safety: We prioritize technique and safety over sheer strength, fostering faster Jiu Jitsu progression and ensuring longevity on the mat. Jiu Jitsu is made accessible to people of all ages and beginners.
 - Community Focus: Teragi Academy is a personal service-oriented academy with a genuinely welcoming family atmosphere. Here, you're not just a number; you're an integral part of our community. We take the time to get to know you and guide you through your fitness and martial arts journey.
 - Top-notch Facilities: Train on our 1.5" Fuji mat layered over a 2" foam core/plywood subfloor, ensuring unparalleled shock absorption and safety. For parents and observers, we feature a comfortable lounge area with sofas and armchairs, soft leather benches alongside the mat space, and hi-speed internet connectivity. We keep temperature comfortable through all seasons with 3 brand new HVAC units and maintain 2 clean and well-stocked restrooms.
 - Flexible Class Schedule: Enjoy the most consistent and diverse array of Class Times for adults and kids, including a dedicated Women Only Program with classes up to four times a week.
 - Tailored Kids Classes: Experience thoughtfully designated Kids Classes catering to different age groups and skill levels.
 - Premium Interior and Location: Our space boasts beautiful and functional interior design, crafted by UCLA graduate interior designer, AMK. We are located in a safe and beautiful part of Fullerton next to St Jude Medical Center: 1901 Sunny Crest Drive.
 - Transparent Pricing: No hidden costs. There are no extra fees for testing, belts, or even tournament coaching support. Your financial investment is a one-time enrollment fee, uniforms and monthly dues with no long-term contracts. The only commitment we require from members is a 30-day written notice to term a membership. We offer family discounts and military/police/first responder discounts.
 Choose Teragi Academy for an unparalleled martial arts experience that prioritizes expertise, safety, and community. Join us on your journey to personal growth and mastery on the mat.
 Book your first complimentary class and experience the difference firsthand.

 ## FITNESS

 ## Kids

 ## Grapplers Club

 ## Women Only

 ## Competition

 ## Teragi Jiu Jitsu Lineage Teragi Academy is an independent Jiu Jitsu school. Our instructors have authentic lineages and expertise in the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. In addition to training at the best schools, many of our instructors have achieved success at the highest levels of Jiu Jitsu competition, proving they are fully capable of teaching Teragi students the best techniques, strategies and discipline to become champions or simply the best versions of themselves.
 Professor John Ramos - Head of Teragi Jiu Jitsu, Gracie Humaita black belt. 3 Times IBJJF World Champion.
 Professor Mariana Gil - Gracie Humaita black belt. IBJJF World Champion.
 Professor Matthew Lee - Gracie University black belt.
 Professor George Macamay - Gracie Barra black belt.
 Our kids coaching staff have trained under Gracie Humaita, Gracie Barra, and 10th Planet and boast dozens of gold medal wins at IBBJF Pan Kids, Jiu Jitsu World League, GB Compnet, NAGA, NABJJF and Dream.
 Explore Classes

 ## What kind of members train at Teragi? Members from all walks of life train at Teragi, from recreational practitioners to ambitious competitors, kids to parents, and free-spirited creatives to working professionals. While everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and values, we expect all members to respect differences, respect anyone who trains Jiu Jitsu, and make Jiu Jitsu and self-improvement the focus and conversation on the mats. We pride ourselves on being a highly inclusive and welcoming academy.

 ## Do I need to be in shape to train Jiu Jitsu? No, you don’t need to be in great physical shape, you can start at any fitness level. Regular Jiu Jitsu training will naturally get you in shape and many practitioners have transformed their body and conditioning within their first 6 to 9 months of training. Moreover, our beginner-oriented classes focus on flexibility, conditioning, and mobility, designed to improve your overall fitness for the Jiu Jitsu journey and beyond.

 ## What can I expect at my first class? Your first class at the academy will focus on a basic introduction to Jiu Jitsu and our academy etiquette. In this class, you will be learning how to execute proper warmups, Jiu Jitsu movements, and fundamental techniques in the drilling format. You will not participate in “sparring,” which will come later in your training. If you already have Jiu Jitsu experience, you are welcome to join a more advanced class and participate in full training on your first visit.

 ## What should I bring to my class? If you are new to Jiu Jitsu, you only need to bring a training shirt, a pair of slippers, a hand towel, and a positive attitude. We will provide you with a loaner gi (uniform). If you already own a gi in any of the standard IBJJF colors (white, royal blue, and black), you are welcome to bring it with you.

 ## Will I get hit in Jiu Jitsu? No. There are absolutely no striking, kicking, or punching in Jiu Jitsu. And we strive to never hurt one another in training. Our philosophy is to progress and grow as a team, which means we take care of each other on the mat. The beauty of Jiu Jitsu is that you can train near 100% without sustaining physical damage or injury. We do not tolerate members who do not observe our code of conduct in the academy.

 ## Is Teragi Jiu Jitsu a good place for women? Yes! Jiu Jitsu is already considered the best martial art for women because of its foundational premise to enable a smaller person to control and submit a larger and stronger person. On top of that, Teragi Academy was founded with the commitment to providing the safest and best training environment for female members. We encourage our female members to train with both men and women, but also offer women’s only classes for added level of safety and comfort while members are building their fundamental skills set.

 ## How long does it take to get good at Jiu Jitsu or obtain a black belt? With regular training, you will make progress. At times, progress will seem elusive because Jiu Jitsu is demanding, but with regular training, you will experience substantial growth and improvement in your first 6 months. Your belt promotions will depend on how much time you spend on the mat and how smart you train. It is also important to note that a Jiu Jitsu practitioner, at the blue belt level (just after white) can be highly effective and “dangerous” compared to an untrained person. Many say that a Jiu Jitsu purple belt (the level after blue), is equivalent to a black belt in other martial arts. Most Jiu Jitsu black belts obtain the coveted rank in 7 to 12 years. But at the end of the day, as with anything meaningful, it is about enjoying the journey.

 ## See What Our Happy Customers Have To Say About Us:

 ## Super Welcoming "Teragi Academy is the nicest Jiu Jitsu facility I have ever been to! The staff is super welcoming and knowledgeable. I would recommend them to anyone in the Fullerton area."
 - Lawrence C.

 ## Wonderful "Teragi Academy offers a beautiful space to exercise, recharge, and connect with others. The women only Jiu Jitsu classes are taught by wonderful instructors eager to train the participants and to build a love for the art. The yoga classes are a wonderful treat on your off day to stretch and mentally relax. The studio is clean, modern, and beautifully decorated and designed."
 - Rachel L.

 ## Knowledgeable "Great people running a great academy! Very welcoming and knowledgeable, and it's clear that they are passionate about jiujitsu and helping people learn. The space is open, inviting, and clean. Looking forward to more visits in the future!"
 - Eric T.

 ## Why Choose Us At Teragi Academy, we understand that every student is unique. We believe that Jiu Jitsu can be practiced by anyone at any age. We take the time to assess and listen to each student and provide personalized instruction and training strategies to help them reach their fitness and martial art goals. We emphasize safety, recovery and longevity over intensity. We invite you to come and experience the Teragi Academy difference.
 Contact Us Today
