---
source_url: https://teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees/kids
final_url: https://www.teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees/kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:54.836Z
---

# Kids

 ## Teragi Kids Jiu Jitsu Program Jiu Jitsu is integral to shaping a robust foundation in children's development at Teragi, where classes seamlessly blend learning and play. Through regular practice, students not only acquire physical skills but also develop essential character traits like responsibility, respect, citizenship, manners, and empathy. Our dedicated kids' program prioritizes anti-bullying initiatives. Emphasizing Jiu Jitsu as a real-life superpower, our young participants commit to using their skills for self-defense and protection when necessary, learning valuable techniques such as situational awareness, conflict avoidance, and de-escalation. Instilling an aura of confidence and strength, Jiu Jitsu training acts as a powerful deterrent against bullying, recognizing that bullies often target perceived weakness stemming from their own struggles with abuse and neglect.
 Watch Real Jiu Jitsu VS Bully Video

 ## VARIETY OF KIDS Class Types to Optimize Your Child's Jiu Jitsu Progression - Little Champs (4-5 years old) - Young Warriors (6-8 years old) - Terra Kids (8 and up) - Kids Fundamental - Kids Intermediate - Terra Risers (Competition Prep Class)
 At Teragi, we reject the one-size-fits-all approach. Instead, we prioritize the individual growth of our young Jiujiteros. Our classes are specifically tailored to different age groups and experience levels, ensuring a focused and effective learning experience. Our goal is to equip children with the skills to execute Jiu Jitsu techniques confidently in real-life situations. Safety and engagement are paramount in our classes, as we believe that a well-trained and confident little Jiujitero emerges from an environment that is both secure and captivating.
 Class Schedule

 ## Competition

 ## FITNESS

 ## Self Defense

 ## Women Only

 ## See What Our Happy Customers Have To Say About Us:

 ## Super Welcoming "Teragi Academy is the nicest Jiu Jitsu facility I have ever been to! The staff is super welcoming and knowledgeable. I would recommend them to anyone in the Fullerton area."
 - Lawrence C.

 ## Wonderful "Teragi Academy offers a beautiful space to exercise, recharge, and connect with others. The women only Jiu Jitsu classes are taught by wonderful instructors eager to train the participants and to build a love for the art. The yoga classes are a wonderful treat on your off day to stretch and mentally relax. The studio is clean, modern, and beautifully decorated and designed."
 - Rachel L.

 ## Knowledgeable "Great people running a great academy! Very welcoming and knowledgeable, and it's clear that they are passionate about jiujitsu and helping people learn. The space is open, inviting, and clean. Looking forward to more visits in the future!"
 - Eric T.

 ## Why Choose Us At Teragi Academy, we understand that every student is unique. We believe that Jiu Jitsu can be practiced by anyone at any age. We take the time to assess and listen to each student and provide personalized instruction and training strategies to help them reach their fitness and martial art goals. We emphasize safety, recovery and longevity over intensity. We invite you to come and experience the Teragi Academy difference.
 Contact Us Today
