---
source_url: https://teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees/womens-program
final_url: https://www.teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees/womens-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:54.934Z
---

# Women's Program

 ## Orange County's Only Full-time Dedicated Women's Program Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the ideal martial art for women because of its founding principle of technique and skill over strength and size. Yet, it can be intimidating and frustrating for beginner women practitioners when training with men who are naturally bigger and stronger. Because we believe more women in our community should benefit from training Jiu Jitsu, we offer a full-time (up to 4 classes per week) women only classes, led by female instructors of the highest caliber, boasting impressive career resumes, including IBJJF World Champion title.
 Class Schedule

 ## The Most Supportive Community of Women The beauty of women's Jiu Jitsu program is the level of support and empathy every member has for one another. Whether you're looking for a fitness activity to help you get in shape or to learn self-defense skills, Teragi Academy and its members will guide and support you through your journey from the first time you step on to the mat. Maybe it is not always expected, but you will also find there is a meditative quality to training Jiu Jitsu that improves mental health. Best of all, forging bonds and new friendships with a team of supportive women create a deep sense of belonging!
 Complimentary Trial

 -

 ## Self Defense

 ## Teragi Jiu Jitsu Commitment to Women's Program Our commitment to the women's program centers around two main goals:
 1. While women’s involvement in Jiu Jitsu is increasing, we still constitute a minority, making it challenging to find suitable training partners. The tight-knit groups of women within each academy, though small, offer valuable contributions to the broader Jiu Jitsu community. Our aim is to unite these groups through our regular workshops and open mats, fostering a culture of knowledge sharing over competition, transcending team boundaries and affiliations.
 2. Many women starting their Jiu Jitsu journey often face the challenge of training with stronger, less skilled male beginners, hindering their learning and enjoyment and posing injury risks. To address this problem and create a safe haven for women athletes starting out, Teragi Jiu Jitsu has established a dedicated women only program where women can consistently train with their peers up to 4 times a week. This allows them to develop skills, confidence, and the choice to eventually train with larger, stronger male partners.
 If you’re contemplating embarking on a journey of self-discovery, strength, and knowledge, now is the time and the place is Teragi Academy. Join us!

 ## Super Welcoming "Teragi Academy is the nicest Jiu Jitsu facility I have ever been to! The staff is super welcoming and knowledgeable. I would recommend them to anyone in the Fullerton area."
 - Lawrence C.

 ## Wonderful "Teragi Academy offers a beautiful space to exercise, recharge, and connect with others. The women only Jiu Jitsu classes are taught by wonderful instructors eager to train the participants and to build a love for the art. The yoga classes are a wonderful treat on your off day to stretch and mentally relax. The studio is clean, modern, and beautifully decorated and designed."
 - Rachel L.

 ## Knowledgeable "Great people running a great academy! Very welcoming and knowledgeable, and it's clear that they are passionate about jiujitsu and helping people learn. The space is open, inviting, and clean. Looking forward to more visits in the future!"
 - Eric T.

 ## Why Choose Us At Teragi Academy, we understand that every student is unique. We believe that Jiu Jitsu can be practiced by anyone at any age. We take the time to assess and listen to each student and provide personalized instruction and training strategies to help them reach their fitness and martial art goals. We emphasize safety, recovery and longevity over intensity. We invite you to come and experience the Teragi Academy difference.
 Contact Us Today
