---
source_url: https://teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees/grapplers-club-no-gi
final_url: https://www.teragi.academy/jiu-jitsu-programs-fees/grapplers-club-no-gi
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:55.030Z
---

# Grapplers Club (NO GI) ## No Gi Submission Grappling

 The Vision
 Create Evolved Jiu Jitsu Athletes: We proudly introduce and teach no-gi Jiu Jitsu as a natural evolution of the traditional gi practice. No-gi training strips away the grips of the gi, creating a faster-paced, more dynamic style that emphasizes movement and timing. Our program helps students develop the adaptability and athleticism needed in the modern era of grappling. With major platforms like the UFC and ADCC leading the way, no-gi Jiu Jitsu is quickly becoming the future of the sport—and we're excited to be part of that movement.
 Empower Jiujiteros: Provide specialized takedown and positional dominance training for Jiujiteros eager to enhance their submission grappling. Our focus is to broaden their strategic approach beyond guard-centric tactics, equipping them with a versatile game.
 The Execution
 Top Notch Instructors: Our excellent team of instructors currently include:
 1. Professor John Ramos, head of Teragi Jiu Jitsu program, who has successfully competed in top level tournaments and won numerous titles, including IBJJF champion 3 times.
 2. Liam Kim, an exciting up and comer in the competitive Jiu Jitsu scene, secured NAGA juvenile champion's belt in the no-gi expert division, IBJJF Open gold in no-gi blue belt division, JJWL gold in no-gi adult intermediate division, and JJWL gold in gi adult blue belt division. Coach Liam was a successful high school wrestler, securing the league champion title and was a CIF Masters qualifier in 2024.
 Top Notch Training Partners & Teammates: High caliber athletes need other high caliber athletes in order to push their limits and challenge them to grow. We are a small but growing team that already includes 3 CIF Masters wrestlers, 3 Freeway League champions and MVPs, 3 JJWL kids and juvenile champions, and 1 IBBFJ Pans Kids champion. And for adults, we are host to numerous IBJJF Masters champions and athletes who continue to challenge the notion of what is possible as a mature athlete.

 ## Affordable Option for Young Athletes - $105 every 4 weeks Grapplers Club Membership: For students looking for an exceptionally economical solution for training submission grappling in no-gi, we offer the Grappling Club membership, allowing access to our evening no-gi classes.

 ## Competition

 ## Fitness

 ## Women Only

 ## Self Defense

 ## See What Our Happy Customers Have To Say About Us:

 ## Super Welcoming "Teragi Academy is the nicest Jiu Jitsu facility I have ever been to! The staff is super welcoming and knowledgeable. I would recommend them to anyone in the Fullerton area."
 - Lawrence C.

 ## Wonderful "Teragi Academy offers a beautiful space to exercise, recharge, and connect with others. The women only Jiu Jitsu classes are taught by wonderful instructors eager to train the participants and to build a love for the art. The yoga classes are a wonderful treat on your off day to stretch and mentally relax. The studio is clean, modern, and beautifully decorated and designed."
 - Rachel L.

 ## Knowledgeable "Great people running a great academy! Very welcoming and knowledgeable, and it's clear that they are passionate about jiujitsu and helping people learn. The space is open, inviting, and clean. Looking forward to more visits in the future!"
 - Eric T.

 ## Why Choose Us At Teragi Academy, we understand that every student is unique. We believe that Jiu Jitsu can be practiced by anyone at any age. We take the time to assess and listen to each student and provide personalized instruction and training strategies to help them reach their fitness and martial art goals. We emphasize safety, recovery and longevity over intensity. We invite you to come and experience the Teragi Academy difference.
 Contact Us Today
