---
source_url: https://teragi.academy
final_url: https://www.teragi.academy/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:55.132Z
---

# FOUNDATION. GROWTH. SUCCESS. ## Teragi Academy Fullerton provides high quality Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training ideal for everyone, nestled in a secure and inviting environment. Our programs empower men, women, and children to cultivate strong physical capabilities and mental resilience, helping them build a strong foundation for growth and success. We are proud to host Orange County's most dedicated women's Jiu Jitsu program, with exclusive classes for women available four times a week. Additionally, our innovative after-school program for young learners seamlessly integrates martial arts with academic tutoring, fostering an environment where strong character, physical health, and scholastic achievement flourish together.

 Complimentary Trial

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 ## Grapplers Club

 ## Women's Program

 ## Afterschool & Camps

 ## About Our Facility At Teragi Academy Fullerton, we believe an art as beautiful as Jiu Jitsu deserves a beautiful, clean, and accessible space to practice it. We believe a Jiu Jitsu academy should elevate the senses through design and flow. It should calm a practitioner's state of mind while providing a welcoming space to train and create bonds with others. Beyond what is visible in the beautiful design execution is our attention and investment to comfort and safety:
 3 brand new HVAC units
 1.5" Fuji mats over 2 layer plywood and 2" foam block sub flooring
 Security camera system
 2 clean and well-stocked restrooms (1 ADA compliant)
 Well furnished lounge and observation areas
 Modern and functional learning center

 ## See What Our Happy Customers Have To Say About Us:

 ## Confidence Boosting "Since starting Jiu Jitsu at Teragi, my kids have had increased strength and coordination which can translate to other sports and activities. In just a short 4 months of being enrolled their confidence have sky rocketed from learning life lessons and Jiu jitsu from their world class black belt instruction. They've mentally overcome initial challenges that come with the sport and have become comfortable with being "uncomfortable"."
 - Joe E.

 ## Beautiful "Teragi Academy offers a beautiful space to exercise, recharge, and connect with others. The women only Jiu Jitsu classes are taught by wonderful instructors eager to train the participants and to build a love for the art. The yoga classes are a wonderful treat on your off day to stretch and mentally relax. The studio is clean, modern, and beautifully decorated and designed."
 - Rachel L.

 ## A Hidden Gem "It is unlike typical BJJ gyms. The coaches are top notch and have the medals to prove it. This academy is warm and inviting. There is a learning center in the gym filled with books and desks. What other gym has that?! It's also kept very clean which is a must. The academy is located in the beautiful Golden Hills neighborhood. There are no traffic concerns and parking is not an issue. A real hidden gem."
 - Mike S.
