---
source_url: http://www.bttwestford.com
final_url: https://bttwestford.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:06.815Z
---

# Brazilian TOP TEAM

 Unleash Your Potential with Brazilian Top Team Westford Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai Programs.

 Our Programs

 # ABOUT BTT WESTFORD

 Brazilian Top Team (BTT) is one of the most prestigious Jiu-Jitsu academies in Brazil, known for its strong presence in mixed martial arts competitions worldwide in the early 2000’s at Pride and the UFC.

 Read More

 ### IMPROVE Fitness and Health Our Jiu-Jitsu classes provide a full-body workout that will enhance your strength, endurance, and flexibility. It's a fantastic way to shed unwanted pounds, tone your muscles, and improve cardiovascular health.

 ### Positive and Supportive Community Joining BTT Westford means being part of a community of like-minded individuals who are passionate about Jiu-Jitsu. Our friendly and inclusive environment promotes camaraderie, where everyone supports each other's journey.

 ### Competitive Opportunities BTT Westford offers the chance to compete at local, regional, and even international levels if you desire. Our instructors will mentor and guide you towards success in competition, should you choose to take that path. Push your limits and test your skills against others as you represent our prestigious academy.

 # our programs

 ### Brazilian Top Team Westford Brazilian

 ### BTT Westford BJJ Adults

 ### BTT Westford BJJ Kids

 ### BTT Westford Muay Thai

 ### BTT Muay Thai Adults

 ### BTT Westford Kids Muay Thai

 # COACHES

 ##### Our team has coaches with experience and knowledge.

 ### BTT Westford BJJ Head Coach PROF. JOSÉ HERMOZA

 ### BTT Boston/New England Head Coach PROF. DANIEL GAZZONI

 ### Muay Thai Head Coach WILLIAM ROTH

 # WHAT CLIENTS SAY

 My experience on the first day at BTT Westford was incredibly enjoyable. Coach Jose greeted me warmly and provided great support, while my training partner was patient and helpful. I'm excited further developing my skills here.
 Faiz Rahman-Sabean Visitor

 Professor Jose Hermoza, a 2nd-degree black belt and the head coach of Brazilian Top Team Westford, is an exceptional instructor. Having trained under his guidance for 2 years, I can confidently say he's the best coach I've ever encountered. His expertise in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is unparalleled, and his dedication to teaching is truly inspiring. I've had the privilege of taking private lessons with him, and his instruction is nothing short of immaculate. His attention to detail, patience, and passion for the art make every session a transformative experience. Thank you, Professor Hermoza, for shaping me into a better martial artist!
 Kareem Hamada Visitor

 BTT has high level world champion Jiu Jitsu black belt instructors. The attention to detail is second to none and taught in a friendly, informative and ego free nature. Glad to see that BTT is stretching its wings to other parts of Boston. Professor Jose is an exceptional coach.
 Alan Millar Visitor

 Previous
 Next
