---
source_url: http://www.ocasiostma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://ocasiostma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:44.965Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts Classes

 ## Beginner Kids Martial Arts Classes Enrolling In April ## ## YOUR KIDS WILL GET A KICK OUT OF KARATE! The kids Karate classes at Ocasio's True Martial Arts are the ideal introduction to the exciting world of Karate and self defense for kids!
 Our amazing team of advanced-degree Black Belt professionals have been teaching kids Karate classes for years in a fun and safe setting kids love. As we teach your child all the exciting Karate moves that kids love, we'll be building your child's character, too, with centuries-old Karate values of honesty, integrity and respect.
 What's more, your child will learn critical self-defense skills that no child in today's world should ever be without. From learning how to deal with bullies and handle peer pressure, to understanding what to do if ever faced with an uncomfortable situation or approached by a stranger, we'll give your child all the self-defense skills and the courage to use them whenever necessary.
 Ocasio's True Martial Arts Little Dragons Kids Martial Arts program is a great beginner's karate class for kids. This fast-paced program keeps your child engaged and offers dozens of benefits for your little one.
 ## BRING OUT THE CHAMPION IN YOUR CHILD WITH KARATE CLASSES AT OCASIO'S Whether your child is only three years old already in middle school, Ocasio's True Martial Arts Kids Martial Arts classes will give your child the life skills of a true champion! What parent doesn't want that for their child?
 That's why we're making it easier than ever to get started! When you complete the brief, no-obligation form right here on this page, we'll give your child 3 private Karate lessons for just $19! And, if you decide you want your child to continue with kids Karate classes at Ocasio's True Martial Arts, you'll qualify for steep new-member discounts.
 But don't delay! this exceptional offer is available only until the end of this month. So go ahead and complete the contact form on this page right now, and we'll send you everything you need to take advantage of this exceptional offer!

 ### Benefits of Kids Martial Arts - A great way to get your child excited about physical fitness - Helps your child's listening skills - Improves your child's attention span and ability to concentrate - Develops your child's self-respect and teaches respect for others - Teaches stranger awareness and personal safety - Prepares your child for our Juniors Black Belt Achievment Program - An incredible workout that will improve your child's body and mind - The skills to identify, set and achieve goals - Positive reinforcement and the rewarding feeling that comes with each new belt level - Important leadership skills that will stay with your child throughout life - A huge boost to your child's self-confidence - Self-defense skills that will help your child get out of tough situations - Character-building exercises

 ### Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Are Located In - Plaistow - Haverhill

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Request information

 My youngest son started about 8 weeks ago and we have noticed a huge change in his ability to assume responsibility. Our oldest son just started this week. He has been looking for "something" baseball, basketball, and soccer just weren't a good fit. He has come home from 4 classes this week saying he feels great and that it is FUN! Both of my boys love that it is an individual and team effort all at the same time. Joshu Scatamacchia is such a positive role model for the students. He is enthusiastic and he is the perfect mixture of firm, fair and fun. Thank you Ocasios!

 Yesterday my grandaugther celebrate her 9 birthday, everything is amazing, shes very happy and she have a good time its perfect for birthday party everybody enjoy the party thanks for everything

 We are having the best experience. The kids are growing in strength and confidence and the instructors are patient, talented and inspiring. We say, "ASAH!"

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
