---
source_url: http://www.ocasiostma.com/classes/Adult-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://ocasiostma.com/classes/Adult-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:45.305Z
---

# Adult Martial Arts Classes

 ## Beginner Adult Martial Arts Classes Enrolling In April ## Adult Martial Arts THE FAST AND FUN WAY TO GET FIT AND FIRM. Are you looking for the perfect workout that will help you look and feel great without boring you? Sure you can get a great workout at your local gym, but you'll lose interest quickly as you do the same exercises over and over again. But when you enroll in Mixed Martial Arts at Ocasio's True Martial Arts you won't be able to wait until your next class because you'll be having so much fun kicking, punching and chopping your way to a gorgeous, head-turning body!
 Come see for yourself. We guarantee you'll become instantly addicted to the Adult Martial Arts classes at Ocasio's True Martial Arts! And that's no surprise to us. After all, our Adult Martial Arts workout will give you the chiseled body you've always wanted, but never dreamed you could achieve!
 By combining classic moves and exercise from a variety of classic martial arts styles with a rigorous fitness and conditioning program, our Adult Martial Arts classes will ignite your fat-burning furnace, allowing you to effortlessly burn off unwanted weight as you strengthen every muscle in your body!
 ## QUITE POSSIBLY THE BEST WORKOUT OF YOUR LIFE! When you take Adult Martial Arts classes at Ocasio's True Martial Arts, you'll get an amazing workout for your body and your mind.
 ## GREAT INSTRUCTORS FOR INCREDIBLE RESULTS Each of the Black belt instructors at Ocasio's True Martial Arts has years of experience in teaching the martial arts. No matter what your age, we'll give you an incredible workout that will make you stronger healthier and full of energy, all while giving you valuable self-defense skills that could save your life!
 ## EXPERIENCE Adult Martial Arts AND DISCOVER A BRAND-NEW YOU! With everything that the Adult Martial Arts classes at Ocasio's True Martial Arts have to offer, from an amazing, entertaining workout that'll never get old, to a rock-solid body you won't want to wait to show off, there's no reason to wait!
 And now, we're making it easier than ever to see if the Adult Martial Arts are for you! That's because we'll give you 3 private lessons for just $19! But it gets even better...When you register for our Adult Martial Arts classes before the end of the month, you'll qualify for our limited-time new member discounts when you decide to continue.
 So don't wait! Get started today by completing the brief, no-obligation form on this page. We'll lock-in your discounted new-member rates and we'll send you everything you need to enjoy 3 private Adult Martial Arts classes for just $19 at Ocasio's True Martial Arts!

 ### Benefits of Adult Martial Arts - The flexibility of an Olympic-Gold gymnast - Gorgeous, toned muscles from head-to-toe - Unbelievable self-confidence and self-esteem - A drastic reduction in day-to-day stress levels - Razor-sharp focus and unbreakable concentration - Iron-clad self-defense skills that will keep you safe in any situation

 ### Our Adult Martial Arts Classes Are Located In - Plaistow - Haverhill

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Request information

 My youngest son started about 8 weeks ago and we have noticed a huge change in his ability to assume responsibility. Our oldest son just started this week. He has been looking for "something" baseball, basketball, and soccer just weren't a good fit. He has come home from 4 classes this week saying he feels great and that it is FUN! Both of my boys love that it is an individual and team effort all at the same time. Joshu Scatamacchia is such a positive role model for the students. He is enthusiastic and he is the perfect mixture of firm, fair and fun. Thank you Ocasios!

 Yesterday my grandaugther celebrate her 9 birthday, everything is amazing, shes very happy and she have a good time its perfect for birthday party everybody enjoy the party thanks for everything

 We are having the best experience. The kids are growing in strength and confidence and the instructors are patient, talented and inspiring. We say, "ASAH!"

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
