---
source_url: http://www.ocasiostma.com
final_url: https://ocasiostma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:45.625Z
---

Providing Self-Defense & Martial Arts Instruction to the Communities of Haverhill and Plaistow for 40 Years

 # Learn Real World Self Defense at Ocasios True Martial Arts Get Started with Our Community Classes! Request more information

 MARTIAL ARTS TEACHES DISCIPLINE AND SELF CONFIDENCE! ## Community Martial Arts at Ocasio's True Martial Arts Learn from the best Martial Arts instructors in Haverhill and Plaistow who are dedicated to providing a stable, family environment where you can excel in your personal goals and find a varied and supportive community. Whether your plan is to compete, lose weight, meet new like-minded people or increase your day-to-day life, we will help you get there faster than you ever thought possible while having fun doing it! The benefits of Marital Arts classes are endless. From confidence and self-esteem to discipline and empowerment, whether you're enjoying or Kids Martial Arts classes or our Adult programs, you'll start seeing improvement in mind, body and spirit in only a few short classes.

 - - -

 Our Locations ## Plaistow ##### View Our Other Locations Plaistow / Haverhill

 View all locations

 My youngest son started about 8 weeks ago and we have noticed a huge change in his ability to assume responsibility. Our oldest son just started this week. He has been looking for "something" baseball, basketball, and soccer just weren't a good fit. He has come home from 4 classes this week saying he feels great and that it is FUN! Both of my boys love that it is an individual and team effort all at the same time. Joshu Scatamacchia is such a positive role model for the students. He is enthusiastic and he is the perfect mixture of firm, fair and fun. Thank you Ocasios!
 #### Shauna M.

 Yesterday my grandaugther celebrate her 9 birthday, everything is amazing, shes very happy and she have a good time its perfect for birthday party everybody enjoy the party thanks for everything
 #### LaboriAcevedo A.

 We are having the best experience. The kids are growing in strength and confidence and the instructors are patient, talented and inspiring. We say, "ASAH!"
 #### Brenda P.

 I have been taking karate here at ocasio's true martial arts now for 7 years and it has changed my life and made me more confident doing things. The instructors here are also awesome and fun
 #### Cody H.

 My daughter has been taking classes here for almost 4 years now, and she loves it. Karate has really changed her life. The instructors are fantastic, always enthusiastic, and now she is working among them as a fellow team member at Ocasio's. She loves her classes, teaching and taking, and has made the statement that taking karate here was the best decision she has ever made.
 #### Walter N.

 Get Started Today! ## Request More Information

 My youngest son started about 8 weeks ago and we have noticed a huge change in his ability to assume responsibility. Our oldest son just started this week. He has been looking for "something" baseball, basketball, and soccer just weren't a good fit. He has come home from 4 classes this week saying he feels great and that it is FUN! Both of my boys love that it is an individual and team effort all at the same time. Joshu Scatamacchia is such a positive role model for the students. He is enthusiastic and he is the perfect mixture of firm, fair and fun. Thank you Ocasios!

 Yesterday my grandaugther celebrate her 9 birthday, everything is amazing, shes very happy and she have a good time its perfect for birthday party everybody enjoy the party thanks for everything

 We are having the best experience. The kids are growing in strength and confidence and the instructors are patient, talented and inspiring. We say, "ASAH!"

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
