---
source_url: http://www.ethossouthbay.com
final_url: https://www.ethossouthbay.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:14.918Z
---

# WELCOME TO
 # ETHOS JIU-JITSU
 # SOUTH BAY

 # TRUST THE PROCESS

 free class sign up
 free class sign up

 ### SPECIALIZED JIU-JITSU SELF-DEFENSE PROGRAMS FOR ALL AGES We at Ethos Jiu Jitsu South Bay pride ourselves in being your home for Jiu Jitsu, Self-Defense, and anti-bullying. We believe Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone! We offer specialized programs for the entire family: Ethos Kids Classes (ages 5-16), as well as Adult Classes for Beginners and Advanced practitioners. We are proud to serve and teach the best Jiu Jitsu in Torrance, Lomita, Harbor City, Palos Verdes, San Pedro, Carson, Wilmington, Redondo Beach, Hermosa Beach, San Pedro, Gardena, Lawndale, and all of the South Bay area!

 See Class Schedule
 See Class Schedule

 ## KIDS JIU-JITSU Our Mission: Building character through Jiu-Jitsu. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu produces confident, hardworking, humble, disciplined individuals. It helps improve and reinforce self-confidence while building practical self-defense skills at the same time.

 ## ADULT JIU-JITSU Our Ethos Adult Classes are centered on mastering yourself through the development of fundamental skills and providing all comers with an exceptional learning environment. We have an extensive class schedule offering fundamentals classes geared towards beginners, as well as all levels classes throughout the week.

 ## FREE TRIAL At Ethos we offer a Free Trial Class to all new students! Click the link at the top of the page to schedule yours today.

 Free class sign up
 Free class sign up

 # Contact Ethos Jiu Jitsu is a great way to get in shape and live a healthy lifestyle. If you want to get a good workout while learning how to defend yourself, Ethos Jiu Jitsu South Bay is the place for you!
 Feel free to Call Us with any questions you may have.

 ## LOCATION ## 1861 LOMITA BLVD UNIT DLOMITA CA 90717 ## PHONE424-500-3630
