---
source_url: http://www.castromartialartscenter.com/
final_url: https://castromartialartscenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:50.077Z
---

# Athens Martial Arts & Fitness Reach Your Full Potential With Castro Martial Arts Center We at Castro Martial Arts Center are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 # Athens Martial Arts & Fitness Reach Your Full Potential With Castro Martial Arts Center We at Castro Martial Arts Center are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program TaeKwonDo (Ages 5 – 8) TaeKwonDo (Ages 9 – 12) Adult TaeKwonDo TaeKwonDo Movement & Mobility Mixed TaeKwonDo (All Ages) P3 Kali Muay Thai Krav Maga Summer Camp -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Castro Martial Arts Center to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## Welcome To We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Castro Martial Arts Center, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 GET STARTED TODAY
 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 TaeKwonDo (Ages 5 – 8)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 TaeKwonDo (Ages 9 – 12)
 See What Martial Arts Can Do to Help Your Pre-Teen Grow into a Healthy & Happy Adult!
 View Program

 Adult TaeKwonDo
 Adult TaeKwonDo classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 TaeKwonDo Movement & Mobility
 Imagine what your life would be like if all that stress and tension suddenly vanished from existence.
 View Program

 Mixed TaeKwonDo (All Ages)
 Mixed TaeKwonDo classes offer students of all ages and skill levels a way to spend train together, learn from each other, and get their exercise, too.
 View Program

 P3 Kali
 A modern, tactical approach to the well-known indigenous fighting art of Kali.
 View Program

 Muay Thai
 Get in the best shape of your life with our Muay Thai classes. Fitness goes to a new level with full-body workouts while learning how to fight.
 View Program

 Krav Maga
 Prepare to defend yourself in any situation – go beyond traditional martial arts and learn to fight!
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Our martial arts summer camp provides fun and learning for kids of all ages.
 View Program

 Build Character & Leadership Qualities
 ## Discipline & Confidence Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the mat and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW KIDS TAEKWONDO (AGES 5-8) PROGRAM

 Kelli B. Master Castro has been such a gift to our family! Our oldest son was a squirmy worm who couldn't pay attention to anything except Legos. He was kicked out of a daycare, and to boot, he couldn't hear due to an ear problem. Master Castro took him under his wing and transformed him into a chill guy who can handle his emotions well. Master Castro also was/is a role model for our youngest. As a teacher, I've had more than one student mention that Master Castro is the reason they didn't drop out of school. We are THRILLED that he is offering his services to a larger audience.

 Doc F. I am a past student of Jose Castro when he was at Athens YMCA. I returned to the Athens area and joined CMAC in June 2022. In one month’s time my health, spirit and confidence has been fully restored due to the unique training not to be found at any fitness center. CMAC is well known for offering children a path to deal with life in a challenging world. My message is there is much to offer for adults - CMAC currently has students as old as in their 70’s. (I am 63 by the way.)

 Georgeann Ausburn The staff has always gone above and beyond to make our experience there too notch! We look forward to many years of training to come.

 Ryleigh Hamilton ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

 Ramsey Nix Master Castro instills confidence, discipline and respect in his students. We've been so pleased with our son's experience at his center.

 Get Fit While Learning Martial Arts
 ## Improve Flexibility, Balance, and Strength Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started- Enroll in an Adult TaeKwonDo class today!
 VIEW ADULT TAEKWONDO PROGRAM

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Castro Martial Arts Center
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## RECENT BLOG POSTS
 The More The Merrier Referral Program
 When you are part of the CMAC Family, you want to share your good fortune with others. There are so many aspects of CMAC that could benefit your friends and family, from fitness to fellowship. At CMAC, when you take the time to encourage others to join us (and they do!), we’d like to […]
 READ MORE »

 Once a Black Belt, Always a Black Belt!
 For those who are uninformed about Martial Arts, the black belt is the endgame; it is the elusive brass ring for which so many reach and few obtain. To be a black belt requires focus, discipline, commitment, and a host of other intense qualities. Once rank is attained, then a pinnacle is reached with nothing […]
 READ MORE »

 All that Glitters Is Not Necessarily Gold
 On Saturday, May 21, 2022, seven warriors from CMAC arrived in Smyrna at the North Metro Martial Arts to display their mettle and to represent their school; they did both extremely well, being respectful and professional in every way while giving their best. Although several brought home gold medals for their efforts in sparring and […]
 READ MORE »

 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL!
 MORE INFO
