---
source_url: https://www.chaosjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.chaosjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:30.544Z
---

Schedule Your Appointment
 (757) 990-3199

 # Chaos Jiu Jitsu
 Family-Owned & Operated

 Contact Us
 Call Now

 ## Train With Us!

 ## Martial Arts Training

 ### Brazilian Jiujitsu for Kids
 Give your child the gift of confidence! Born from Japanese heritage and perfected in Brazil, BJJ is the ultimate "human chess" match. Our team brings a decade of experience to the mats, helping kids master the balance of discipline and technique. Let’s help your child grow—one roll at a time!

 Book

 ### Brazilian Jiujitsu - Adults Class
 Originally an adaptation of judo, this martial art of Japanese heritage developed in Brazil with a strong focus on grappling and ground fighting. We have over 10 years of experience to help you develop the right amount of skills and knowledge, start training with us! Sign up here today!

 Book

 ### Brazilian Jiujitsu - Women Class
 Rooted in tradition, refined for the mats. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a premier martial art centered on grappling and ground fighting. With decades of coaching excellence, we provide the expert guidance you need to master technical skills and build a foundation of martial arts knowledge. Join us on the mats and start your journey today.

 Book

 ## Welcome
 - Write your caption here Button

 ### Finest Jiu Jitsu School in Virginia Beach
 Are you looking for a place where you can learn how to defend yourself against an attacker? Maybe you're just looking for a new hobby in Virginia Beach? Chaos Jiu Jitsu is a jiu jitsu school that provides qualified instructors and a gym where you can learn the beauty of the martial arts, for both self-defense and ...
 Read more

 ### For All Levels
 We offer several classes that cater to different abilities so that all of our students can learn, improve and explore their capabilities. All our instructors are enthusiastic, passionate professionals who love teaching martial arts to others. This knowledge and experience allow us to teach a variety of styles and ...
 Read more

 - Write your caption here Button

 - Write your caption here Button

 ### We Have What You Need
 Martial art is a system for training that can be used in physical combat and the like. Martial arts does not only involve techniques for fighting – but it also involves mastering the arts of mental discipline and physical exercise. At our jiu jitsu school, we make sure that our students get the whole package. We ...
 Read more

 ## Starting April 2nd ### Home School Class ### Tuesdays & Thursdays, 1:00 PM - 2:30 PM For Ages 5-15 ### Anyone who Pre-Registers Before April 1st gets a FREE T-Shirt
 Email to Sign-Up!

 ## Gallery
 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 View more

 ## TESTIMONIALS
 ### Jim Hicks Excellent Jiu Jitsu and even better people!

 ### Molly Bean McKeel Love this gym! Coach Ted is great with the kids and really respects each and every one of his students. Does an amazing job at not only teaching Jiu Jitsu but building up the confidence of these kids. Can’t praise Chaos and Coach Ted enough.

 ### 757BJJKids Excellent instruction. Positive environment. A staff that truly cares.

 ### Jim Hicks Excellent Jiu Jitsu and even better people!

 ### Molly Bean McKeel Love this gym! Coach Ted is great with the kids and really respects each and every one of his students. Does an amazing job at not only teaching Jiu Jitsu but building up the confidence of these kids. Can’t praise Chaos and Coach Ted enough.

 ## Amenities
 Parking available

 Bike parking available

 Debit & Credit cards accepted

 Wifi on the premises

 Family-owned

 Good for children

 Free consultation

 Female-owned

 Wheelchair accessible

 Contact Info

 Location: 4704 Princess Anne Rd, Virginia Beach, Virginia, 23462

 Phone: (757) 990-3199
 Email: chaosjiujitsu@yahoo.com

 Opening Hours

 Mon: 4:30 PM - 8:30 PM
 Tue, Wed, Thu: 4:30 PM - 8:00 PM
 Fri: 4:30 PM - 7:30 PM
 Sat: 8:00 AM - 1:00 PM
 Sun: Closed

 Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Merchant Policies | Legal Notice

 © 2026
 Chaos JiuJitsu

 Share by:
