---
source_url: https://www.techniquebjj.com/product/bjj-trial-program/
final_url: https://www.techniquebjj.com/product/bjj-trial-program/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:26.477Z
---

Sale! # Technique Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu 4 Week Trial Program $ 125.00 Original price was: $125.00. $ 99.00 Current price is: $99.00.
 Technique Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu 4 Week Trial Program quantity
 Add to cart Category: Beginner Trial

 - Description - Reviews (0)
 ## Description Welcome to our trial program!
 This exclusive pass will give you unlimited access to our classes for 4 weeks!

 Class are Monday-Friday evenings, afternoon and early mornings – as well as Saturday and Sunday mornings. We invite you to attend as many of those classes as you can in these 4 weeks! This offer also include a free uniform/gi (a $125 value).

 Click here to view our full schedule!

 At Technique BJJ we believe in a full-scale approach to grappling. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, wrestling/catch wrestling are all built into our integrated grappling curriculum.

 We provide a safe environment for beginner youth and adults – Technique BJJ is a female friendly academy! We have separate changing rooms and a respectful, welcoming atmosphere for all.

 We support the continued training of Law Enforcement and Corrections Officers, as well as Fire and EMS. Join our growing student base of first responders and keep yourself safe – discounts available

 Contact coach Chris to schedule your first class – 203-931-5799 / crowan83@gmail.com

 Thank you for your interest!

 ## Reviews There are no reviews yet.

 Be the first to review “Technique Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu 4 Week Trial Program” Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
 Your rating * Rate… Perfect Good Average Not that bad Very poor
 Your review *
 Name *
 Email *
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
 Type in the text displayed above
 Δ
