---
source_url: https://www.techniquebjj.com/product/quarter-year-membership/
final_url: https://www.techniquebjj.com/product/quarter-year-membership/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:26.987Z
---

Sale! # Quarter Year Membership $ 450.00 Original price was: $450.00. $ 375.00 Current price is: $375.00.
 Get a discounted rate when you purchase a quarter year membership. Enjoy full access to all of our classes and programs for 3 months. If you are a new member just joining us this purchase will include our free gi offer.
 Please note: this purchase is non-refundable. The three months begin after your first class! Purchase and start anytime!
 We look forward to having you on the mats and appreciate your commitment to our academy.

 Quarter Year Membership quantity
 Add to cart Category: Uncategorized

 - Description - Reviews (0)
 ## Description Get a discounted rate when you purchase a quarter year membership. Enjoy full access to all of our classes and programs for 3 months. If you are a new member just joining us this purchase will include our free gi offer.
 Please note: this purchase is non-refundable. The three months begin after your first class! Purchase and start anytime!
 We look forward to having you on the mats and appreciate your commitment to our academy.

 The curriculum at Technique BJJ covers a large scope of grappling arts. All classes start with the takedowns and throws of Judo, followed by the ground work of our core art – Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. In BJJ you’ll learn positional control, submissions and, most importantly, escapes and defense. We offer traditional gi classes as well as no gi submission classes daily. We’re currently offering weekly wrestling classes with a qualified coach. Plus standalone Judo, Catch Wrestling and Kickboxing programs.
 We provide a safe environment for children and adults – Technique BJJ is a female friendly academy! We have separate changing rooms and a respectful, welcoming atmosphere for all.
 We are also a First Responder friendly facility. We support the continued training of Law Enforcement and Corrections Officers, as well as Fire and EMS. Ask about our First Responder discounts!
 Family and multi-member discounts available!
 Located at 31 Industrial RD in Prospect, CT – Our brand new 2,100 square foot facility has over 1,000 square feet of mat space.
 Thank you for your interest!

 ## Reviews There are no reviews yet.

 Be the first to review “Quarter Year Membership” Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
 Your rating * Rate… Perfect Good Average Not that bad Very poor
 Your review *
 Name *
 Email *
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
 Type in the text displayed above
 Δ

 ## Related products - Sale! Half Year Membership $900.00 Original price was: $900.00.$674.99Current price is: $674.99.
