---
source_url: https://www.techniquebjj.com
final_url: https://www.techniquebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:27.036Z
---

## Technique BJJ - Self Defense, Fun and Fitness! Try a Class!

 ## Technique Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids and adults of all ages! Try a Class!

 ## Join our competition team – Coaches and comp training to get you ready! Try a Class!

 ## Dedicated instructors to help you meet your goals! Private Classes!

 ## About Us

 ### How to Join Us Walk-ins welcome! Stop by to watch a class or jump in for free to get a feel for the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Purchase our trial pass and get 4 full weeks of unlimited classes and a free uniform (gi). We have classes Monday-Saturday and you’ll be invited to attend as many as you can in the 4 weeks. We look forward to seeing you on the mats!
 Sign up now for a private, one hour class with our head instructor. Good for you and another friend. If you’re an existing student this is a great way to supplement your training. If you’re new and looking to ease into Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu a one-on-one session is the perfect place to start!

 ### Our Philosophy Grappling is one of humanity’s oldest martial arts! At Technique BJJ, we are committed to the preservation, evolution and sharing of not just Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu but also Judo, Wrestling and other grappling arts.
 Learn to control an opponent with minimal force using leverage and body mechanics. Deescalate a dangerous scenario without striking or causing harm to yourself or others.
 Participation in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tournaments is available but not mandatory. Should you choose to partake in a grappling tournament you will be fully supported with competition preparation and a coach mat side to help you succeed in your goals!
 Whether you’re looking for fun, self-defense, weight loss and fitness, the instructors at Technique BJJ are qualified to help you reach your goals!

 ### Our Facility Located at 31 Industrial Road in Prospect, CT – Technique BJJ is a 2,100 Sq Ft facility with over 1,000 Sq Ft of mat space. Our simple, no nonsense facility features seating for spectators, changing rooms, bathrooms and a simple check in process for students!
 The perfect venue for learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to sharpen your mind, body and soul!

 ### Qualified Instructors Coach Christopher Rowan has been a dedicated Jiu-Jitsu practitioner since 2012. Competing since 2013, he has a multitude of wins across many local tournaments and high level grappling events.
 Chris has been instructing since 2015 and has deep experience teaching kids and adults alike.
 A black belt since 2019, he is dedicated to the preservation and propagation of all grappling arts. His core knowledge is based in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with a strong integration of Judo, wrestling and other grappling arts.

 ## Class Schedule

 Click here to view today’s schedule.

 ### Weekly Schedule

 #### Monday - 5:00 AM – No Gi BJJ - 6:00 AM – No Gi BJJ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 11:00 AM – Gi BJJ - 5:30 PM – Kids Gi BJJ - 6:30 PM – Gi BJJ

 #### Tuesday - 5:30 AM – Gi BJJ - 4:30 PM – Kids Gi BJJ - - 5:30 PM – No Gi BJJ - 6:30 PM – Gi BJJ

 #### Wednesday - 6:00 AM – No Gi BJJ - - 11:00 AM – BJJ Gi - 5:30 PM – Kids Gi BJJ - 6:30 PM – Gi BJJ

 #### Thursday - - - 5:30 AM – Gi BJJ - 4:30 PM – Kids Wrestling - 5:30 PM – BJJ No Gi - 6:30 PM – MMA

 #### Friday - 6:00 AM – Go Gi BJJ - 10:00 AM – Catch Wrestling - 11:00 AM – Open Mat - 5:30 PM – Kids Gi BJJ - 6:30 PM – Gi BJJ

 #### Sunday - 10:00 AM – No Gi BJJ 11:00 AM – Gi BJJ
 6:00 PM – Open Mat

 #### Saturday - 9:00 AM – Kids Gi BJJ 10:00 AM – BJJ Gi
 -

 ## Read & Sign Our Waiver

 Click Here
