---
source_url: http://baltimoreaikido.com/martial-arts-classes
final_url: https://www.baltimoreaikido.com/aikido
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:07.261Z
---

## About # Aikido ### A growth mindset and attitude of receptivity. Baltimore Aikido is headed by Charlie Page sensei, 7th dan, and Chuck Weber sensei, 7th dan. Baltimore Aikido is a member dojo of the Aikido Schools of Ueshiba (ASU), under the leadership of Mitsugi Saotome shihan, long-time student of the founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba (“O-Sensei”).
 ## Join Us

 ## About # Aikido ### A growth mindset and attitude of receptivity. Baltimore Aikido is headed by Charlie Page sensei, 7th dan, and Chuck Weber sensei, 7th dan. Baltimore Aikido is a member dojo of the Aikido Schools of Ueshiba (ASU), under the leadership of Mitsugi Saotome shihan, long-time student of the founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba (“O-Sensei”).
 ## Join Us

 Mitsugi Saotome taking ukemi for O-Sensei.

 ### Aikido is a modern form of the martial arts that includes many traditions in one. It was developed by Morihei Ueshiba (1883–1969), an exceptional Japanese martial artist whose background included the study of jujutsu, especially Daito-ryu aikijujutsu, sword fighting, and spear fighting. While these roots can be clearly recognized in modern-day aikido, Ueshiba (often called “O-Sensei,” the great teacher) continued to develop and innovate the art throughout his life, working particularly with ideas of directing energy and blending that emphasize the possibility of effective self-defense without the need for strength or force.
 O-Sensei’s religious beliefs also contributed in important ways to the art he developed. O-Sensei joined the religious group Omotokyo in 1919, and he borrowed heavily from its philosophy and world-view as spiritual underpinnings for his martial art. To emphasize this, he changed the name of the art from aikibudo (“the warrior's path of harmony”) to aikido (“the path of harmony”) in 1942.
 Mitsugi Saotome was a student of O-Sensei. He began his study of aikido with O-Sensei in 1955 and taught at the World Aikido Headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, from 1960 to 1975. In 1975, he decided to leave Tokyo and come to the United States to continue teaching here in the U.S. He is currently the head of Aikido Schools of Ueshiba (ASU), an association of over 70 dojo. Baltimore Aikido is a member of this organization and follows Saotome shihan’s teaching. His style blends a strong basis in martial awareness and effectiveness with an interest in using that basis to explore the softer and gentler sides of aikido.

 ## PHILOSOPHY
 ### Aikido shows how to deal with violence without escalating into greater violence. O-Sensei developed aikido with an explicitly philosophical intent. That does not mean, however, that aikidoka are required to accept or agree with his philosophy. In fact, as a group, aikidoka are probably as varied in philosophy, background, goals, and aspirations as any other group of people. Nevertheless, O-Sensei’s philosophy affected the decisions he made in developing the art. He was interested in developing an art that would bring people into greater harmony with themselves and their world. As such, he wanted to develop an art that would be an art of peace (aiki-do) rather than an art of war (aiki-budo). Aikido opens us up to the alternatives to conflict.
 Fundamental to the philosophy of aikido is a sense of the deep connection among all living things. This connection means that it is a mistake to view another as an “enemy” or to strive to defeat or conquer another human being. Thus, aikido techniques are designed to achieve control of a violent situation without harming or killing anyone. Ironically, many people find that this change in attitude makes them more effective, rather than limiting them, and many police around the world use training based in aikido in their efforts to simultaneously apprehend and protect suspects.
 While effectiveness in a fight is an important goal for some, others are not motivated by this. Many people who practice aikido find that learning how to bring gentleness and flow into a physical conflict also changes their attitudes in day-to-day struggles. That is, we learn to notice how we get in our own way by trying to impose a technique on our partner with force and strength. This can help us notice how we might similarly be tripping ourselves up by creating unnecessary struggles of will with the people in our lives. Of course, most of us struggle most with our loved ones and with ourselves. Indeed, a fundamental principle of aikido is masakatsu agatsu, which means “true victory is victory over oneself.” More often than not our struggles and conflicts in the world are a reflection of struggles and conflicts we have with ourselves. As we learn how to de-escalate these internal conflicts, the external ones tend to melt away.

 ## Additional Information
 ### Aikido Schools of Ueshiba (ASU) The parent organization for Baltimore Aikido.
 ### ASU Headquarters Aikido Shobukan Dojo
 421 Butternut Street, NW
 Washington, DC 20012
 202-829-4202
 ### World Aikido Headquarters Hombu Dojo
 17-18 Wakamatsu-cho
 Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
 Japan
 ### ASU Handbook Information for ASU members
 ### AikiWeb A great site for information about aikido, including articles and editorials, an extensive vocabulary list, active forums, and a dojo locator
 ### Aikido FAQ Another excellent resource, containing a large collection of images and videos of aikido performed by various sensei
 ### Other Regional Dojos - Allegheny Aikido Aikido - Eibukan Dojo - Aikido in the Fan - Aikido of Northern Virginia - Aikido Shobukan Dojo - Aikido West Reading - Bond Street Dojo - Capital Aikikai
 ### Friends of Baltimore Aikido - Chicago Aikikai - Mary Heiny Sensei - Shobu Aikido of Boston

 ## Aikido ### How may we help you?

 Topic... Class Information General Information Seminars Other

 Comments

 © 2022 Baltimore Aikido. All rights reserved. Photography Credit: Marshall Janoff
 Empowered with arPlatform + arTeam
