---
source_url: http://baltimoreaikido.com
final_url: https://www.baltimoreaikido.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:07.514Z
---

## Join us for Gleason Sensei, May 29-31, 2026

 ## Experience Baltimore Aikido Baltimore Aikido is a Not For Profit School dedicated to the practice of the Japanese martial arts.
 Aikido is a form of functional training improving mind-body coordination.
 We offer a no cost trial class and two months of training at a discount for new members .
 ## Start Here

 ## Experience Baltimore Aikido Baltimore Aikido is a Not for Profit School dedicated to the practice of Japanese martial arts.
 We offer a no cost trial and two months of traning at a discount for new members.
 ## Start Here

 ## Events Classes and seminars provide Aikido, Jodo, and Iaido training and also offer experience and study of Japanese culture, language, Shinto and Buddhist philosophies, and nonviolent communication.
 HAPPENINGS

 ## JODO A traditional Japanese policing art (as opposed to a battlefield art) which focuses on the use of a four foot long staff. Jodo includes the study of swordsmanship, and a number of other traditional Japanese weapons.
 Learn More

 ## IAIDO The class focuses on learning how to draw and cut with the Japanese sword. The techniques stem from the classical school of Mugai Ryu Iai Hyodo and are taught with the aim of helping the student develop strong body posture and smooth and effortless movement, combined with a calm and focused mind.
 I'M INTERESTED

 ## Support Baltimore Aikido is an all-volunteer 501(c)(8) nonprofit organization. Contributions to Baltimore Aikido support the operation and maintenance of the dojo.
 DONATE NOW

 ## EVENTS Classes and seminars provide Aikido, Jodo, and Iaido training and also offer experience and study of Japanese culture, language, Shinto and Buddhist philosophies, and nonviolent communication.
 HAPPENINGS

 ## JODO A traditional Japanese policing art (as opposed to a battlefield art) which focuses on the use of a four foot long staff. Jodo includes the study of swordsmanship, and a number of other traditional Japanese weapons.
 Learn More

 ## IAIDO The class focuses on learning how to draw and cut with the Japanese sword. The techniques stem from the classical school of Mugai Ryu Iai Hyodo and are taught with the aim of helping the student develop strong body posture and smooth and effortless movement, combined with a calm and focused mind.
 I'M INTERESTED

 ## sUPPORT Baltimore Aikido is an all-volunteer 501(c)(8) nonprofit organization. Contributions to Baltimore Aikido support the operation and maintenance of the dojo.
 DONATE NOW

 ### There is no one kind of Aikido Student. Training with Baltimore Aikido is different from belonging to a gym. Baltimore Aikido offers a strong community based on the nature of our practice, social events, seminars and travel. By training, you become part of a worldwide group of practioners, seeking to better themselves and contribute to a more peaceful society.
 Aikido practice can offer considerably more than physical training and lead to a life-long study that transforms how you learn, developing a growth mindset and attitude of receptivity.
 TRY SOMETHING NEW

 ## aIKIDO Aikido is first a Budo. The essense of Budo is not the art of fighting but an art of personal refinement. These principles are the life blood of Shihan, Master Instructor, Mitsugi Saotome. Saotome Shihan is the head instructor of Aikido Schools of Ueshiba; Baltimore Aikido's parent organization.
 Discover Aikido's Backstory

 ## Aikido Aikido is first a Budo. The essence of Budo is not the art of fighting but an art of personal refinement. These principles are the life blood of Shihan, Mster Instructor, Mitsugi Saotome. Saotome Shihan is the head instrucor of Aikido School of Ueshiba; Baltimore Aikido's parent organization.
 ## Aikido's Backstory

 © 2022 Baltimore Aikido. All rights reserved. Photography Credit: Marshall Janoff
 Empowered with arPlatform + arTeam
