---
source_url: http://www.fmawv.com
final_url: https://fmawv.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:45.911Z
---

## Family Martial Arts

 Family Martial Arts is founded on the principle of offering students a well-rounded approach to training. We are dedicated to teaching excellence. We provide you with the most complete and effective methods available by combining instruction in two of the most recognizable and effective martial arts systems in the world: Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Team Pedro Sauer® and Chuck Norris System®.

 ### Free Classes Event

 ## WE PRIORITIZE SAFETY FOR ALL OF OUR STUDENTS AND HAVE THE BEST INSTRUCTORS AVAILABLE

 Some schools have a community attitude of “toughness” over safety. However, Family Martial Arts is a community of cooperative care for one another , and this is emphasized in the classes we offer at all levels and ages.
 Our instructors are personally selected, not only for their martial arts skill, but also for their ability to effectively communicate their knowledge to students of all ages. All instructors have completed a rigorous instructor certification program. These attributes guarantee students are in good hands.
 Because of our quality standards, Family Martial Arts draws students from all walks of life and ages. Whether you are looking to learn self-defense, relieve stress, stay in shape, or boost confidence, we can meet your need. We look forward to sharing these experiences with YOU and hope you will fill out the FREE GIFT FORM on this website to take your first step into our community.

 #### CombatBASICS Jiu-Jitsu®

 This is our official beginner program for adult men and women that incorporates the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Team Pedro Sauer® Curriculum. Students learn fundamental techniques that work in real life self-defense situations along with learning sport jiu-jitsu techniques. The program provides a fun, safe, and structured training environment.

 #### BullyDEFENSE Jiu-Jitsu®

 This is our kid’s program for beginners. The program teaches children when and when not to use the self-defense techniques they learn. Plus kids have a ton of fun in a safe and structured environment. Students gain confidence and self-esteem.

 #### EmpowHER Jiu-Jitsu®

 Our official beginner program for women only. The course emphasizes what women need know in order to protect themselves in scenarios most unique to them. The program incorporates realistic self-defense techniques from the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Team Pedro Sauer® Curriculum.

 #### REVOLUTIONS Jiu-Jitsu®

 Revolutions Jiu-Jitsu® goes beyond basic techniques and helps students master the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Team Pedro Sauer® Curriculum. Since this involves mastering hundreds of techniques, everything in the class is presented in a revolving set of well-organized chapters. Thus students reach their maximum potential in a fun, safe, and structured course.

 #### CHUCK NORRIS SYSTEM®

 Churck Norris System® was founded by Chuck Norris, and was originally based on Norris’ Tang Soo Do training in Korea while he was in the military.

 #### Private Lessons

 Students sometimes prefer private lessons. One on one training allows the instructor to give the student undivided attention and adapt lessons to suit their specific needs. These lessons are also great for students whose schedules do not permit them to attend group classes.
