---
source_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com/schedule
final_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:01.890Z
---

# Citadel Martial Arts & Fitness Schedule
 SCROLL DOWN FOR UPDATED SCHEDULE

 Sign up for your FREE trial!

 ## SCHEDULE: Updated Daily

 Show More

 ## Signing Up For Classes - Please Read! #### New Members: WE ARE CURRENTLY OFFERING TRIALS ON TUESDAYS AND THURSDAYS! YOU MUST BE VACCINATED TO TAKE A TRIAL CLASS!

 At Citadel Martial Arts and Fitness in Boston, MA, we offer a huge number of diverse small group martial arts classes. If you're interested in a class but not sure what it is all about, send us a message with the chat feature and we'll reach out to you to figure it out and to schedule your first class - FREE.

 In addition to our group classes, we offer private and semi-private martial arts and fitness instruction. We offer private training and semi-private classes in each of our programs as well as several other martial art disciplines. Reach out for more info - if we can't, we can point you in the right direction!

 #### Returning Members: If a class is full and you have not reserved a spot, you will not be permitted to join the class. This is for everyone's safety.

 Please remember to Sign Up for classes ahead of time . You can do this through the schedule (above) or the ZenPlanner App. If you've forgotten your password, you can reset your password through the ZenPlanner app that hosts our schedule. Let us know if you're having trouble with this. You will otherwise need to sign in at the gym before class, space permitting.

 ## About Us #### World Class Training No Matter What Your Goals Here at Citadel, we offer among the best training in Muay Thai, kickboxing, Brazilian jiu jitsu, wrestling and MMA. Whether you want to feel more confident in your self defense, compete as a fighter or just have some fun, we've got you!

 Call us to schedule your first class (free)!

 #### All-Levels Welcome Doesn't matter if you're just starting or if you've fighting since you could walk, we've got what you need. Most of our classes are ALL LEVELS so don't worry - you're welcome! Looking for some 101 Muay Thai, check out our Tuesday 630p class!

 You can e-mail us for more info or to sign up!

 #### Inclusive and Welcoming Community We pride ourselves in our team-spirit environment and are always all ears for ways to make you feel more like part of the team! We know starting something new can be hard - but you're always welcome here!

 Sign up for your first class here!

 ### Try a night of classes for free for new members. Thinking about joining but not sure? Come try BJJ, MMA, and Modern Muay Thai on any Tuesday or Thursday FOR FREE!

 Sign up for a free class here!

 #### Like others, this website also uses cookies. Accept
