---
source_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com/womens-classes
final_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com/womens-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:01.969Z
---

SIGN UP FOR INFO ABOUT AUGUST

 # Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Women's Boxing, Women's Kickboxing, Women's Muay Thai, Women's Strength Training.
 -

 ## June, July: Sunday & August: Sunday and Thursday #### Women's Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai #### Women's Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai #### Women's Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai
 Always wanted to try hitting something? I promise it is fun.

 #### Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Women's Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai #### Women's Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai
 We highly recommend bringing a long sleeve shirt and leggings to this class!

 #### Women's Strength and Conditioning #### Women's Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai #### Women's Strength and Conditioning
 You don't have to be "in shape" already to join this class and get strong!

 ## Pricing & Promos #### Bring a Friend Free and Save When You Join With A Friend! #### Bring a Friend Free and Save When You Join With A Friend! #### Bring a Friend Free and Save When You Join With A Friend!

 #### Special Girl Gang Pricing #### Bring a Friend Free and Save When You Join With A Friend! #### Bring a Friend Free and Save When You Join With A Friend!

 ## Sign Up for More Info! ###### Don't Worry! You don't commit by signing up for more info

 More Info! Call the gym and ask about the girls gang class More info (again) E-mail us for more info!

 ### Try a night of classes for free for new members. Thinking about joining but not sure? Come try BJJ, MMA, and Modern Muay Thai on any Tuesday or Thursday FOR FREE!

 Sign up for a free class here!

 #### Like others, this website also uses cookies. Accept
