---
source_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:02.054Z
---

# Brazilian Jiujitsu (BJJ)
 Chat us or let us know here you're interested in scheduling your first class - FREE

 ## BJJ at Citadel #### Come meet our team of talented BJJ Instructors and our team of competitions, hobbyist, fighters, and beginners!

 #### If you've never taken a BJJ class before, don't worry! Have confidence that we'll meet you at your level and help you grow as a grappler. Whether you're a beginner, intermediate or advanced - you are welcome at Citadel.

 #### Citadel Class At Citadel Martial Arts, our main priority is our students safety and constant progression towards excellence. There are two forms to the art, Brazilian Jiujutsu (Gi) and Submission Grappling (No GI). Classes are run through several modalities and all levels are welcome. Class format is most often done through 4 stages.

 - Warm ups are done by movements that translate to the art itself - A technique is taught which then goes through the drilling phase - Positional rolls (live practice) is usually after drilling, a student is encouraged to attempt the technique in a live round - Students and the instructor will discuss what was learned, what worked, and what didn’t.

 Our coaches are all high level (3 black and a brown belt) under a high ranking black belt ranked under Mario Sperry. We are proud of them for their hard work earning their ranks and they look forward to helping others discover their love for BJJ.

 #### History of Brazilian Jiujitsu Brazilian jiujutsu is a combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and self defense. It is a sport that was built on the principles and philosophy of Hélio and Carlos Gracie. Brazilian Jiujutsu gained the popularity and respect of the martial arts community when Royce Gracie defeated a variety of formidable opponents at UFC 1, a historic event that changed martial arts forever.

 ## Class Preparation #### Gi Classes For gi classes, the use of the gi is recommended but students that do not own a gi may initially attend without.

 #### No Gi Classes For no gi classes, compression shirt or tight fitting shirt, and board shorts or compression pants recommended.

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ### Try a night of classes for free for new members. Thinking about joining but not sure? Come try BJJ, MMA, and Modern Muay Thai on any Tuesday or Thursday FOR FREE!

 Sign up for a free class here!

 #### Like others, this website also uses cookies. Accept
