---
source_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com
final_url: https://citadelmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:02.136Z
---

# CITADEL MARTIAL ARTS AND FITNESS CITADEL MARTIAL ARTS AND FITNESS CITADEL MARTIAL ARTS AND FITNESS CITADEL MARTIAL ARTS AND FITNESS

 Modern Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Mixed Martial Arts, Wrestling, Women’s Classes.
 Schedule below. First class free.

 Start Training Today!
 Schedule below!

 ## Our Classes: #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ)

 #### Modern Muay Thai

 #### Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) #### Mixed Martial Arts (MMA)

 #### Wresting #### Women's Classes #### Mixed Martial Arts (MMA)

 #### Women's Classes #### Women's Classes #### Women's Classes

 Our schedule is found below and we offer a trial day free for all new members . Currently trials are available Tuesday and Thursday.

 We are located at 41 Winter Street in Downtown Crossing, Boston, MA. To access the space, please call the gym number when you are outside.

 We pride ourselves in our inclusive environment and welcome all age groups, genders, and skill and fitness levels. Each class has been carefully developed to maximize your learning in the most enjoyable, efficient and safe way possible. Not sure what that means? We promise that wasn't written by AI but you'll have to come check us out to really get it.

 You do not need and we do not expect that you have previous experience. Whether your ambition is to get in shape, empower yourself through martial arts, or to compete, our coaches, trainers and staff are always prepared to give you the time, dedication and energy you need to get there – if you’re willing to put in the effort too!

 ## Daily Schedule - ALWAYS UPDATED WITH SCHEDULE CHANGES!

 Show More

 ## FAQs Please reach us at CitadelMartialArts@gmail.com or +1 (617) 888-4839 if you cannot find an answer to your question.

 How do I join? Call us to find out about our monthly membership and our ongoing deals. We also offer class packs.

 We are located in downtown Boston. We are in Downtown Crossing, at 41 Winter Street near the Park Street and Downtown Crossing Stations and right near the State House, Boston Common, and Downtown Boston.

 I’ve never done this before! Where do i start? All of our BJJ ( Brazilian jiu jitsu) classes are all levels which means no matter you’re level you’re welcome. Let the instructor know when you get there that you’re new. classes that day Gi use a BJJ GI which is a kind of uniform. If you don’t have one, don’t worry. Any tighter fitting athletic clothes will work.

 For Muay Thai, we recommend starting with a fundamentals class but if you can’t make it, look for any class labeled all levels. For the Muay Thai fundamentals class, you only need boxing gloves which we’re happy to provide for your first class. For other Muay Thai classes you need shin guards and boxing gloves and for advanced classes a mouth guard.

 Our MMA class are open to everyone but we recommend taking striking or grappling first.

 For our other classes, we recommend contacting us ahead of time for more info.

 How do I get into the gym? Call us when you arrive and we’ll buzz you in. When you join, you may also be given access to come in during gym hours without the buzzer. But when in doubt, call us!

 Look for the big sign that says 41 on Winter Street. We are located in the Basement of that building. It is near Planet Fitness and next to an eyebrow threading establishment.

 But do I really need to be vaccinated to train? Literally yes.

 ## Contact Us!

 #### Contact Us Name*

 Email*

 Phone

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Got membership questions? Need info on private training? Not sure what you need for your free class? Call us, email us, message us or find us on social media.

 #### Citadel Martial Arts 41 Winter Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02108, United States
 (617) 888 4839

 #### Hours Open today | 05:00 pm – 08:30 pm |

 ### Try a night of classes for free for new members. Thinking about joining but not sure? Come try BJJ, MMA, and Modern Muay Thai on any Tuesday or Thursday FOR FREE!

 Sign up for a free class here!

 #### Like others, this website also uses cookies. Accept
