---
source_url: https://www.modernamericanmma.net
final_url: https://modernamericanmma.net/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:00.434Z
---

(757) 342-3600

 # Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills

 Join our Mixed Martial Arts classes for all ages today!

 Enroll Now

 (757) 342-3600

 # Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills Empower Yourself with Self-Defense Skills

 Join our Mixed Martial Arts classes for all ages today!

 Enroll Now

 ## What we offer and more #### About Us #### Before & After-school Anti-bullying Program
 Modern American Mixed Martial Arts is a mixed martial arts school in Newport News, Virginia. Known for their incredible Before & After School program for Kids in Newport News, Virginia. Pickups and drop-offs directly from area schools. Their youth program is the heartbeat of this school. Modern America has developed state and national ch

 Show More
 Modern American Mixed Martial Arts is a mixed martial arts school in Newport News, Virginia. Known for their incredible Before & After School program for Kids in Newport News, Virginia. Pickups and drop-offs directly from area schools. Their youth program is the heartbeat of this school. Modern America has developed state and national champions of all ages and sizes. There is something for everyone interested in mixed martial arts or general fitness.

 Show Less

 #### Before & After-school Anti-bullying Program #### Before & After-school Anti-bullying Program
 Say something interesting about your business here.

 #### Summer Program Claees generally fill up by May, register early for a discount. For more information call:

 #### Women's Bootcamp Do you need that little bit of motivation to get you to the person you want to be? Join us on an incredible 8-week journey and see who you can become.

 #### A variety of Pursuits #### A variety of Pursuits
 MMAMMA's Boy offers a variety of disciplines, including but not limited to:
 SUBMISSION GRAPPLING
 MUAY THAI
 KICKBOXING

 Unleash Your Inner Champion!

 ## Empowering moments from our self defense classes

 ###### Hello ## Before/After School Program Enrollment is now open for our Before- and After-School Program . Spots are limited.

 Find out more

 ## Reviews

 ## Contact Us #### Better yet, see us in person! If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### MAMMA's Boys 14346 Warwick Blvd, Newport News, VA 23602, USA
 (757) 342-3600

 #### Hours Open today | 06:00 am – 08:00 pm |

 Get in Touch!
 #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Attach Files

 Attachments (0)

 Sign up for our email list for updates, promotions, and more.

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get in Touch!

 Get directions

 ## Social

 ### Join Our Mailing List
 Email

 Sign up

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
