---
source_url: https://orovillejiujitsu.com/jiu-jitsu-classes/
final_url: https://orovillejiujitsu.com/jiu-jitsu-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:23.719Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Oroville, CA Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy in Oroville, CA, is northern California’s best resource for beginner, intermediate, and advanced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and specialized training. We are a CheckMat-affiliated academy and the best source of training for beginners and experienced martial artists of all ages.
 If you are looking for the best Jiu Jitsu academy in northern California , we offer three levels of classes for adults and youths of all skill levels.

 ## Class Schedule Time | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 10 – 11 AM | | | | | | Open Mats (13 and up) 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | | 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi | Adult Gi | | Adult Gi | Adult Gi |

 ### Monday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids Gi 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi

 ### Tuesday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids Gi 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi

 ### Wednesday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids No-Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids No-Gi

 ### Thursday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids Gi 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi

 ### Friday Time | Class 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult No-Gi

 ### Saturday Time | Class 10 – 11 AM | Open Mats (13 and up)

 Sign Up Now

 ## Adult Classes for All Skill Levels Whether you are new to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or very experienced, our adult classes are the ideal tool for learning and improving. We have many students and experienced Jiu Jitsu instructors who can help you to become a much better martial artist.
 Our instructors can help you to prepare for a tournament or other competitions. We also help to provide you with coaching so that you stand a better chance of medaling or winning tournaments.
 Our classes are fun, engaging, and a terrific way to build teamwork and bond with family and friends. Odds are, you will make some new friends, too.
 Call Now

 ## Youth Classes for Ages 5 and Up Our kids’ class is ideal for those who are ages 5 and up. We help to give your kids a fun experience that also helps to build strong bodies while developing critically important self-defense skills.
 We require students to be at least 5 years of age to help ensure their bodies are ready for the experience. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction includes mentorship and guidance so that young kids learn how to use their skills appropriately.
 Our kids’ class is done in a group format. We offer evening classes that help to prevent scheduling conflicts with school classes and parents’ work schedules.
 Call Now

 ## Private Lessons Hone Your Skills and Technique We have the area’s only black belts who teach Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, and they are available for private lessons. We can focus your private instruction on honing specific techniques and preparing you for competitions.

 ## Contact Us To Learn More Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy is open on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. You can call (530) 990-5224 to learn more and sign up for classes. We accept payment via major credit cards, debit cards, and cash.
 Get In Touch Call Now
