---
source_url: https://orovillejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://orovillejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:23.838Z
---

- Adult and Youth Group Classes Book Today! - Knowledge. Skill. Technique. View Classes

 # Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy in Oroville, CA Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy in Oroville, CA, is an outstanding place for everyone to learn and finely tune their skills with one of our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes. Whether young or old, new or highly experienced, we provide a terrific environment to practice your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and rise through the belt ranks.
 We are the only academy that provides students with black belt Jiu Jitsu instructors who have decades of combined experience. They are the area’s best at leading Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and can improve your technique while also teaching you more throws, submissions, and other moves.
 Our instructors’ levels of experience and skills help to make Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy a certified CheckMat Affiliate. We are second to none and help to develop many of the area’s best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu martial artists.
 Call Now

 ## Wide Variety of Classes for All Levels We are entering our fifth year and have a well-established academy that makes up one of the best places to learn from our expert instructors as well as your classmates.
 ## We provide Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes for:

 ### Adults Adults of all levels.
 Learn More

 ### Kids Kids who are learning as well as those who are experienced.
 Learn More

 ### Private Classes Specialized training in private classes.
 Learn More

 We are the area’s only Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy with black belt instructors. We offer separate classes for kids and adults so that our students can pair up with others who are more similarly experienced and of the same size and strength.
 We also have guest instructors who conduct seminars to help you turn weaknesses into strengths. Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy also has a lot of experienced students and other members who can help to mentor less-experienced students.

 ## Competition Preparation Available Whether you are training for Jiu Jitsu tournaments, MMA, or just enjoy cross-training, the Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy is the best place to sharpen your skills and develop new ones. We have many highly experienced students and members who can help with training and general preparation for competitions.
 When you have excellent training partners who challenge your abilities, you stand a better chance of medaling and winning your competitions. Your classmates, mentors, and instructors can hone your skills so that you are a more successful competitor. Meanwhile, your conditioning improves along with your self-defense skills.
 Learn More

 ## The only Academy in Oroville with black belt instructors
 ### Ira Daugherty #### Head Instructor Learn More

 ### Eric Fought #### ASST. Instructor #### Competition Coach Learn More

 ## Class Schedule Time | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday 10 – 11 AM | | | | | | Open Mats (13 and up) 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | Little Kids Gi, Big Kids Gi | | 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi | Adult Gi | | Adult Gi | Adult Gi |

 ### Monday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids Gi 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi

 ### Tuesday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids Gi 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi

 ### Wednesday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids No-Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids No-Gi

 ### Thursday Time | Class 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Little Kids Gi 4:30 – 5:30 PM | Big Kids Gi 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult Gi

 ### Friday Time | Class 7 – 8:30 PM | Adult No-Gi

 ### Saturday Time | Class 10 – 11 AM | Open Mats (13 and up)

 Sign Up Now

 ## Contact Us To Learn More and Sign Up for Classes Oroville Jiu Jitsu Academy in Oroville, CA, is open on weekdays from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. You can call (530) 990-5224 to learn more and sign up for classes. We accept payment via major credit cards, debit cards, and cash.
 Proudly serving students in Oroville, California and the surrounding region.
 Get In Touch Call Now
