---
source_url: https://www.cjjflv.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.cjjflv.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:36.742Z
---

KIDS JIU-JITSU

 # KIDS JIU-JITSU

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just a martial art—it’s a powerful path to personal growth and character development.

 In our kids’ program, we go beyond teaching techniques; we instill essential core values like confidence, self-discipline, respect, and responsibility, helping children build strength—not just physically, but mentally and emotionally as well.

 ## KEIKI CHAMPIONS 4-5
 - Slide title Write your caption here SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL

 Introduce your little ones to the exciting world of Jiu-Jitsu tailored just for ages 3-6! Our program blends fun and fitness, teaching fundamental movements and coordination through playful exercises. Kids will develop essential motor skills, build confidence, and learn basic Jiu-Jitsu principles in a supportive and engaging environment. It's a fantastic way for young minds to explore physical activity, teamwork, and discipline while having a blast on the mats!We love what we do and it shows. With more than 25 years of experience in the field, we know our industry like the back of our hands. There’s no challenge too big or too small, and we dedicate our utmost energy to every project we take on.

 KIDS CLASS 6-9

 - Slide title Write your caption here SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL

 Our program introduces fundamental techniques, promoting physical fitness, agility, and mental focus. Through interactive drills and games, children learn the art of self-discipline, teamwork, and respect. It's not just a martial art; it's a fun and empowering experience that builds confidence and camaraderie. Join us as your child discovers the excitement of Jiu-Jitsu while developing crucial life skills in a supportive and encouraging environment!

 ## JUNIORS/TEENS 10+
 - Slide title Write your caption here SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL

 Fuel the growth and confidence of your older kids with Jiu-Jitsu! Tailored for ages 11-15, our program hones in on refining techniques, building strength, and cultivating mental resilience. Through challenging yet engaging sessions, participants develop self-discipline, confidence, and effective problem-solving skills. Jiu-Jitsu becomes a transformative experience, offering martial art proficiency, personal growth, and a strong sense of camaraderie. Join us as your kids embark on a journey of empowerment, fitness, and skill mastery in a supportive and motivating environment!

 ## NO GI
 - Slide title Write your caption here SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL

 Explore the energetic realm of No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu tailored for kids! Our program skips the traditional uniform for a dynamic, fast-paced approach to grappling. With a focus on practical self-defense and agility, kids learn to navigate without the kimono, enhancing adaptability and quick thinking. It's an exhilarating journey where they'll build confidence, physical fitness, and camaraderie while delving into the fundamentals of No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu in a supportive and lively environment. Join us for a thrilling blend of skill-building and fun!

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 #### BUSINESS HOURS
 Monday-Friday
 9:30 AM - 8:30 PM
 Saturday
 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM

 ###### CONTACT
 (702) 720 4735

 info@cjjflv.com

 5195 Camino Al Norte # 200
 North Las Vegas, NV 89031

 ###### Copyright 2025 - CJJF Vegas

 Share by:
