---
source_url: https://www.cjjflv.com/adult-jiu-jitsu-program
final_url: https://www.cjjflv.com/adult-jiu-jitsu-program
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:36.805Z
---

ADULT JIU-JITSU

 # ADULTS JIU-JITSU
 #### Whether you're pursuing self-defense, fitness, weight loss, or engaging in sport and competition, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes offer a comprehensive program for adults. Tailored to address every facet of this modern martial art, our cutting-edge sessions guide you in building strength and achieving total body fitness. #### #### Explore the techniques and the thrill of throws, ground grappling, and submissions while building strength and achieving total body fitness. Join us for an exciting experience where the pursuit of your goals feels more like play than effort!

 ## FUNDAMENTALS
 - Slide title Write your caption here SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL

 Our Fundamental Beginner Jiu-Jitsu Class for Adults introduces you to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with a focus on essential techniques, positions, and submissions. Led by an experienced instructor, this class offers a friendly and inclusive atmosphere. No prior experience is required—join us to build fitness, resilience, and the foundation for your Jiu-Jitsu journey. Start your martial arts adventure with us!

 ## ADVANCED
 - Slide title Write your caption here SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL

 Take your skills to the next level in our Adult Advanced Jiu-Jitsu Classes. These sessions concentrate on intricate techniques, advanced positions, and high-level submissions. Designed for those with a solid foundation in BJJ, our classes provide a supportive yet challenging environment for continuous improvement. Refine your skills, explore advanced strategies, and elevate your Jiu-Jitsu proficiency. Join us on the mats for an intense and dynamic training experience. Lace up your gi and take your BJJ journey to new heights!

 ## NO GI
 - Slide title Write your caption here SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL

 Our Adult No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu Classes, focuses on practical techniques, fluid movements, and effective submissions without the traditional gi. Ideal for all levels, experience a fast-paced training environment to enhance your ground game skills.

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 #### BUSINESS HOURS
 Monday-Friday
 9:30 AM - 8:30 PM
 Saturday
 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM

 ###### CONTACT
 (702) 720 4735

 info@cjjflv.com

 5195 Camino Al Norte # 200
 North Las Vegas, NV 89031

 ###### Copyright 2025 - CJJF Vegas

 Share by:
