---
source_url: https://www.cjjflv.com/private-lessons
final_url: https://www.cjjflv.com/private-lessons
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:36.869Z
---

PRIVATE LESSONS

 # PRIVATE LESSONS

 Private Lessons stand out as the most effective method for learning Jiu-Jitsu.
 One-on-one sessions are available to all academy members and visitors, offering individualized instruction that caters to your specific needs and experience level.

 Private instruction iN Jiu-Jitsu... Comes with several benefits:

 - Personalized Attention: Private lessons allow the instructor to focus solely on you, providing personalized feedback and corrections tailored to your specific strengths and weaknesses.

 - Customized Curriculum: The curriculum can be tailored to your individual goals, whether it's improving specific techniques, addressing weaknesses, or focusing on a particular aspect of the game.

 - Accelerated Learning: With undivided attention, you can progress at your own pace, potentially accelerating your learning compared to group classes.

 - Detail-Oriented Corrections: In a private setting, the instructor can pay meticulous attention to your form, movements, and execution of techniques, ensuring that you develop a strong foundation.

 - Confidence Building: Private lessons can boost your confidence by addressing any uncertainties or challenges you may have, helping you feel more comfortable and capable on the mats.

 - Efficient Time Use: Private sessions are highly efficient, as there are no distractions or time spent on unrelated techniques. This can lead to a more focused and productive learning experience. - Flexibility in Scheduling: Private lessons often offer more flexibility in scheduling, allowing you to find times that suit your availability and ensuring consistency in your training.

 - In-Depth Q&A: You have the opportunity to ask questions and seek clarification on specific aspects of Jiu-Jitsu, promoting a deeper understanding of the techniques and strategies involved.

 - Preparation for Competitions: If you're gearing up for competitions, private instruction can be invaluable for refining your game plan, strategy, and addressing specific challenges posed by potential opponents.

 - Individualized Feedback: The instructor can provide instant feedback, helping you to understand your strengths and areas that require improvement, which can be crucial for skill development.

 START YOUR FREE TRIAL

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 #### BUSINESS HOURS
 Monday-Friday
 9:30 AM - 8:30 PM
 Saturday
 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM

 ###### CONTACT
 (702) 720 4735

 info@cjjflv.com

 5195 Camino Al Norte # 200
 North Las Vegas, NV 89031

 ###### Copyright 2025 - CJJF Vegas

 Share by:
