---
source_url: https://www.cjjflv.com
final_url: https://www.cjjflv.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:36.937Z
---

# CJJF # JIU-JITSU
 Las Vegas's Premier Jiu-Jitsu Academy For Adults & Kids

 ### JOIN A COMMUNITY THAT SUPPORTS YOUR GROWTH
 Try a FREE Class at CJJF

 Click The Button Below and Fill Out The Form

 START YOUR FREE TRIAL

 ## EMPOWER YOURSELF THROUGH JIU JITSU ## ## JOIN OUR COMMUNITY & CULTIVATE CONFIDENCE. ## YOUR JOURNEY BEGINS WITH CJJF

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 At Caveirinha, we believe that the benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu extend far beyond the physical aspects. Through our classes, students learn valuable life lessons such as goal setting, problem-solving, and effective communication. We provide a safe and supportive environment where students can challenge themselves, build self-confidence, and develop a strong sense of resilience. With a passion for empowering individuals, we believe that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has the transformative power to enhance lives. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced practitioner, our academy is dedicated to providing a nurturing environment where you can grow, learn, achieve your goals, and even call home.

 ADULTS JIU-JITSU

 Train in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with expert coaches at CJJF Academy North Vegas. Our Adult Jiu-Jitsu program focuses on self-defense, fitness, and competition in a welcoming environment.
 Begin your journey to strength, confidence, and skill today!

 LEARN MORE
 KIDS JIU-JITSU

 Introduces children to the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a fun and safe environment. Focused on building confidence, discipline, and respect, our program helps kids develop physical fitness, self-defense skills, and a positive mindset. Join our nurturing community and watch your child grow into a stronger, more focused individual!

 LEARN MORE

 ACADEMY OFFERINGS

 At CJJF Las Vegas, we offer a variety of classes with a dedicated instructor to help you and your family build strength, confidence, and resilience. We are committed to providing a professional and supportive environment for your overall well-being.

 academy features

 - FAMILY PLANS - PRIVATE LESSONS - MILITARY & LAW ENFORCEMENT - FIRST RESPONDER & HEALTH CARE - INDUSTRY WORKERS & TEACHERS

 PROGRAMS

 - BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU - CJJFIT - HOMESCHOOL SPECIALS - DIVERSE ABILITIES

 # SCHEDULE A FREE TRIAL CLASS
 Ready to get started?
 Contact us for a free trial class!

 CJJF JIU-JITSU

 What Our Members Say ...
 Real Experiences, Real Results

 The owner of CJJF Vegas truly goes above and beyond to make everyone feel welcome and cared for. You can tell they are passionate about creating a supportive and safe environment for all students. They take the time to connect with everyone personally and ensure the gym feels like a community, not just a training space. It's rare to find someone who genuinely cares about their student's progress and well-being as much as they do. Highly recommend this place to anyone considering Jiu-Jitsu!

 Rocio Sanchez

 I had an incredible time training for Master Worlds. The professor was not only welcoming but also went above and beyond to ensure I was fully prepared. The environment was supportive, and the opportunity provided made a significant difference in my readiness. Highly recommended!

 John Vo

 The instructors and other students are very welcoming here, feels like being at home. The gym is super nice and very clean.

 Great place for anyone that's wants to learn BJJ or continue to train.

 Mike Fleckenstein

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 #### BUSINESS HOURS
 Monday-Friday
 9:30 AM - 8:30 PM
 Saturday
 9:00 AM - 1:00 PM

 ###### CONTACT
 (702) 720 4735

 info@cjjflv.com

 5195 Camino Al Norte # 200
 North Las Vegas, NV 89031

 ###### Copyright 2025 - CJJF Vegas

 Share by:
