---
source_url: https://www.helenaata.com
final_url: https://www.helenaata.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:55.687Z
---

- Helena ATA Empowering Youth and Adults Through Martial Arts Join Us Now - Rise to Your Full Potential with Helena ATA. Join Us Now

 - - -

 Are you ready?
 ## Building Strong Minds and Bodies
 Martial Arts Training for the Entire Family
 Helena ATA of Montana is dedicated to empowering individuals and families through high-quality martial arts programs. We develop minds, strengthen bodies, and build leadership characteristics in our students. From ages 4 to 84, our ATA martial arts programs offer something for everyone. Whether you’re looking to have fun while learning something new or to follow the path all the way to black belt, you and your entire family can enjoy the benefits of a membership with ATA. With a state-of-the-art facility, nationally certified instructional staff, and a progressive, high-energy curriculum, Helena ATA has the martial arts programs needed to cultivate self-discipline, integrity, and confidence so you can excel in all areas of your life.

 Programs
 Training for All Ages
 ## Our Programs
 Ages 4-6
 Tigers Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our Tigers martial arts program today!

 Ages 7-14
 Kids/Juniors Teaches children valuable self-defense skills in a safe, positive environment while reinforcing skills necessary for success in school and life.

 Adults Become fit, healthy, and stronger while learning to protect yourself.

 Leadership Offers personal development through advanced training to give you a foundation to train tomorrow’s leaders.

 Legacy Take your physical and mental skills to the next level by becoming a certified ATA instructor.

 #### 3-Week Trial Try Helena ATA martial arts programs today, with no risks and no commitments!
 21 Days for $21
 Start Now

 Testimonial
 ## REviews From You
 Mother
 #### Madison B. Helena ATA is a phenomenal Martial Arts school. Something I grew up doing and it’ll be something my kids will grow up doing. Learning martial arts and so many valuable life lessons!

 Mother
 #### Kasi W. Has been amazing for my child. Great leaders.

 Mother
 #### Dawn R Amazing teachers and support! So much to learn, do, and enjoy!

 Previous Next
 - - - -

 - Location 3180 Dredge Drive Ste. F, Helena, MT - Contact (406) 410-0827 - Email [email protected]

 Contact Us
 ## Ask Us Anything
 We are always available, by phone or email, to answer any questions you may have or provide additional information about the opportunities available in our martial arts programs.

 By opting into the web form above you are providing conent for Helena ATA Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime or learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.
