---
source_url: https://graciebarrasouthportland.com/?utm_source=google-ads&utm_medium=my-business
final_url: https://graciebarrasouthportland.com/?utm_source=google-ads&utm_medium=my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:57.201Z
---

Skip to content .

 # BOOK A FREe CONSULTATION!
 Schedule a one-on-one meeting with our experts so we can learn the best way to help you with your Jiu-Jitsu journey in South Portland

 ## Our Jiu-Jitsu Methodology
 We are delighted to welcome you to our Jiu-Jitsu school, the heart of our global Jiu-Jitsu community. Here, we are fully dedicated to preserving the tradition and values that have made Gracie Barra one of the largest and most respected Jiu-Jitsu schools in the world.
 As you step in, you not only join a training academy but also become part of a family that values discipline, respect, and excellence. Furthermore, our instructors, who rank among the best in the world, are committed to guiding you every step of the way—from your first class to achieving your black belt and beyond.

 We are delighted to welcome you to our Jiu-Jitsu school, the heart of our global Jiu-Jitsu community. Here, we are fully dedicated to preserving the tradition and values that have made Gracie Barra one of the largest and most respected Jiu-Jitsu schools in the world.
 As you step in, you not only join a training academy but also become part of a family that values discipline, respect, and excellence. Furthermore, our instructors, who rank among the best in the world, are committed to guiding you every step of the way—from your first class to achieving your black belt and beyond.

 ## Our Jiu-Jitsu Programs at GB South Portland

 ## Kids and Teens​ Kids and teens are divided by age and level groups to better address to their needs
 BOOK NOW

 ## FUNDAMENTALS PROGRAM This course teaches the foundation and principles of BJJ as well as the skills you need to grow personally in a Jiu-Jitsu
 BOOK NOW

 ## ADVANCED Take your training beyond the fundamentals and begin to hone the principles you need to succeed and discipline in Jiu-Jitsu
 BOOK NOW

 ## BLACK BELT This program is designed to help students achieve Black Belt excellence. Come To Train!
 BOOK NOW

 ## JIU-JITSU IS FOR EVERYONE, INCLUDING YOU!
 We offer a wide variety of adult Jiu-Jitsu classes, allowing students to choose the option that best meets their needs. Additionally, we structure our classes into three levels, each specifically designed for different skill and knowledge levels.
 Similarly, children’s Jiu-Jitsu classes start by teaching the essential fundamentals of the art. In fact, we have carefully structured our curriculum to help children and teens develop a strong understanding of routine, cooperation, and self-awareness.

 Continents
 + 0

 Schools around the world
 0

 Years of history
 + 0

 Black belts formed
 + 0

 ## About Carlos Gracie Jr
 Carlos Gracie Jr., born on January 17, 1956, grew up immersed in his family’s fighting tradition. His father, Carlos Gracie Sr., along with influential relatives like Helio and Rolls Gracie, taught him from an early age. He spent his formative years training and living with other Gracie children at a communal ranch in Teresópolis. This experience shaped his philosophy of community living, which he later expanded at Gracie Barra, leading to his success in various professional fields.

 ## HEAD INSTRUCTOR
 ## PROFESSOR MARIO LEMOS
 Professor Mário Lemos is the Head Instructor at Gracie Barra South Portland. A seasoned Black Belt, he has over 18 years of experience in Jiu-Jitsu. He trained in Brazil until 2016 and then moved to Boston. He trained and taught at Gracie Barra Boston until 2021, when he opened Gracie Barra South Portland, Maine. Dedicated to technical excellence and personal growth, Professor Mário empowers students of all ages and levels to achieve their full potential, both on and off the mats.

 ## STUDENT REVIEWS

 Listen to the stories of those who train here. For many students at Gracie Barra South Portland, walking through our doors was the decision that changed their lives forever. Beyond the physical benefits of weight loss and self-defense, they found unshakable confidence, mental clarity, and a supportive community that feels like family. These testimonials are proof that Jiu-Jitsu is a powerful tool for personal transformation. Watch this video to see how our program has positively impacted their daily lives and why they consider joining our school the best choice they ever made. Your own transformation story starts here!

 ## Schedule at gb South Portland

 Instagram

 - HOME - PROGRAMS - SCHEDULE - ABOUT US - CONTACT US

 BOOK NOW
