---
source_url: http://www.bainbridgefma.com/
final_url: https://bainbridgefma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:21.974Z
---

# Reach your full potential with Family Martial Arts Academy! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!

 # Reach your full potential with Family Martial Arts Academy! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!

 “The amount of work and fun the instructors put into these classes for the kids is above any other program I have seen.”
 Lance Richards

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Little Dragons (Ages 4-5) Little Champions (Ages 6-9) Future Black Belts (Ages 10-14) Birthday Parties -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Family Martial Arts Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Little Dragons (Ages 4-5)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Little Champions (Ages 6-9)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Future Black Belts (Ages 10-14)
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Birthday Parties
 Try something new this year with a martial arts-themed birthday party in a real martial arts school!
 View Program

 DIRECTIONS TO OUR NEW LOCATION
 ## OUR NEW ADDRESS
 A few hundred yards north of Bainbridge Rental and a little south of Modern Collision
 Look for the North Pacific Mini Storage Sign
 Follow the driveway up
 We are on the second floor of storage unit 3
 Request More Information

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Lance Richards "The amount of work and fun the instructors put into these classes for the kids is above any other program I have seen."

 Afshan Tabazadeh My son has been going to FMA for over 10 years and I can honestly say that it has been the most positive experience for him. Rick is an amazing coach with the most positive outlook on life. He has taught my son more than just martial arts. He has shown him perseverance and how to conduct himself. My son is always excited about going to martial arts and he is now helping with the younger kids and absolutely loves it. I definitely recommend FMA to anyone who is considering martial arts for their child.

 Kelly Avila We knew from the very beginning that signing up our son at Family Martial Arts Academy was the right decision. Sifu Rick immediately helped my son, who has no prior experience with martial arts, feel welcome and empowered to excel. Not just with his martial arts skills, but with life skills as well. There is strong emphasis for students to be focused, have respect, and work hard in a positive and supportive environment. There is lots of individual attention with each student and with clear communication. Our son LOVES his martial arts classes!

 Heather Huckett This has been the most helpful experience for my son since the pandemic began. We have been overwhelmed by the joy and sense of accomplishment our son feels being part of this community. Every day our son asks us "How can I help you" which is entirely credited to Sifu Rick and his son's approach to working with these kids. I just can't say enough about how great this has been for my son's personal growth and sense of self. All kids need physical activity and a sense of accomplishment. Just as adults need to practice self-care, so do our kids! The balance of discipline and fun is age appropriate.
 KICKBOXING FOR ADULTS
 This is a must try... I felt confident, happy, and the activity itself is very therapeutic. Again, cannot recommend this enough. It has been a long two years. Work this into your self-care routine!

 Kristen Ferguson Sifu Rick is an exceptional teacher and creates such a fun and motivating environment for learning, his love and skill are evident in every class and our son absolutely adores it. We especially appreciate the attention he gives to teaching how the discipline of martial arts translates into everyday life for the kids. We love the class and definitely recommend, it's wonderful.

 Steven Bohlman Great programming thoughtful, organized and welcoming. My children enjoy their classes and look forward to them each week

 Kathy Landess My granddaughter loves attending your classes!

 Natalie Sifu Rick is amazing with kids! He is an excellent instructor that clearly just loves hos work. He provides a balanced approach to providing positive encouragement and still holding kids to high standards - you don’t just automatically get a sticker or move up a belt just because you showed up. My son has been attending this dojo for 2 years and is still very invested and I give credit to Sifu Rick for motivating him. Highly recommend.

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE & SPECIAL WEB OFFER!
 ## REQUEST INFORMATION
 Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 Get Started Today
