---
source_url: https://conceptjiu-jitsu.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes/
final_url: https://conceptjiu-jitsu.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:20.052Z
---

- 727-966-2206 - 25022 U.S. 19 N, Clearwater, FL 33763

 Menu

 # Clearwater Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Now Offering In-Person Classes!

 ## Get One Life-Changing Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Clearwater... COMPLETELY FREE!

 “I can’t believe the difference.” Our amazing Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is offering classes here in Clearwater! Boosts your child’s focus, respect, confidence, and social skills… while they have FUN.

 Everything included:

 1 FREE Trial Class

 Experienced Instructors

 - 25022 U.S. 19 N, Clearwater, FL 33763

 Children must be at least 4 years old.

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your pass today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 Parents Name
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Grapplers 4-6 Lil Grapplers 7-12

 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Concept Jiu-Jitsu. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Children's BJJ Program

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their jiu-jitsu classes.

 Do Parents Need To Stay?
 We don’t require parents to stay during classes. However, we do find that parents who get involved with their kids jiu-jitsu lessons, truly build a solid connection as they see their child grow in confidence and skill as they progress through their belt ranks. And building strong family units is important to us at Concept Jiu-Jitsu for our Clearwater community.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My Child's First Lesson?
 Make sure they come in comfortable form-fitting athletic attire! A shirt that covers the shoulders and a pair of shorts/leggings works wonderfully.
 Be sure to bring plenty of water. You will find that the classes at Concept Jiu-Jitsu are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class.

 My Child Has ADHD, Will Martial Arts Help?
 Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes, is that it’s an individual sport, done in a group environment. We find all our students improve in their focus, self control, discipline and social skills. But the best part is…. They don’t even realize it! They just think they are having fun!
 The best way to find out for yourself, is to take advantage of our free trial class. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. Book in now! You will be glad you did!

 How Old Does My Child Need To Be?
 Jiu-jitsu is a fantastic sport for kids of all ages, and we start training children as young as 4 years old ! That’s usually the age where they really begin to engage and enjoy learning on the mats.

 Are Parents Allowed to Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their jiu-jitsu lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 My Child Is Not Athletic, Will They Feel Left Out?
 Not at all. You will find that jiu-jitsu classes are the PERFECT sport for kids who are not good at sports. Kids jiu-jitsu classes are an individual activity, that they do in a group setting.
 Jiu-jitsu can improve coordination, balance, motor skills, focus, and discipline. Plus, they’ll make lots of great friends!
 Our Instructors are highly skilled, and r eally… It’s their PASSION!

 My Child Is Addicted To Computer Games, Will This Be Suitable?
 This is probably the BEST kids activity for children who sit a lot!
 Getting them active, without them realising they are learning, is our skill.
 Many Clearwater parents find that once their kids start jiu-jitsu, they see a happier, more social child develop right before their eyes. You’ll be glad they started classes!
 PLUS…. Most kids LOVE being ninjas!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your pass today!

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 Parents Name
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Grapplers 4-6 Lil Grapplers 7-12

 GET MY CLASS PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Concept Jiu-Jitsu. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
