---
source_url: https://conceptjiu-jitsu.com
final_url: https://conceptjiu-jitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:20.703Z
---

- Admin@conceptjiu-jitsu.com - 727-966-2206

 Menu

 # Best Martial Arts School in Clearwater

 Find out why so many people in Clearwater turn to Concept Jiu-Jitsu for their martial arts training. Adults, teens, and children are welcome! Unlock your full potential! Request more information or get started today with our exclusive online only offer!

 ## SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Program 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Grapplers 4-6 Lil Grapplers 7-12 Teen Jiu-Jitsu 15-17 Adult Jiu-Jitsu 18+

 Parent's Name
 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Concept Jiu-Jitsu. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 ## Watch a sample instruction from our adult class

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Martial Arts Programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Clearwater martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Concept Jiu-Jitsu Clearwater are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer… The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Clearwater martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 We typically recommend some form fitting athletic clothing!
 Be sure to bring plenty of water! You will find that jiu jitsu is a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult jiu jitsu classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! Our experienced instructors focus on keeping their teaching simple, effective, and accessible for all experience levels. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop an amazing amount of skill in no time! Come see for yourself!

 ### Concept Jiu-Jitsu Clearwater

 We’re located at 25022 U.S. 19 N , stop by and say hello!
