---
source_url: https://karateaz.com/karate-classes-chandler-arizona/
final_url: https://karateaz.com/karate-classes-chandler-arizona/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:15.102Z
---

Karate Classes

 # Traditional Japanese Shotokan Karate School

 ##### At JKA Karate of Arizona, we teach traditional Japanese Shotokan Karate to all ages, including seniors and children. Whether you’re aiming to compete, set your fitness, build self-defense skills, sharpen your focus, improve mental well-being, or simply blow off some steam, our Chandler dojo is here to help you reach your goals with expert instruction and a supportive community.

 # Karate Classes

 ##### Develop fitness, boost confidence and build character with our karate classes. Located conveniently in Mesa, AZ, our martial arts programs are designed by trained professionals to assist you in getting into the best shape of your life while learning a valuable self-defense discipline.
 Karate offers tons of mental, physical and social benefits, and is suitable for people of all ages and fitness levels. It’s incredibly easy to get started – so why not contact our team and enroll yourself in a beginners’ martial arts class in Mesa, Arizona today?

 # Kids Karate Classes

 ##### Why not provide your kids with the lifelong gifts of confidence, discipline, personal success, and self-defense? Karate classes can really help your children to grow in character. While it’s true that martial arts help children to become strong, safe and physically fit, there is way more to the discipline of karate than physical prowess.
 It has been proven that karate can help children who lack self-esteem or confidence to realize their full potential through the positive mental attitude fostered in karate training. It’s a safe and effective way to positively impact the life and wellbeing of your children without the need for therapy, medicine or arguments. Instead, karate empowers your children while teaching them valuable life skills like humility and respect, at the same time as promoting a healthy lifestyle and fitness regime.

 ### Become a Member Today!

 ##### Stop by our Dojo or Call us today to start on a journey that will transform your life! We invite you to become the next link in the chain of traditional Shotokan Karate by joining our Japan Karate Association!

 Contact Us

 # Event Calendar

 # Have More Questions? Contact Us!

 # Follow and Subscribe

 Call Now
