---
source_url: https://karateaz.com
final_url: https://karateaz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:15.149Z
---

習う (Lessons)
 習う Lessons Group and private lessons. Students of all ages are welcome, from kids to seniors.

 授業料 (Tuition)
 授業料 Tuition Check the current tuition prices and upcoming class schedule. Download waivers and more.

 道場 (Dojo Location)
 道場 Dojo Location We are located inside the Chandler-Gilbert YMCA. More locations coming!

 ### Mission Statement ##### “Since 1971, JKA Arizona has upheld the highest standards of the Japan Karate Association — building strength, character, and lifelong friendships through training and cultural exchange.”

 ### Become a Member Today!

 ##### Stop by our Dojo or Call us today to start on a journey that will transform your life! We invite you to become the next link in the chain of traditional Shotokan Karate by joining our Japan Karate Association!

 Contact Us

 # Karate Classes

 ##### Develop fitness, boost confidence and build character with our karate classes. Located conveniently in Chandler, AZ, our martial arts programs are designed by trained professionals to assist you in getting into the best shape of your life while learning a valuable self-defense discipline.
 Karate offers tons of mental, physical and social benefits, and is suitable for people of all ages and fitness levels. It’s incredibly easy to get started – so why not contact our team and enroll yourself in a beginners’ martial arts class in Chandler, Arizona today?

 # Kids Karate Classes

 ##### Why not provide your kids with the lifelong gifts of confidence, discipline, personal success, and self-defense? Karate classes can really help your children to grow in character. While it’s true that martial arts help children to become strong, safe and physically fit, there is way more to the discipline of karate than physical prowess.
 It has been proven that karate can help children who lack self-esteem or confidence to realize their full potential through the positive mental attitude fostered in karate training. It’s a safe and effective way to positively impact the life and wellbeing of your children without the need for therapy, medicine or arguments. Instead, karate empowers your children while teaching them valuable life skills like humility and respect, at the same time as promoting a healthy lifestyle and fitness regime.

 # Become a Member of JKA Arizona

 ##### To join, come to our JKA Arizona dojo during a regularly schedule beginner or combination class. Your first class is FREE and you don’t need to be in uniform for your trial class. If you have questions you would like answered before coming, please contact us.

 - EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. - Name* First Last - Email* - Phone - Message* - CAPTCHA

 # Follow and Subscribe

 Call Now
