---
source_url: https://www.newazabjj.com/post/jiu-jitsu-for-teenagers-important
final_url: https://www.newazabjj.com/post/jiu-jitsu-for-teenagers-important
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:22.446Z
---

Search

 “I would not be here if it weren’t for Jiu-Jitsu.”

 -Eddie Fyvie

 Do you want to help nurture teenagers’ maturity?

 Do you want to surround them with positive and influential people?

 Do you want them to move into adulthood with serious self-defense skills?

 If you want to fast track their maturity and insure their future, the best policy is jiu-jitsu.

 The secret to my success is largely based around the fact that I have been surrounded by driven, motivated, and successful ADULTS since adolescence.

 I was still influenced by my peers at school, but by and large, the friendships I held onto, and the lessons that formed me, were developed with the people I met on the mats.

 Most teenagers are surrounded by peers at school and we can only hope that they find their way into the right friendships.

 “He is going to get you into trouble. She is bad news. You have to stay away from her. She smokes and drinks. They aren’t good to be around.”

 These are the types of stories we hear.

 Jiu-jitsu is one of the rare activities where they will have peers their age practicing, but also be in a class surrounded by adults as well.

 This environment breeds maturity.

 When I was a teenager in jiu-jitsu, people would ALWAYS comment on how “mature” I was. This was attributed to the fact that some of my best friends were successful adults with successful lives.

 Your kids are going to go to college or leave the nest at some point and they are going to be on their own. The years between 13 and 18 are the most important time to prepare them for maturity, yet they go to house parties on the weekends, chat on Facebook all night, and play video games for four hours a day.

 This to me, doesn’t seem like the fast track to maturity.

 Entrepreneur and business consultant Tai Lopez talks about the rule of 33%. It is based around this idea:

 33% of your time with people you can help 33% of your time with your peers 33% of your time with people who can mentor you

 You will be helping people, you will be enjoying your time with equals, and you will be challenging yourself with people “above” you (mentors). This is so true.

 I’m telling you this right now, Friday night high school parties will be replaced with Friday night jiu-jitsu sessions. Even if they go out after jiu-jitsu, they aren’t going to want to ruin SATURDAY morning’s practice.

 Every single person on the jiu-jitsu mat is someone who is searching for betterment in some regard. The art of jiu-jitsu has shaped me, but the individuals practicing the art have quite possibly played a bigger role.

 At 18 years old, I was a professional MMA fighter and was teaching my community jiu-jitsu. I was beyond my years and I owe it all to the people I was surrounded with during my TEEN YEARS.

 Start them now.
