---
source_url: https://www.newazabjj.com
final_url: https://www.newazabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:24.386Z
---

## Join us
 ## Classes for all ages and skill levels.
 Start Today

 Kids Program
 ## Developing life skills

 ##### Empowering kids ##### Program
 In our programs we instill in our students the qualities that will help them throughout their lives. Through the principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu our students learn that respect, discipline, dedication, humility, focus, hard work
 ​

 More Info

 ##### Brazilian ##### Jiu Jitsu ##### Program
 This class focuses on strategy; it was designed to help the member develop proficiency and heightened awareness. Traditionally Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is practiced in a Gi or Kimono, because the burden the gi places on the body eliminates many physical advantages so the participant is forced to focus on technique.

 More Info

 ##### Self Defense Program
 Newaza SELF DEFENSE program is developed for teenagers and adults. In this program, you will learn the 67 core techniques of Jiu-Jitsu self-defense (also known as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or BJJ) in a fun, safe, and cooperative environment. Each one-hour lesson addresses one standing or one ground self-defense technique, which are further broken down into simplified drills to facilitate the learning process.

 More Info

 ##### No Gi Class
 ### No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu is a dynamic self-defense system that focuses on applying the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu without the traditional uniform. In No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu the goal is to gain a dominant position using joint-locks and choke holds, forcing your opponent to submit. Much of the ground game aspect of what you see in mixed martial arts (MMA) is learned in No-Gi training and can be applied to everyday situations.
 More Info

 ### ABOUT US
 Newaza Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Club was founded in 2013 from a dream Professor Rogerio Sena and Professor John Romano had to spread the art of Jiu-Jitsu to friends. The vision for the academy was to have a closed club with a few members that wanted to learn on an environment that focused solely on jiu-jitsu instead of following the popular trend of being a MMA school. Due to the great success of the club, Professor Rogerio Sena decided to grow and spread the wings in 2014 taking the club into a bigger place. Today, Newaza Brazilian jiu-jitsu have members and competitors that continue to spread their innovative style of jiu-jitsu. We created more classes and also added Kids Empowered Classes to our schedule. Our vision still the same as in 2013, quality over quantity to bring the best to our students.

 Read More

 ### CONTACT US
 Feel free to come on in and say hello or you can reach us by phone, email or the short contact form below. We look forward to talking to you!

 489 Electric Ave
 Fitchburg,MA 01420
 newazabjj@aol.com
 978 696-5417

 Fill out the short form below and we will get in back in touch with you as quickly as possible (usually within a few hours)

 Send
 Success! Message received.

 contact
