---
source_url: http://graciecincinnati.com/projects
final_url: https://www.graciecincinnati.com/projects
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:14.855Z
---

# Adult Classes

 ### Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals This class is designed to give students a solid understanding of the core techniques of Jiu-Jitsu, Jiu-Jitsu specific conditioning, body movement and self-defense.
 The curriculum centers around the most commonly encountered self-defense scenarios and the teaches the techniques needed to deal with them. In order to maximize your learning potential, this course is taught with a monthly positional theme. The revolving curriculum allows us to effectively cycle through the most essential Jiu-Jitsu techniques within a logical, systematic progression. This allows for tangible, repeatable results, fast.
 It is an open class for all skill levels in the Cincinnati area.

 ### ADVANCED JIU-JITSU This class focuses on transitions and combinations, as well as more advanced movements and techniques that address scenarios which occur less often in an attack with and untrained opponent. This class expands outside of the fundamental self-defense curriculum and includes aspects of competitive Jiu-Jitsu applications and more intensive self-defense scenarios including sparring with strikes both standing and grappling. Class begins with a warm-up and ends with situational drilling.
 This is a closed class. You must rank Blue belt or above to attend.

 ### NO GI INTERMEDIATE JIU-JITSU This class is Jiu-Jitsu practiced without the traditional uniform, Kimono or Gi. In this class aspects of submission grappling as well as wrestling are merged with Jiu-Jitsu concepts of positional strategy and movement.
 Live sparring and drilling is included at the end of every class.

 ### SKILLS AND DRILLS Open to all experience levels, the skills and drills class is designed to turn the theory of the Jiu-Jitsu techniques learned in our fundamentals class and put them to use in a practical application. Through high repetition drilling and situation sparring, students will develop a deeper understanding of timing, weight distribution and angles. This a fantastic class to help take your training to new levels.

 ### OPEN MAT During open mat students drill, train, and spar with other members to improve physical performance and increase technical ability. Students can train with or without the kimono during open mat.
