---
source_url: http://www.underdogmma.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://underdogmma.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:42.293Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in West Hartford ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Underdog Mixed Martial Arts. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Combine The Best Aspects Of Self-Defense In Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes Underdog Mixed Martial Arts is an official affiliate of the Soulfighters Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu team under Rafael "Formiga" Barbosa. Our mission is to carry on the legacy of the Soulfighters style of Jiu-Jitsu in CT by providing our students with high quality and authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training. We train both traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (with a Gi) and Submission Grappling (No-Gi). The opportunity to obtain belt ranking is given for traditional Gi training.
 Rank is awarded, rather, EARNED as a student progresses in skill level. At UMMA, your rank means something! Belts are not just given away or purchased. They are a reflection of a students demonstrated ability in class and in competition.
 Whether you are looking for a fun way to stay in shape or want to compete at the highest levels , training at Underdog will help to prepare you for your goal. We have classes at all different levels, with beginner level classes to help you get started and all levels classes where you can continue to sharpen your skills.
 Get More Information!
 ## What Can You Expect From Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes? BJJ is a total-body training system that challenges you to maintain leverage and control over an opponent of any size. This sport is all about developing timing, momentum, and efficient technique in order to successfully submit your opponent.
 At Underdog Mixed Martial Arts, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are perfect for people of all experience levels. We train in a safe, ego-free environment where you can feel challenged without fearing injury or intimidation.
 We're helping people all across Hartford learn:
 - Takedowns and transitions from the standing position - Leverage and body control on the ground - Effective locks, chokes, and holds over any opponent - Proven submission strategies to help you come out on top
 ## Join Underdog Mixed Martial Arts For The Best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu In West Hartford If you are looking for a new way to train, come see us at Underdog Mixed Martial Arts. All you have to do is fill out the short form on the side of this screen or click below to request more information.
 Get More Information!

 If you are looking for the real deal, if you are serious about becoming a proficient fighter, Underdog is the only place for you! There is no other mixed martial arts gym in the Hartford area that has what Underdog offers. Boxing, Muay Thai, Wrestling and MMA training. Pad work, technique, sparring drills, full contact sessions, Underdog has got it all. Beginners and those of all skill levels get to mix it up with and learn from elite professional fighters. The head coach and owner, Russell Leak, is a true teacher. Russell is dedicated, passionate and has the rare ability to truly train and improve his students. Having dabbled in martial arts and kickboxing as a teenager, I thought I knew a thing or two. Flash forward a decade a two. I found myself searching high and low in the Hartford area for a serious gym where you lace up gloves and don’t just do line drills. I finally found Hartford’s best kept secret, Underdog. I am humbled. With a premier coach and pro fighters as sparring partners, I have learned how much I don’t know. Coach is working with me from scratch and helping me learn one skill at a time. Sparring sessions aren’t about getting knocked out, rather in this community atmosphere, more experienced members help you understand your weaknesses and how to improve. I am glad to be part of this amazing and unique gym!

 In 2009, I had to relocate to Hartford Connecticut to continue my career at Nabisco. Moving into a new city is never easy and I found myself bored and with a lot of downtime. Being a true and passionate fan of mixed martial arts, I decided that I would try and find a gym to start training. After calling a few local gyms in the area, I was able to call Underdog. Sifu Russell Leak picked up. That moment was of one of my most life-changing experiences to date. Underdog BJJ provided me top-notch training in both martial arts and strength & conditioning. Furthermore, they accepted me as family and took me in as one of their own. The coaches and instructors at the academy provided me with mentorship and guidance that carried on beyond the mats. They believed in me and gave me the discipline and ability to challenge myself in all aspects of life. They made my goals their own goals and did everything in their power to provide me with the tools necessary to achieve success. Five years later, I firmly believe I would not have the confidence, the maturity, or the work ethic I have without the foundation Underdog provided for me. My athletic and martial arts skills set has grown exponentially since being a student from the academy, but the lessons taught off the mat have been just as important in my life.

 I joined Underdog two years ago after fighting for a few other gyms, and the fight team and trainers made me feel like family. I worked full time and the team and trainers helped work with my schedule and put me through an excellent fight camp. The team really cares about everyone here and the training is excellent. It is comforting to know you have the support of this team and the work outs are outstanding.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
