---
source_url: https://lenyjiujitsuacademy.com
final_url: https://www.lenyjiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:28.290Z
---

# TRAIN, LEARN, HAVE FUN.

 FREE TRIAL
 FREE TRIAL

 ## “WE’RE A HIGH QUALITY GYM DEDICATED TO TEACHING JIU-JITSU FOR ALL AGES IN A POSITIVE ENVIRONMENT.”

 Leny Jiu Jitsu Academy offers world-class instruction in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and submission grappling. Coach Ben Leny’s instructional experience, competition background, and technical knowledge can help you excel in this sport, whether your goal is personal growth, being part of a team, or competing at the highest levels. Discover what makes us truly special below.

 ### Classes Here at Leny Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we offer classes for both Kids Ages 4 and up and Adults. We offer Special Rates for Military, Police Officers and Fire Fighters.

 ### Kids Classes 4 and up Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes are 60 minutes and designed to teach beginner level skills in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Our goal is to help provide the skills for your child to grow in their confidence, respect, and healthy mental/physical abilities all while having fun and enjoying themselves.

 ### Adult Classes 15+ Our Adult Jiu-Jitsu classes are 90 minutes and are designed for beginners-advanced practitioners.

 ### SCHEDULE A FREE TRIAL CLASS Take a quick tour of our gym, take a class and decided if you want us as a part of your Jiu-Jitsu journey. You’ll have the opportunity to experience class, get to know the coaches, and chat/ask any questions you might have. Please try to arrive 15 minutes before your free trial class.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 #### “Ben is a superb teacher, motivator, and technician. He elevates every aspect of the martial arts experience. Leny Jiu Jitsu gets my sincere endorsement as a quality training experience. -Thomas Alonzo
 Owner of Once Upon a Time Home Health

 #### “I moved to SATX 10 years ago and walked into Brazilian Top Team as a Purple Belt. I had been training on and off for 10 plus years and know my way around the mats. Ben Leny’s instruction and teaching were worlds above my previous coaches. Ben coached and mentored me twice at the IBJJF Masters Worlds Championship where I took second in GI and NO-GI. Without Ben’s coaching and instruction I wouldn’t have been able to achieve that level of success. Ben is one of the best teachers and coaches that I have ever worked with. “ Kevin Edgerton
 Owner of 18A Fitness
 CPT, SF RET

 ### SOUTHTOWN 1407 S. ST. MARYS SUITE B
 SAN ANTONIO TX 78210
