---
source_url: https://averittjiujitsu.com/adults/
final_url: https://averittjiujitsu.com/adults/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:38.872Z
---

## Adult Jiu-Jitsu
 ## Monday, Wednesday (Gi): 7:15 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.
 ## Tuesday & Thursday (No-Gi): 7:15 p.m. - 8:30p.m.
 ## Friday (Open Mat): 6:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.
 ## Sat (Gi): 9:00 a.m. - 10:30 a.m.

 ## best jiu-jitsu in town
 ## Real technique, put into practice.
 At Averitt Jiu-Jitsu, we believe martial arts should prepare you for real life. Our students don’t just memorize moves — they practice proven self-defense techniques against resisting partners in a safe, supportive environment.
 From kids gaining confidence, to women learning real-world defense, to adults sharpening their fitness and skills, BJJ empowers every student. With competition-tested techniques and a welcoming family atmosphere, Averitt Jiu-Jitsu is where martial arts meet reality.

 Get 1 Free Class

 ## righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ● righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ●righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ●

 ## upgrade your life
 ## A few benefits of jiu-jitsu training...

 ### Increase focus A by-product of jiu-jitsu training that will leak into every facet of your daily life. We promise your productivity will improve dramatically.

 ### Relieve stress There's nothing like physical exertion to help you work through the everyday pressures that life brings. Come to class, and leave it all on the mat!

 ### Get in shape Are you ready for the best workout of your life? Because we'll give it to you, every single class. Get strong and get shredded!

 ### Defend yourself If a physical altercation doesn't end in the first 5 seconds, guaranteed it will finish on the ground. Learn how to protect yourself.

 ### Build confidence Proficiency in jiu-jitsu and improved physical fitness will have you holding your head high, and looking strangers in the eye.

 ### Renewed self-image Progressing through jiu-jitsu training, and achieving new physical accomplishments will do wonders for how you feel about yourself.

 Get 1 Free Class
