---
source_url: https://averittjiujitsu.com/kids/
final_url: https://averittjiujitsu.com/kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:39.836Z
---

## Kids & Teens Jiu-Jitsu
 ## Monday, Wednesday (Gi): 6:15 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.
 ## Tuesday, Thursday (No-Gi): 6:15 p.m. - 7:15 p.m.

 ## Building Character
 ## Parents & grandparents love us!
 Averitt Jiu-Jitsu offers training in a fun, relaxed environment, but we also take the sport seriously. We train hard. We improve our skills. And we compete.
 We teach discipline, respect, grit and the value of sportsmanship. Check out our testimonials from some of the parents of our kids & teens program.
 Our Jiu Jitsu program is the ultimate vehicle for character development. Bring your child and watch them improve in the home and in school.

 Get 1 Free Class

 ## righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ● righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ●righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ●

 ## More than self-defense
 ## We focus on character development

 ### Discipline Jiu-jitsu requires focus, calm, and careful consideration. All tenants of discipline that are constantly reinforced every single class.

 ### Patience Jiu-jitsu is not a simple skill. It takes a lot of practice and repetition. We teach that patience in training leads to progression and acheivement.

 ### Perseverance Physical skills like jiu-jitsu don't come instantly. It takes practice. The achievements (like earning a belt) reinforce this lesson.

 Get 1 Free Class

 ### Courage Our students are gently led just a little outside their comfort zone, every single class. This builds courage and confidence, fast.
