---
source_url: https://averittjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://averittjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:42.504Z
---

- Winner: Best of Flagstaff 2025 Back-to-Back Best Martial Arts Training in Flagstaff! In all of our jiu-jitsu classes, we focus on character development and mental toughness along with physical skills. In all of our jiu-jitsu classes, we focus on character development and mental toughness along with physical skills. - We like to roll. best shape of your life You'll never catch us just standing around. We train hard and we roll every day. You'll never catch us just standing around. We train hard and we roll every day. - We like to compete. Premier BJJ school in flagstaff Ready to get serious about your jiu-jitsu abilities? We are the premier competition school in town. We train smart and we win gold medals. Ready to get serious about your jiu-jitsu abilities? We are the premier competition school in town. We train smart and we win gold medals. - Everyone is welcome. Come visit anytime Whether you’re new to BJJ or a seasoned veteran, walking into our gym is like coming home. Whether you’re new to BJJ or a seasoned veteran, walking into our gym is like coming home.
 - - - -

 ## Strength
 Our training will get you in the best shape of your life, both physically and mentally.

 Get strong

 ## Competition
 Although this is not a requirement to advance towards the black belt, we are the premier competition school in town. We train hard and we win gold medals.

 Compete with us

 ## Community
 Whether you’re new to BJJ or a seasoned veteran, walking into the gym is coming home.

 Join the family

 ## Join our gym
 ## Unlimited Gi & Nogi classes & high-quality BJJ training

 Adults program info
 New to BJJ? Our submission grappling training is so user-friendly your grandma could do it!

 Kids & Teens program info
 New to BJJ? Our submission grappling training is so user-friendly your grandma could do it!

 ## OUR MISSION
 ## We lift each other up through the sport of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Averitt Jiu-Jitsu offers training in a fun, relaxed environment, but we also take the sport seriously. We train smart. We improve our skills. And we compete.
 We’re the school of choice for all skill levels. Even complete beginners will find a home in our dojo.
 Our mission is to teach people to engage constructively in martials arts and in life.
 Come roll with us, and we’ll show you what you’re truly capable of.

 Get 1 Free Class

 ## righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ● righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ●righteous friendship ● noble guidance ● consistent training ●

 ## WHY CHOOSE US?
 ## The highest standards anywhere.
 ## High-quality BJJ
 We don’t water down our Jiu-Jitsu. Just ask any of our students. We train smart and we roll every day.

 ## Easy to Learn
 New to BJJ? Our submission grappling training is so user-friendly your grandma could do it!

 ## Great Culture
 Our gym is like a family. We work together. We lift each other up. We succeed as one.

 ## Competition
 As the premier competition school in Flagstaff, we’ve helped countless students win gold medals.

 Come give it a try

 “I have 10 plus years of wrestling experience and I have been humbled by the technique and skill taught at Averitt Jiu Jitsu. Professor Greg is a fantastic teacher, super knowledgeable and a BADASS. It has been great learning from him and rolling with all the athletes at Averitt jiu jitsu. "

 Jackson Physical therapist

 “Averitt Jiu Jitsu has helped my mental and physical health. It has been such a great stress reliever and the people here are super welcoming to all skill levels. The coaches and classmates are uplifting and supportive. I can't recommend Averitt jiu jitsu enough. "

 Sophia NAU Student

 “I checked out Averitt Jiu Jitsu after thinking of joining another Jiu Jitsu studio. But I found that Averitt Jiu Jitsu was much more my style. No crazy corporate fees, and the environment is fun. I am also ripped after one month of training. Love it!"

 Madelyn NAU Student

 “I am very thankful I stepped outside my comfort zone. Everyone has been so welcoming and open to helping and teaching me. Averitt Jiu Jitsu creates an atmosphere that makes me excited to come each week and become a better me. "

 Kambrie Physical Therapist

 “I appreciate Averitt Jiu Jitsu for teaching my son much more than just a martial art, but also important life lessons. After just a few classes, I saw so much improvement and positive change in him. These life lessons will be with him for many years to come. The discipline and respect he has gained from this studio and these coaches are priceless."

 Brian Father Of Three

 “I started Averitt Jiu Jitsu for the workout. I have stayed with Averitt Jiu Jitsu for the community, the sense of accomplishment, the emotional outlet and the challenge of the sport. Coach Greg is respectful to his students, is a master of his art and has fostered the community of the school. We train hard and have fun. Life is good."

 Dominick Maggio, MD Emergency Room Doctor

 “My daughters love Averitt Jiu Jitsu. The coaches instruct the kids in such a positive way, both my daughters love their coaches and have learned good discipline."

 Duran Father of five

 “I have been so impressed with the kids' program. Not only are the instructors knowledgeable and effective teachers, they obviously care about helping kids develop lifelong skills, that extend beyond Jiu Jitsu. My son loves the physical aspects of the program and continues talking about what he learns all week long. All around fantastic!"

 Megan Mom of Two

 ## Recent events & news
 ## Here's what we've been up to lately.

 ## CLASS SCHEDULE
 ## Unlimited classes & high-quality jiu-jitsu
 #### Monday

 6:15 – 7:15 pm Kids Gi

 7:15 – 8:30 pm Adults Gi

 #### Tuesday

 6:15 – 7:15 pm Kids No-Gi

 7:15 – 8:30 pm Adults No-Gi

 #### Wednesday

 6:15 – 7:15 pm Kids Gi

 7:15 – 8:30 pm Adults Gi

 #### Thursday

 6:15 – 7:15 pm Kids No-Gi

 7:15 – 8:30 pm Adults No-Gi

 #### Friday

 6:30 – 8:30 pm Open Mat

 #### Saturday

 9:00 – 10:30 am Adults Gi

 #### Sunday

 #### First Time?

 #### Click Here to Claim Your Free 1-Day Pass Now!

 Get 1 Free Class
