---
source_url: http://www.badgercenter.com
final_url: https://badgercenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:08.476Z
---

MMA

 ### Strength-Discipline-Confidence # The Den ### Training center

 Get Started Today

 ### 18510 Yorba Linda Blvd, Yorba Linda CA, 92886

 ### Call: (714) 770-9755

 ## Try a week Pass for free Come and join us for a week and see what the hype is all about. Once you get a taste of the level of personal growth and physical improvement you can reach, we guarantee you’ll fall in love with our programs. Join the family and feel at home with our no pressure membership offers:

 Name
 Email Address
 submit

 ## Fitness Programs

 KickBoxing

 Catch Wrestling

 Womens Cardio Bootcamp

 Jiu Jitsu

 MMA Training

 Classes available for Kids & Adults

 Learn More

 ### As Low As ## $179/mo

 Join one of our monthly memberships to train in a specific program or sign up for our Unlimited membership and gain access to all classes

 Join Now

 ## $0 ### Try a week for free!

 ## Join more than a gymJoin Our Family We pride our selves in creating a safe environment for all levels to learn and develop their skills confidently. Egos aside, we work hard to share our knowledge and guide you through your fitness goals and success.
 More than a gym, we are a Training Center to grow your skills in any specific discipline, or choose our unlimited plan to attend all of our classes and gain the most success in everything that we offer.

 Become a Member

 Join Now

 ## Featured Programs We have programs designed for every fitness level. Try every class for a week and see which fits your personal goals.

 Sign Up for a Class

 ### Jiu Jitsu Whether your goal is to compete on a professional level or simply gain self-defense skills, the classes we offer will help you grow your skills and confidence to succeed

 ### Kids Program Kids will develop discipline and focus while building character and confidence to never be bullied. More importantly, they’ll learn to pursue their own personal goals in life with determination and grit

 ### Kickboxing We offer Cardio and Competitive classes to help you reach your fitness goals or gain enough experience to join our fight team to enter the Octagon and test yourself

 Learn More

 ## “

 ## Testimonials

 Become a Success Story

 The Den has best athletes and coaches. You won’t regret joining. I can’t think of any other place that has the same intensity in their training. It is a top location to train martial arts if you want to get the best training possible!

 Sergio Guerrero

 The instructors here, have the perfect balance of patience and firmness while teaching the kids class! My 8 year old son Mac is always excited to attend class. In addition to it being a fun place for him to release energy with his friends, more importantly, the classes teach him discipline, respect and enhance his confidence! The life skills that the courses provide are priceless!!

 Melody Simec

 Great School for the whole family. All the instructors are experienced active Champions. I highly recommend The Den Training Center.

 Melvin Wells

 My son trained with the coaches of The Den at a previous location. His interests changed throughout time and he focused on football, but once he heard that The Den was opening in Yorba Linda he couldn’t wait to get started again. The entire staff, but especially the coaching staff, make sure students and parents feel very comfortable. I have always found it intimidating to try and join a martial arts gym, but at The Den students of all skill sets are welcomed in like family. If you have a child that needs physical activity, endurance, confidence, and/or discipline I could not recommend The Den more. Such a wonderful addition to the Yorba Linda community!!

 Mike Macias

 succeed

 ### Gain Strength-Discipline-Confidence ## Join our family

 Name
 Email Address
 Message
 Submit

 ### Training Center H0urs Schedule ->

 ### Free 1-week Pass!
 Get STarted
