---
source_url: http://10thplanetjjnyc.com/
final_url: https://www.10thplanetjjnyc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:14.252Z
---

Home Cece Mena 2025-04-22T20:08:55+00:00 Try a Free Class

 # 10th Planet NYC NoGi Jiu Jitsu 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu NYC is the premier location for NoGi Jiu Jitsu in New York City for all skill levels, from beginner to advanced. Our head instructor Rey “StingReyRey” De Leon spent many years training and instructing NoGi Jiu Jitsu directly under Eddie Bravo at 10th Planet HQ in Los Angeles. The 10th Planet System focuses on submission grappling in a NoGi Jiu Jitsu environment, which is styled more towards Mixed Martial Arts than the traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 Sign Up Now

 ## WHY 10TH PLANET JIU JITSU NYC? At 10th Planet New York City Jiu Jitsu, our unique style is focused on world-class NoGi Jiu Jitsu training for all levels. The 10th Planet system teaches a revolutionary clinching NoGi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu form geared towards Mixed Martial Arts. You will learn a street-oriented style of self-defense to defend yourself in almost any situation that arises.
 Learning authentic and substantial self-defense skills tailored for the real world is a necessity to protect yourself from serious injury in real fights or dangerous situations. Whether your goal is competing against the highest level of grapplers, getting in shape, or learning something new, 10th Planet New York City Jiu Jitsu is ready to help you on your NoGi Jiu Jitsu journey.

 Try a Free Class

 ## LEARN ABOUT OUR CLASSES

 #### Intro to Jiu Jitsu
 Are you completely new to jiu-jitsu, BJJ, NoGi Jiu Jitsu or any form of grappling? Do you have zero experience or want to introduce someone to jiu-jitsu in a non-intimidating way? Perhaps you’d like to refresh your knowledge of the basics in your game? This class is designed for individuals like you!
 In this class, you will learn the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu, BJJ, NoGi Jiu Jitsu and more. The fundamentals provide a strong foundation that’ll support your future learning. You will be learning the basic principles of Jiu Jitsu and gather the “building blocks” upon which more advanced knowledge is built.
 Yes, even professionals and more advanced students should revisit and refine their basics and fundamentals periodically to maintain a strong foundation in their field of expertise, in this case, Jiu Jitsu, BJJ and NoGi Jiu Jitsu.

 #### Basics 1 & 2
 Our Brazilian NoGi Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals classes are designed to jumpstart your grappling journey, with a comprehensive curriculum, covering the essential Jiu Jitsu positions and submissions from top to bottom. You will learn everything you need to get started on your journey.

 #### Intermediate Class
 This class curriculum is designed for the beginner, the advanced and the students in between as everyone is welcome. It is a great opportunity for the beginning students to learn and train with the advanced students. We pride ourselves on the community we create, our mats are where every student has the atmosphere to train and feel welcomed.

 #### Advanced Class
 Students should have a solid understanding of basic Jiu Jitsu principles and the 10th Planet System, fluency in technique and body awareness as live sparring and high paced drilling will be at the core of the class

 #### Wrestling
 Students will learn how to utilize a combination of leverage, strong balance, and technical knowledge to crush opponents to the floor and work them towards submission from a dominant position, building a foundation of wrestling which can be applied to their Jiu Jitsu game.

 #### EBI Overtime
 In accordance with Eddie Bravo’s EBI tournament Overtime rules, this is a class that focuses on teaching students how to both escape and finish in two positions: the back position, and the spider web position. Practitioners of all levels are welcome to join.

 ## Subscribe to our Newsletter—receive updates on competitions and upcoming events * indicates required
 Email Address *
 First Name
 Last Name
