---
source_url: https://ronintrainingcenter.com
final_url: https://www.ronintrainingcenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:39.820Z
---

A FITNESS CENTER THAT WOULD GO TO ANY LENGTH TO TEACH THEIR CLIENTS HOW TO REACH THEIR GREATEST POTENTIAL

 ## Who Are We?
 Imagine a fitness center that is radically committed to the heart of healthy living, strength training, and martial arts. That’s Ronin Training Center. Whether you’re restless, discontent, new at discovering who you truly are and what you can achieve, you’re welcome here. We will work with you, person to person, with patience and understanding, integrity in instruction, and experienced techniques. We are Ronin, and we are here for you.

 Our Trainers
 Learn More
 Our Classes

 ## MEET OUR TRAINERS

 Trainers
 ## VITOR OLIVEIRA
 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## AARON BOGGS
 ## Muay Thai

 ## JOSH WILLIAMS
 ## MMA

 ## ETIENNE OTERO
 ## Judo

 ## CASY BOYER
 ## Krav Maga

 ## ROB RICHARDSON
 ## BOXING

 # CLASSES
 ###### Brazilian Jui Jitsu
 ###### Muay Thai
 ###### Mixed Martial Arts
 ###### RFit
 ###### Judo
 ###### Krav Maga
 ###### Boxing
 ###### Youth Muay Thai
 ###### Youth BJJ/Judo

 Classes

 #### RESPECT.
 #### DISCIPLINE.
 #### CONFIDENCE.

 # GET IN TOUCH
 ###### We'd Love to Hear from You
 ##### info@RoninTrainingCenter.com

 ##### Call or Text ##### 614-565-3787

 ##### Join us on Facebook

 ##### Instagram

 ##### Snapchat

 #### LOCATION
 #### STUDIO HOURS
 #### CONTACT US
 1012 West 3rd Ave. Columbus, Ohio  43212

 Mon-Wed-Fri: 8:00 am - 8:30 pm
 Tue-Thurs: 7:00 am - 8:30 pm
 Saturday: 9:00 am - 1:00 pm
 Sunday: 10:00 am - 1:00 pm
 ​
 *Front Desk Hours which do not reflect Class Times

 tel: 614-565-3787
 info@ronintrainingcenter.com

 ​

 Contact
