---
source_url: https://tacklejiujitsu.com/beginners-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://tacklejiujitsu.com/beginners-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:30.479Z
---

# Start with a Beginners Jiu Jitsu Class

 ## LEARN THE FUNDAMENTALS OF BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 No experience? No problem. Our jiu jitsu fundamentals class every Thursday is the perfect starting point for beginners to build confidence, improve fitness, and learn real self-defense in a safe, supportive environment.
 Whether you're looking to get in shape, relieve stress, or just trying somthing new, our beginner-friendly BJJ class in Middleburg Heights welcomes you to join the mat and get started!
 Meet our instructors

 ### Beginner-Friendly, Judgment-Free ## Start Your BJJ Journey With Tackle Jiu Jitsu
 We believe everyone deserves a chance to experience the incredible benefits of BJJ regardless of age, fitness level, or prior experience. Our fundamentals class is designed to provide a safe, supportive space where beginners can learn fundamentals at their own pace.
 From your very first step on the mat, you'll find patient instructors and a community that encourages questions, celebrates progress, and helps you build confidence.
 Learn what you can expect on your first day

 ### Build a Strong Foundation ## Learn Techniques in an Environment for Beginners
 Solid fundamentals are the key to long-term success. That's why our beginner classes focus on clear instruction, step-by-step techniques, and plenty of guidance from experienced coaches.
 Learn basic movements, positions, and submissions in a no-pressure environment designed specifically for new students. No need to feel overwhelmed—this is a space where questions are welcome, progress is celebrated, and every beginner feels at home.
 Get in touch with a member of our team

 ### Relaxed Vibes, Real Progress ## Supportive Instructors & Welcoming Teammates
 We've built a relaxed, welcoming environment where everyone from first-time beginners to experienced athletes feel supported and inspired.
 Our team and training partners are here to help you grow, challenge you to improve, and celebrate your progress along the way. With a no-pressure approach and a strong sense of community, you'll find it easier to stay consistent, have fun, and enjoy every step of your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey.
 Sign our waiver online and get started today

 Do you have questions? Let us know!
 Reach out and talk with one of our friendly staff members.

 Contact Us

 #### Contact 6909 Engle RdBuilding A - Suite 2Middleburg Heights, OH 44130
 contact@tacklejiujitsu.com
 (216) 202-0633

 #### Hours Mon day
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Tues day
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Wed nesday
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Thurs day
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Fri day
 5:30p - 9:00p

 Sat urday
 10:30a - 1:00p

 Sun day
 9:30a - 12:00p

 #### Navigation Home Schedule Pricing Our Gym FAQ Contact Blog Refund Policy Privacy Policy

 © 2025 All rights reserved by Tackle Jiu Jitsu LLC
 Powered by KNI Solutions & Fortify Your Data
