---
source_url: https://tacklejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://tacklejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:30.580Z
---

Welcome to Tackle Jiu Jitsu
 Train at Greater Cleveland's top Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Kickboxing gym for kids and adults of all experience levels. At Tackle Jiu Jitsu, our expert instructors create a supportive environment where beginners, hobbyists, and competitors thrive together as a team.
 Get Started with a Free Pass

 ### Build confidence in a safe, welcoming environment. # Train Hard with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Kickboxing in Middleburg Heights
 Whether you're brand new to brazilian jiu jitsu and kickboxing, or an experienced martial artist refining your technique, Tackle Jiu Jitsu offers expert instruction and a supportive environment for all skill levels.
 Just minutes from Berea, Strongsville, and Brunswick - come learn from accomplished BJJ and kickboxing instructors with years of experience on the mat. Develop new techniques, gain real world experience, and grow alongside a community of passionate grapplers from the Greater Cleveland area.
 Ready to Train? Let's Talk!

 ### LEARN Kids and adults of all skill levels can all learn from our talented and experienced instructors. We are ready to help you level up your game.

 ### TRAIN Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and kickboxing build discipline, confidence, and physical fitness while teaching valuable self-defense skills.

 ### COMPETE Push your comfort zone, apply your skills under pressure, and grow from real-world experience. Everyone is welcome, and everyone is supported.

 ### Become a well-rounded martial artist. ## BJJ and kickboxing programs for all ages

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Ages 4 - 13
 Our experienced and caring instructors will instill a love of martial arts through a structured curriculum by teaching respect, discipline, and focus on and off the mat. Watch as your child becomes more self-assured while learning essential life skills.
 Learn more about our kids program

 ### Adult Jiu Jitsu Classes Gain practical self-defense skills that empower you to navigate real-world situations with confidence. Embrace the challenge of learning a martial art while pushing your limits and achieving milestones you never thought possible.
 Learn more about our jiu jitsu program

 ### Kickboxing Classes Looking to boost your fitness? Want to improve your striking? Our Kickboxing program at Tackle Jiu Jitsu offers high-energy workouts that build strength, improve cardio, and teach real-world self-defense. Whether you're a beginner or experienced athlete, our coaches create a supportive environment for learning.
 Learn about our kickboxing program

 ### Competition At Tackle Jiu Jitsu, everyone is welcome to join our competition team and compete if they wish. Join a community of like-minded people who push each other to reach new heights, creating a supportive network that fuels your journey to the podium.
 Meet our passionate instructors

 Do you have questions? Let us know!
 Reach out and talk with one of our friendly staff members.

 Contact Us

 #### Contact 6909 Engle RdBuilding A - Suite 2Middleburg Heights, OH 44130
 contact@tacklejiujitsu.com
 (216) 202-0633

 #### Hours Mon day
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Tues day
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Wed nesday
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Thurs day
 6:00p - 9:00p

 Fri day
 5:30p - 9:00p

 Sat urday
 10:30a - 1:00p

 Sun day
 9:30a - 12:00p

 #### Navigation Home Schedule Pricing Our Gym FAQ Contact Blog Refund Policy Privacy Policy

 © 2025 All rights reserved by Tackle Jiu Jitsu LLC
 Powered by KNI Solutions & Fortify Your Data
