---
source_url: http://www.sardinhabjj.com/pages/what-is-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://sardinhabjj.com/pages/what-is-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:33.708Z
---

# What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 Known as "The Gentle Art" because you are able to apply technique without having to seriously injury your opponent or yourself. One of the best self-defense martial arts. With Brazilian Jiu Jitsu you are able to dominate and control even a larger opponent using leverage and technique. Mechanical Strength overpowers Physical Strength. BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves and others against a bigger, stronger, heavier assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint locks and choke holds to defeat the opponent. BJJ training can be used for fitness, sport grappling tournaments and in self-defense situations.

 ​
 BJJ is also known as a physical chess game; this is because you set up plans of attack and can control where you want your opponent to move so that you are able to "finish" the fight. Not only do you get a great workout, but you also work your mind. Most people say that when they leave Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, they feel more relaxed, less tense/stressed and have a clear head.
 Try it out and see for yourself:
 - Practical & Effective Self-Defense - Rapid Weight/Fat Loss - Improved Confidence and Courage - Enhanced Athleticism (strength, flexibility, balance, coordination, endurance, muscle tone) - Improve Mental Toughness and Discipline - More Energy - Less Stress - Better Focus at Work/School - Deeper Sleep - Better Attitude & Overall Happiness - Healthier Lifestyle
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FLOW YOGA
 Flow Yoga class w/ Coach Lori
 *you may bring your own yoga mat

 Benefits of Vinyasa Flow Yoga
 Range of motion: The variety of movements in a Vinyasa class means you will often be working through the whole body throughout a class and expand your range of motion by moving in ways you normally would not. This will help you avoid injuries in the future that could happen if you are always moving in the same way.

 Cardiovascular health: A Vinyasa class is great cardiovascular exercise, because it is often fast paced. Moving with your breath increases your heart rate and generates heat.

 Building strength: A consistent Vinyasa practice can help you build muscle throughout the whole body. In Vinyasa, you often work all parts of your body, which means you will build a balanced and functional strength.

 Stress relief: A Vinyasa class can be a moving meditation. The constant motion and rhythmical movement will help quiet the mind and allow you to focus inward. In this way, Vinyasa helps you connect the body and mind, calms the nervous system and can help relieve stress and anxiety.

 Connecting with the breath: Our breath holds a lot of power over our wellbeing. If we are shocked or tense, we hold our breath and automatically signal to the brain that we are uncomfortable, which in turn results in the brain producing adrenaline and cortisol (the “stress hormone”) to help us push through. Practicing connecting with the breath and breathing through pain and discomfort can be a very powerful tool in overcoming both physical and mental problems.

 All of these great benefits will improve your daily life as well as help you on your BJJ journey.
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Official Team Megaton Affiliate Team
