---
source_url: http://www.sardinhabjj.com/pages/sardinha-bjj
final_url: https://sardinhabjj.com/pages/sardinha-bjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:36.175Z
---

# Sardinha BJJ As Iron Sharpens Iron...
 With over 19 years of teaching experience, Prof. Sardinha welcomes students of all ages (starting at 5 yrs old) to come train, with us, at Sardinha BJJ!
 Beginners to Black Belts, we have training for you. Come be a part of a team that will welcome you like family!
 .

 Sardinha BJJ is all about empowering our community, whether it’s working with our youth on anti-bullying systems, working with women on functional self-defense or at our academy teaching our students to better themselves in every way, physical, mental and emotional strengths, we are honored to be able to help build a better world together.
 .

 2 FREE CLASSES
 We have loaner Gis (kimonos) available at no cost

 ---------------------------------------------
 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 "The Gentle Art" because you are able to apply technique without having to seriously injury your opponent or yourself. One of the best self-defense martial arts. With Brazilian Jiu Jitsu you are able to dominate and control even a larger opponent using leverage and technique. Mechanical Strength overpowers Physical Strength. BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves and others against a bigger, stronger, heavier assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint locks and choke holds to defeat the opponent. BJJ training can be used for sport grappling tournaments and in self-defense situations.

 BJJ is also known as a physical chess game; this is because you set up plans of attack and can control where you want your opponent to move so that you are able to "finish" the fight. Not only do you get a great workout, but you also work your mind. Most people say that when they leave Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, they feel more relaxed, less tense/stressed and have a clear head. Come try it out and see for yourself.

 ---------------------------------------------
 WHAT TO EXPECT
 When you train with us, you'll get some of the best instruction around. We'll teach you the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a fun, relaxed environment. We start with some warmup exercises and then move on to step by step instruction on techniques. After that, we'll allow you to "roll" and pair you up with a partner, higher level belts, including Professor Sardinha to practice the techniques you learned. You'll train at your own pace to make sure you understand the techniques and are able to apply them. Classes normally last about between 1 hr - 1.5 hrs.
 .

 *Our facility is open to students of all ages and abilities, including Private Classes, Small Group Classes, Large Group Classes and Corporate Event classes interested in learning self-defense techniques, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, team building, anti-bullying and much more.*

 ---------------------------------------------
 SARDINHA BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 Sardinha BJJ is located on the West side of Phoenix, AZ in Avondale. We are an affiliate of Team Megaton/Gracie Humaita,
 lead by 3rd Degree Black Belt, Professor Wesclay Sardinha.

 Sardinha BJJ
 12 E Western Ave, Avondale, AZ. 85323
 Phone Number: (602) 791-0245
 Email: SardinhaBJJ@gmail.com

 We offer 2 Free Trial Classes and have loaner Gis (kimonos) available at no cost.

 Instagram: @SardinhaBJJ
 Facebook: Sardinha Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 .

 Official Team Megaton Affiliate Team
