---
source_url: http://www.sardinhabjj.com
final_url: https://sardinhabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:37.161Z
---

## UNLOCK YOUR POTENTIAL TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## MEN, WOMEN, & KIDS WELCOME We offer Men, Women, & Kids classes from Beginners to Advanced levels, including Gi & No-Gi, Self-Defense Classes, Strength & Conditioning classes, Yoga classes and Open Mat. You can even compete as part of our team. We have it all!

 BJJ
 ## WHAT IS BJJ? Known as "The Gentle Art" because you are able to apply technique and dominate without ...

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 EXPECT
 ## WHAT SHOULD I EXPECT? When you train with us, you'll get some of the best instruction around. We'll teach you ...

 EXPECT THIS

 PROFESSOR
 ## PROFESSOR SARDINHA 3rd Degree Black Belt, Professor Wesclay Sardinha began training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in ...

 THE PROFESSOR

 ## SHOP OUR GEAR & SPECIALTY CLASSES
 - Adult - S/S Team Rank Rash Guard Adult - S/S Team Rank Rash Guard Regular price $35.00 USD Regular price $25.00 USD Sale price $35.00 USD - Adult Team Kimono (Gi) - Black Adult Team Kimono (Gi) - Black Regular price $170.00 USD Regular price Sale price $170.00 USD - Adult Team Kimono (Gi) - White Adult Team Kimono (Gi) - White Regular price $150.00 USD Regular price Sale price $150.00 USD - Crocs Jibbitz (charms) Sold out Crocs Jibbitz (charms) Regular price $5.00 USD Regular price Sale price $5.00 USD Sold out

 ## AS IRON SHARPENS IRON With over 20 years of teaching experience, Prof. Sardinha welcomes students of all ages (starting at 5 yrs old) to come train, with us, at Sardinha BJJ! Beginners to Black Belts, we have training for you. Come be a part of a team that will welcome you like family! FREE 2 DAY TRIAL ​, Just Stop By.

 ## WHAT OUR STUDENTS SAY Don't just take our word for it

 "Professor Wesclay has cultivated a very motivational learning environment where everyone wants to learn. I recommend this to everyone and anyone." Juliana Hernandez

 "Great place to train! Wesclay, the instructor, is HIGHLY technical and an excellent teacher. I would highly recommend checking out this academy!" Sean Morgan

 "Whether you have been doing BJJ for a while, or are looking to get started, check this place out. Professor Sardinha is one of the best. ..." KC Rariden

 "I was a little nervous about starting BJJ, and I wanted a school with credibility. I'm also an atypical new student (middle aged woman). However, Professor made me feel welcome and valued whereas other places I considered were..." D Dieter Bell

 "Professor Wesclay is one of the most knowledgeable & talented Jiu-Jitsu artists in the state of Arizona. He is down to earth, teaches the basics of Jiu-Jitsu to High level concepts..." Jake Ryan

 "Great professor, gym, and training partners. Competition level BJJ in a family friendly environment. Osss!!!" Sergio Lopez

 ## The Heart of Old Town Located in the heart of historic Old Town Avondale, on the corner of Central and Western Ave. Our dream location in one of the area's most charming neighborhoods, surrounded by small family-owned businesses, like ours.

 Visit Our Store
 12 E Western Ave
 Avondale, AZ 85323
 Get Directions
 SardinhaBJJ@gmail.com
 Open Mon-Sat (See our Schedule for more info)

 ## Awards & Acknowledgments
