---
source_url: https://allianceboise.org/
final_url: https://www.allianceboise.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:44.030Z
---

Alliance Jiu Jitsu
 East Boise/Eagle
 Get in shape, build confidence, change your life
 START A FREE TRIAL NOW

 Welcome To
 Alliance Jiu Jitsu Boise
 Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Boise is led by Master Alexandre “Gigi” Paiva, a 7th-degree coral belt and one of the Alliance founders. Known for his technical mastery and family-centered leadership , Gigi brings world-class experience to a welcoming, supportive academy environment.

 The Alliance team consolidated each year becoming one of the most important Jiu-Jitsu schools in the world. It began its world expansion in 1997 with the first inauguration of an international branch in Finland, followed by a branch of New York the next year. Today the Alliance team has over 340 branches and is a 25x world champion which shows the strength, dedication, and unity of our team.

 MEET
 Our Instructors
 The Alliance team is comprised of licensed world-champion athletes and experienced professional coaches committed to helping you reach your fitness goals. Meet our team today!
 See Details

 Free Trial Class
 Still not sure that Jiu Jitsu is for you? Try it out and sign up for a no strings attached free trial class today!
 Sign Up Today for Free
 WHAT TO EXPECT ON YOUR FREE TRIAL

 What people say about us

 Schedule Programs Alliance

 WHY JIU JITSU ?
 Discipline
 The art of Jiu Jitsu is built on self-discipline. Allaince Jiu Jitsu Boise will help you reach your goals, teach you to work hard, and share skills that will last you a lifetime.

 Self-Defense
 Jiu Jitsu helps self-defense by teaching leverage and technique to control bigger attackers, focusing on ground fighting, submissions, and escapes, allowing smaller individuals to neutralize threats safely, control an aggressor without serious injury, and build practical skills for real-life scenarios.

 Family
 Here at Allaince Jiu Jitsu Boise, our community is like no other. We aim to create a safe space for our students – where mistakes are welcomed, growth is guaranteed, and instructors are bound to become mentors.

 Confidence
 Our classes will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 Strength
 At Allaince Jiu Jitsu Boise, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 THE
 UNIT
 Dedication to high standards and commitment to providing an unforgettable experience.

 × ❮ ❯

 Alliance Boise Events
 Our biggest goal here at Alliance Jiu Jitsu East Boise: Ensuring your success. Click to read about our events and learn about all the ways we go above and beyond for our students.
 Upcoming Events Past Events

 FIND US ON INSTAGRAM

 CONTACT US
 ## Contact Home page Your Name

 Email Address
 Phone

 Which location are you interested in? ... Alliance Jiu Jitsu Eagle Alliance Jiu Jitsu Boise
 What are you inquiring about? ... Finding out the membership price What to expect on the trial Which program to choose from Freeze or cancellation of membership Membership support Other inquiry

 Leave a comment (optional) Submit
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.

 - Phone +1 (208) 639-9198 - Address 195 S. Wooddale Ave. Boise, ID 83161 - Email eaglehq@allianceidaho.com
 - © Alliance JiuJitsu Eagle - - Powered by Gymdesk
