---
source_url: https://www.gracienewnan.com
final_url: https://gracienewnan.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:19.144Z
---

# Newnan'S Premier Jiu-Jitsu Martial Arts School Find out why so many people in Newnan turn to Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Newnan for their martial arts training! We offer beginner-to-advanced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for men, women, and children. No experience necessary! Get started with our exclusive BJJ offer.

 Learn Gracie Jiu-Jitsu ® from a Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center ® right here in Newnan!

 View Our Schedule
 And Gain Access To Our Exclusive Web Special
 Your Name

 Email Address
 Phone

 Which program are you interested in? ... Gracie Combatives - Co-Ed Adults Gracie Bullyproof - Kids Ages 3-12 Master Cycle - Advanced Adult Jiu-Jitsu I am not sure

 Leave a comment Get Started Now
 Thank you!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Newnan Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply.

 Welcome to Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Newnan
 As a Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center, we're dedicated to providing the highest quality jiu-jitsu education possible. We are certified to teach the Gracie University ® curriculum which is standardized across all certified training centers worldwide.

 As a Gracie University student, you'll have access to our online platform featuring detailed, interactive videos of every technique in the curriculum, allowing you to practice and study at home or review a lesson before class. We offer specialized programs including Gracie Bullyproof ® for kids, Gracie Combatives ® for adults, Master Cycle ® advanced Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Mat Munchkins Kids Martial Arts (Ages 3-5) Gracie Bullyproof ® Mat Munchkins kids martial arts classes for preschoolers is full of fun games and simple techniques. Our objective is to build your child's confidence and prepare them for the transition into the Little Champs (Ages 5-7) classes.
 This is a fully parent participation class.
 Learn More

 ## Little Champs Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5-7) Discover why parents love our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Newnan! Our Gracie Bullyproof Little Champs program infuses kids with powerful self-defense skills as well as respect, discipline, and focus to help them in school and life.
 Learn More

 ## Jr. Grapplers Kids Martial Arts (Ages 8-12) Gracie Bullyproof Jr. Grapplers builds unshakable confidence so that your child can overcome bullying without violence. Parents love our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program in Newnan because it's the perfect blend of self-defense and character development.
 Learn More

 ## Adult Martial Arts Co-Ed Classes The world's leading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program for beginners. We offer martial arts classes that are structured and provide a safe learning opportunity for students with no previous experience. Learn the 36 core techniques of BJJ in a fun and cooperative environment.
 Learn More

 ## Advanced BJJ Classes for Adults From blue belt to black belt, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu consists of hundreds of advanced techniques organized into a clearly defined, systematic curriculum called the Master Cycle ® . You'll never experience adult martial arts classes that are as structured, safe, and effective as what you'll find in the Master Cycle.
 Learn More

 # Why Choose US? At our Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center, we believe Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is for EVERYONE, regardless of age, gender, athleticism, or ability. We are proud to say that we are continuing the legacy of Grandmaster Hélio Gracie, who believed jiu-jitsu should empower anyone to be able to defend themselves against a stronger opponent. This is why we offer structured martial arts curriculums for any demographic or skill level, with programs created for beginner adults, women, and children.

 We take pride in creating a safe, comfortable, and welcoming learning environment for all students and family members in Newnan. We are passionate about what we do because we believe confident humans make kinder humans.

 What People Are Saying

 format_quote 5 / 5 Stars I’ve been doing Martial Arts for over 40 years and hold high rank in 2 systems but, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is by far one of the best systems. Sensei Alex is extremely knowledgeable in what he does and teaches. He breaks the techniques down with precision and very helpful when it comes to understanding how to apply each and every move. It’s a bit of a drive from my home but well worth the it. I look forward to many years of training there. Thank you Sensei Alex. OUTSTANDING! A
 Aaron C.

 format_quote 5 / 5 Stars Alex is an incredible instructor, he trains children, women and stunt men! I’ve learned so much from his courses and feel more confident in my ability to protect myself. I don’t have any experience with martial arts and started in my late 30’s, it’s never too late to learn. Alex always makes sure people are comfortable and feel safe, there’s a warm and welcoming community at this location. w
 wambozel1

 format_quote 5 / 5 Stars I went for a trial class and the instructor Alex is awesome. He is very engaging and really wants everyone to give it their all and appreciate the art. I would recommend it for anyone even if you think it might not be for you just give it a try! He even says if it’s not for you it’s ok no pressure. Even as a younger women I felt confident and comfortable in a high contact sport. I
 Isabella G

 format_quote 5 / 5 Stars We absolutely love this place. Sensei Alex and Miss Ashlyn are both so wonderful with children. Thorough, patient, caring, and they make it fun on top of it! My kids love it because they also get to play games and have fun. What a great environment to learn these valuable skills. If I could give them 10* I would!!! Z
 Z.D.

 Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our programs.

 remove ## Will my child become a bully?
 Through our work, we have seen that confident kids make kinder kids. We teach children how to not only stand up to bullies for themselves, but how to stand up for others. Our Rules of Engagement teach children to avoid the fight if at all possible by first using their words, and then telling an adult.

 When they do need to resort to physical self-defense, we do not teach children punches or kicks in the Gracie Bullyproof program, but rather, empowered by Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, to neutralize, defend, control, and negotiate if possible.

 remove ## Are parents allowed to watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! Even better… you can join in our martial arts classes for adults, and have yet another thing in common with your little one. We love seeing the bond of families who train together!

 remove ## Do I need to be fit or athletic for this?
 There are zero fitness requirements to be able to start our beginner Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes! One of the benefits of BJJ is that it relies on technique and timing rather than strength, speed, or athleticism.

 Our students start at all different fitness levels, however, you will find that you do enhance your fitness by doing our BJJ classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 remove ## Karate classes vs. BJJ classes. Which is best?
 Many parents ask, what’s the difference between Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Karate classes? While we believe all martial-arts have value, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has not only been proven to be the most effective martial art for a smaller person to defend themselves in a real fight for nearly a century, it also can be the most gentle.

 We don’t want our kids or students turning into bullies themselves, and we also believe self-defense should be scalable, depending on the situation. Whereas kids Karate lessons or Taekwondo classes rely solely on landing punches and kicks, jiu-jitsu for kids focuses on neutralizing a threat with verbal boundaries, distance management, body control, and eventual negotiation.

 remove ## How do I claim your limited time offer?
 We only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. To take advantage of our limited time offer, the fastest way is to fill in the form at the top of this page!

 Additionally, you can always give us a call. We would love to chat with you about what we do, and to help you determine if our martial arts classes at Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Newnan would be a great fit for you and your family!

 remove ## What do I need to bring to my first martial arts lesson?
 We recommend wearing comfortable clothes and bring bottle of water . We will also have training attire available for purchase after your class.

 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Next Steps
 One moment. Redirecting to intro class booking form...
