---
source_url: http://www.morningstarjj.com/classes/No-Gi-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://morningstarjj.com/classes/No-Gi-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:23.785Z
---

# Denver No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes

 ## #### Take On A Total-Body Challenge With Our No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes At Morning Star Jiu Jitsu, we are the area's leader in No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and we can't wait to show you why. Our system is built on a no-gi strategy that focuses more on real-world self-defense scenarios than on the point-based competition style of full-gi Jiu Jitsu.
 We're helping men and women all across the community challenge their bodies and their minds and enjoy a great support system along the way.
 Come see us in Denver today or fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 ## Why Is Our No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program Right For You? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a dynamic ground-based self-defense system that challenges fighters to use an opponent's size and momentum against them on the path to a submission.
 BJJ can teach you how to overcome a larger, stronger opponent with ease and stay safe in any situation.
 At Morning Star Jiu Jitsu, we are proud to work with men and women of all ages and experience levels. We can help everyone from complete beginners to experienced athletes thrive.
 Join us in Denver today for:
 - Lightning-quick takedowns and transitions - Powerful locks, chokes and holds from any position - Proven submission strategies to help you come out on top - Effective self-defense strategies for any situation
 ## Oh And Did We Mention The Great Total-Body Workout? That's right. No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a total-body effort that can help you build strength and burn fat like never before.
 At Morning Star, we work hard to keep your body guessing and to keep your mind motivated with new skills and new challenges every week.
 It doesn't matter if you're in a great shape or haven't been active for years. We'll help you find success in no time.
 We're proud to help men and women across Denver, Aurora, and Englewood:
 - Burn fat and build lean strength - Improve your balance, coordination, and athleticism - Enjoy healthy, sustainable weight loss - Walk away with a great sense of accomplishment
 ## Take On The Best No Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Right Here In Denver If you're ready to change the way you train, come see us at Morning Star Jiu Jitsu and combine the best aspects of fitness, self-defense, and unwavering self-confidence.
 We're conveniently located in Denver and we're proud to work with all ages and experience levels.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us Today For The Best BJJ Training In Town Request information

 I had the pleasure of training with Tim for a number of years, first as gymmates and then when he became an instructor at a new gym. He has a deep knowledge of jiu-jitsu and is an excellent teacher who emphasizes technique over strength or other purely physical gifts that a student may already possess. I've seen him teach varying skill levels from complete novices all the way up to highly experienced grapplers and I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone.

 I'm visiting from out of town and wanted to get some training in while traveling. Tim and the rest of the guys in the gym were very welcoming. Tim is an amazing instructor and very technical. This is going to be my go-to gym when I'm in Denver. Thanks again for having me!

 I have been coming here for the past few months and I am hooked. Tim is an amazing instructor. He is friendly, knowledgable, and helped me overcome my nerves when rolling for the first time. Also, all of the students that I have met here have been friendly and fun to train with. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.

 ### Begin Your Free Week!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
