---
source_url: http://www.morningstarjj.com/classes/Gi-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://morningstarjj.com/classes/Gi-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:24.113Z
---

# Denver Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes

 ## Your Home For Comprehensive Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training Looking for a great way to stay in shape and build total-body strength? Hoping to master the skills of real-world self-defense or sport-style competition fighting?
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program includes high-level training in every aspect of the sport.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about everything we have to offer here in Denver.
 ## What Can You Expect From Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program? At Morning Star Jiu Jitsu, you can take on high-quality coaching in the skills of ground-based self-defense. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes focus on helping you establish leverage over an opponent of any size and walk away unharmed with the use of superior technique.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes are perfect for men and women of all skill levels. We maintain a safe, supportive environment and help you learn one step at a time.
 Come see us in Denver today for:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Lightning-quick transitions - Ground-control skills like locks, chokes, and holds - Proven submission strategies for any situation
 ## And Don't Forget: We're Helping You See Total-Body Results In No Time! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is truly a total-body effort that helps you work muscles you never knew you had. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes can keep your body guessing with a combination of technique training, high-energy conditioning, and even controlled sparring sessions.
 From day one, you can take on exciting workouts that keep your mind focused on building new skills - and not on how hard your muscles are working.
 At Morning Star Jiu Jitsu, you can enjoy:
 - Total-body strength gains - Healthy, sustainable fat burn - Boosted cardiovascular endurance - Incredible confidence in everything you do
 ## Learn More About Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes In Denver Today! Don't miss out on everything we have to offer here at Morning Star Jiu Jitsu in Denver. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are helping men and women of all backgrounds find success - and you could be next. Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us Today For The Best BJJ Training In Town Request information

 I had the pleasure of training with Tim for a number of years, first as gymmates and then when he became an instructor at a new gym. He has a deep knowledge of jiu-jitsu and is an excellent teacher who emphasizes technique over strength or other purely physical gifts that a student may already possess. I've seen him teach varying skill levels from complete novices all the way up to highly experienced grapplers and I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone.

 I'm visiting from out of town and wanted to get some training in while traveling. Tim and the rest of the guys in the gym were very welcoming. Tim is an amazing instructor and very technical. This is going to be my go-to gym when I'm in Denver. Thanks again for having me!

 I have been coming here for the past few months and I am hooked. Tim is an amazing instructor. He is friendly, knowledgable, and helped me overcome my nerves when rolling for the first time. Also, all of the students that I have met here have been friendly and fun to train with. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.

 ### Begin Your Free Week!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
