---
source_url: http://www.morningstarjj.com
final_url: https://morningstarjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:24.460Z
---

Navigating the Art of Jiu Jitsu # Denver's Home For Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Request more information

 Helping You Get The Most Out Of Every Movement ## Morning Star Jiu Jitsu At Morning Star Jiu Jitsu, we're proud to offer exceptional GI and NO-GI Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training and instruction in the heart of Denver. Whether you're interested in BJJ, Grappling, Submission Wrestling, Self Defense, Fitness, Competition or Martial Arts training, we have a program that will work for you.
 We work hard to provide a safe and supportive environment where you can challenge yourself and learn something new every time you train. We are committed to working with people.
 Come see us today or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 - - -

 Our Location ## Denver View Our Location

 I had the pleasure of training with Tim for a number of years, first as gymmates and then when he became an instructor at a new gym. He has a deep knowledge of jiu-jitsu and is an excellent teacher who emphasizes technique over strength or other purely physical gifts that a student may already possess. I've seen him teach varying skill levels from complete novices all the way up to highly experienced grapplers and I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone.
 #### John S.

 I'm visiting from out of town and wanted to get some training in while traveling. Tim and the rest of the guys in the gym were very welcoming. Tim is an amazing instructor and very technical. This is going to be my go-to gym when I'm in Denver. Thanks again for having me!
 #### Eric L.

 I have been coming here for the past few months and I am hooked. Tim is an amazing instructor. He is friendly, knowledgable, and helped me overcome my nerves when rolling for the first time. Also, all of the students that I have met here have been friendly and fun to train with. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.
 #### Mike S.

 Great instruction by a fantastic coach and person. Highly recommended no matter your skill level. Tim has an ability to teach to all levels and tailors the instruction accordingly!!!
 #### Joe P.

 Oh man where do I begin? The coach is incredible, always makes sure everyone understands the technique and always has time for questions. The people are great, everyone is always trying to help each other learn. Walking through that door was one of the best decisions I've ever made!

 #### Noah P.

 Get Started Today! ## Request More Information

 I had the pleasure of training with Tim for a number of years, first as gymmates and then when he became an instructor at a new gym. He has a deep knowledge of jiu-jitsu and is an excellent teacher who emphasizes technique over strength or other purely physical gifts that a student may already possess. I've seen him teach varying skill levels from complete novices all the way up to highly experienced grapplers and I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone.

 I'm visiting from out of town and wanted to get some training in while traveling. Tim and the rest of the guys in the gym were very welcoming. Tim is an amazing instructor and very technical. This is going to be my go-to gym when I'm in Denver. Thanks again for having me!

 I have been coming here for the past few months and I am hooked. Tim is an amazing instructor. He is friendly, knowledgable, and helped me overcome my nerves when rolling for the first time. Also, all of the students that I have met here have been friendly and fun to train with. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.

 ### Begin Your Free Week!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
