---
source_url: http://www.urbanjungleselfdefense.com
final_url: http://www.urbanjungleselfdefense.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:00.851Z
---

Welcome to Urban Jungle!

 Waiver

 Upcoming Events

 Login

 # Meet Our Black Belts

 Discover the leaders who earned it the hard way, years of discipline, resilience, and mastery. See the standard. Become the next.

 See More

 Watch Video

 # Women's Self Defense Workshop

 Empower Yourself: Join Our Women’s Self-Defense Workshop | Saturday, April 18th | 9 a.m. – 10:30 a.m.

 RSVP

 See more

 # IN-HOUSE Tournament

 In-House Youth Tournament — May 30th
 A full day of courage, competition, and growth on the mats.
 Tiny Tots (4–6): 8:30–10:30 AM
 Kids (7–12): 10:30 AM–1:00 PM
 Teens: 1:00–3:00 PM

 Watch Our Video

 See more

 ### Welcome to your fight2bfit™ Journey

 ## With Urban Jungle

 We are passionate about fostering a community-driven culture of wellness that extends beyond the confines of our Urban Jungle Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym and fitness center. We strive to inspire individuals to embark on their journey towards optimal health by providing exceptional fitness programs, nutritional guidance, and unwavering support. Through our inclusive environment and positive mindset, we aim to equip our members with the tools and motivation needed to conquer obstacles, make healthy choices, and ultimately, thrive in mind, body, and spirit. Join us as we embrace the fight to be fit, every day.

 ### ELITE JIU-JITSU & MIXED MARTIAL ARTS LINEAGE

 At Urban Jungle Self Defense, we pride ourselves on our elite Jiu-Jitsu lineage, passed down through generations of dedicated practitioners. With a focus on practical application and adaptability, our Jiu-Jitsu program equips students with the skills needed to defend themselves in any situation, whether standing or on the ground. From mastering basic techniques to advanced submissions, our lineage ensures that you receive top-tier instruction every step of the way.

 ### DEEP KNOWLEDGE OF FITNESS & CONDITIONING

 We offer a comprehensive approach to fitness and conditioning. Our instructors possess a deep understanding of human physiology and exercise science, tailoring workouts to enhance strength, flexibility, and endurance. Whether you’re a seasoned athlete or new to the gym, our programs are designed to challenge and support you in achieving your fitness goals. From high-intensity interval training to specialized conditioning drills, we provide the tools and guidance necessary to optimize your physical performance both on and off the mats.

 ### A COMPLETE FITNESS AND MARTIAL ARTS CENTER

 Step into Urban Jungle Self Defense and experience a facility designed with your training needs in mind. Our 4,000 sql foot space is equipped with everything you need to excel, including spacious training areas, top-quality mats, and a range of training equipment. Beyond the dojo, our amenities extend toa 30 ft octagon, locker rooms, showers, and 900 str foot upstairs dojo for privates and classes. With a focus on cleanliness and functionality, our facility creates an optimal environment for learning and growth, ensuring that you have everything you need to reach your full potential in martial arts and fitness.

 ### EXPERIENCE YOUR FIGHT2BFIT JOURNEY

 ## CHECK OUT OUR VIDEOS

 Check out this video for a sneak peek into our gym and team, but remember, nothing beats experiencing it live and in person. Book a trial class for yourself or your child today and embark on your journey with us!

 See more

 ### JOIN THE COMMUNITY

 ## FIGHT 2B FIT EVERYDAY

 We believe in cultivating a lifestyle centered around the mindset of resilience and determination, where every choice, no matter how small, contributes to our overall well-being.

 EXPLORE OUR CLASSES

 ## Testimonials

 Sherteen Hernández     

 Today I attended my second Women's Self Defense Workshop with Bianca and she is just amazing! You not only learn about self defense but empowerment, life and bottom line self worth. I honestly recommend taking these clases (there is a reason why I’m back!) at least once. They offer it the 3rd Saturday of every month. Read More Promise your mindset shift and you leave feeling you can do anything! Love the energy and the vibe of both Bianca and Diego. Thank you! 🙌

 Ruby Vizuet     

 If you're searching for a fantastic jujitsu school for your child, look no further than Urban Jungle. This family-owned school is run by the amazing Tony and Michelle, along with their children who are all passionate about teaching martial arts. Read More The instructors are incredibly knowledgeable and skilled, and they create a fun and supportive environment that encourages growth and development. After three years of experience at Urban Jungle, my son has no doubt grown significantly in his jujitsu skills, thanks to the excellent instruction he's received.
 However, Urban Jungle is more than just a jujitsu school. It's a community of like-minded individuals who share a passion for martial arts and support each other both inside and outside the dojo. Tony and Michelle have created a warm and welcoming atmosphere that makes students feel like they're part of the family.
 Overall, I can't recommend Urban Jungle enough. If you're looking for a top-notch jujitsu school with experienced instructors and a supportive community, Urban Jungle is the perfect place for your child.

 Ken In HR     

 I found this place at the right time in my life and became a better person as a result. One of the best investments you can make. I came in with zero experience and see people of all ages thriving. If you’re experienced I’ve also see darker belts challenging each other, to say the least. If you’re on the fence, stop in for a free week and try it out.

 Valerie Fitzgerald     

 10 out of 10!! Absolutely amazing teachers & classes !! Family owned and run with dedication, passion & authenticity! Their extensive knowledge & experience is outstanding!!!

 Jennifer Pena     

 My children have been going to Urban Jungle for more than 10 years and will continue for another 50, longer if possible. We love the gym and the family that owns it. Urban Jungle is a lifestyle spot, the community breeds respect, confidence and healthy familial competition. It’s really cool to see that in my kids. I tell all my friends to bring their kids!

 Jason W     

 Our son has been training for almost 4 years at Urban Jungle and I have been very pleased with the coaching/training he's received. It's a great atmosphere for kids as well as a great overall experience. Would definitely recommend.

 #### Schedule a Trial Class

 ## Photo Gallery

 View More

 ## Contact Us

 Programs

 - BJJ Youth Classes - BJJ Classes - Fitness Classes - MMA Classes

 Upcoming Events

 - 1035 W 18th St, Houston Texas 77008 - 713-861-7252 - urbanjungle97@gmail.com

 Follow us on

 Facebook Youtube Instagram

 © 2025 Urban Jungle Self Defense

 Urban Jungle Belt System
 CLOSE
