---
source_url: https://fittofight.com/mixed-modern-combatives/jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://fittofight.com/mixed-modern-combatives/jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:02.570Z
---

Cum sociis Theme natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturie montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Curabitur ullamcorper id ultricies nisi.

 1-677-124-44227 184 Main Collins Street, West Victoria 8007 Mon - Sat 8.00 - 18.00, Sunday CLOSED ##### Follow Us

 # Jiu-Jitsu #### mixed modern combatives

 ## OVERVIEW ##### Jiu-Jitsu is used to teach people how to fight from the ground with holds, hooks, locks, sweeps, reversals, and escapes. Our curriculum places emphasis on the techniques that will be effective for self-defense or in a compromised position from the ground.

 ## SELF-DEFENSE MODALITIES

 ## Register Today ##### Use the links below to visit on of our North Carolina locations. Not local? Find a Fit to Fight® affiliate near you.

 visit charlotte

 visit gastonia

 find an affiliate

 Great workouts and defense training. Great staff.
 #### Paul Jacob Fronapfel FTF Member

 Great place. Ryan and Amber are both very knowledgeable instructors.
 #### Bo Riccardi FTF Member

 Great place to workout! Wonderful teachers! Everyone should try this place... You will love it!!
 #### Tim Alisa Conner FTF Member

 Great classes taught by awesome instructors......a really fun place to work out!
 #### Margie Widay Breckwoldt FTF Member

 Highly recommended! There is a wealth of experience and knowledge here, and the workouts are killer. It's great fun to make close friends and fight them on a regular basis!
 #### Justin Faircloth FTF Member

 I trained Krav Maga for a few years before visiting this facility and since then my results have been through the roof. I visit as often as possible and don't plan on slowing down any time soon.
 #### Destin Thibodeaux FTF Member

 ### Save your cart? x
