---
source_url: https://fittofight.com/grounded-self-defense-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://fittofight.com/grounded-self-defense-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:05.098Z
---

By Amber
 February 28, 2025
 Instructors Mixed Modern Combatives

 ## GROUNDED™: A Self-Defense Jiu-Jitsu Program ### Unlock the Power of Jiu-Jitsu for Self-defense with this Locked In Program for Instructors! Are you ready to take your training center to the next level and provide your students with an unmatched Jiu-Jitsu experience? Our comprehensive structured Grappling Program is the ultimate solution, offering a range of benefits designed specifically for coaches like you!
 GROUNDed.™ is a self-defense training program emphasizing ground-based combat techniques drawing from jiu-jitsu and wrestling. Using a logical, analytical, and realistic approach, the program is designed to equip individuals with the skills to effectively navigate ground-based confrontations, including minimizing damage, escaping from disadvantageous positions, and safely returning to a standing position.
 #### Why Choose GROUNDed.™? - Ready-to-Use Curriculum: Our program has a meticulously crafted curriculum covering everything from fundamental techniques to advanced training methods. Each lesson plan is designed for ease of use, ensuring your students progress while enjoying every step of their journey. This allows you to focus on what you do best: teaching. - Expertly Designed Materials: Our professional training materials, including detailed instructional videos, high-quality manuals, and interactive resources, save hours of preparation time. Your instructors will have everything they need to deliver engaging and effective classes. - Flexible Implementation: Whether you run a small dojo or a large training center, our program is adaptable to fit your unique environment. You can use GROUNDed.™ as a standalone program or implement elements with existing classes,to create a tailored experience that meets the needs of your students and promotes growth within your academy. - Proven Success: Join a community of successful coaches with a track record of increasing student retention and satisfaction. You can trust our system to help you achieve your business and training goals. - Ongoing Support and Training: We’re here for you every step of the way! Our dedicated support team provides continuous resources, training updates, and personalized guidance to help you implement the program seamlessly and effectively, giving you the confidence to lead your academy to success. - Marketing and Growth Tools: Access exclusive marketing resources designed to attract new students and keep your existing ones engaged. From social media strategies to promotional materials, we equip you with what you need to grow your academy.
 Take advantage of the opportunity to elevate your grappling program. Invest in GROUND ed. ™ today and watch your training center thrive like never before! Let’s take the next step together and make your academy a hub of excellence in Jiu-Jitsu for Self-defense.
 Together, let’s build a legacy of skill, confidence, and community through the art of Jiu-Jitsu!

 Email Us to get started

 About the Author
 Ryan Hoover Ryan Hoover is the owner of Fit to Fight® Gastonia and Fit to Fight® Charlotte. He is also the founder of the Fit to Fight® affiliate organization. He holds a 2nd degree black belt in Krav Maga and is a black belt in BJJ. He has co-author of three books on Krav Maga and is recognized by the state of North Carolina as a Subject Matter Expert in addition to playing a critical role in developing defensive tactics and training curricula for law enforcement at the state level. Helping people healthier, safer lives is Ryan’s driving force. He has trained professional athletes, military and law enforcement officers, actors, stay-at-home moms and dads, and busy professionals all around the world. (including James Anderson (NFL) and Tracy Spiridakos (Actress)).

 fighting krav maga self-defense training

 Share: - - -
