---
source_url: http://www.otimojj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://otimojj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:35.804Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Waldwick

 ## Get Started With The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training in Waldwick! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art. It's also a self-defense system, a sport, and an excellent way to create better fitness! At Jiu Jitsu North Jersey, we offer authentic Jiu-Jitsu classes that focus on technique, real-world self-defense, on getting a great workout, and on building a sense of community -- a place where people from across Waldwick can come together and train with confidence.
 To learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? From establishing a new sense of self-confidence to experiencing reduced stress and heightened focus in your everyday life, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has real-world benefits.
 Our team at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey is committed to helping ordinary men and women from Waldwick take advantage of high-quality martial arts training. No matter your age, experience, or fitness level, we'll help you learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, supportive environment. Through our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you'll have fun, get six pack abs, and meet new friends and mentors from all over our community!
 ##### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes offer: - A fun, healthy way to get fit - Real-world self-defense skills including judo-style takedowns - Improved focus and reduced stress - A great sense of community
 When you train with us at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey, you'll get the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in Bergen County, and the results will speak for themselves. Weight loss , muscle gain , greater productivity at work ... these are just a few of the incredible benefits of Jiu-Jitsu training!
 #### Enroll at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey Today! Experience the grace, power, and life-changing potential of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu system by signing up for our martial arts classes. You'll be welcomed by the awesome community we've worked so hard to cultivate here at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey, and it's easier than ever to get started. Join us in Waldwick and get ready to roll!
 Just fill out the short form below to get started with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes!
 Get more information now!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Request information

 I am new to jiu jitsu and am having tons of fun learning various skills with my team/classmates. The culture is great. Regardless of your age or belt, people show up with humility. I was training with several purple belts and they were very supportive of my growth. The goal for Coach Chad is to build a community where everyone is pulling/pushing/challenging each other to grow together. More importantly, Coach Chad makes emphasis on easy, gentle sparring to make sure that no one gets injured. It’s a safe and fun environment that fosters brotherhood. I highly recommend those who are interested.

 Great place to train, everybody is friendly, no one is out to get you. Awesome way to get in shape and feel more confident in your body and your abilities. I would recommend Jiu Jitsu North Jersey to just about anyone.

 Chad is an extremely devoted instructor and he has created a great culture and positive training environment for everyone.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
