---
source_url: http://www.otimojj.com/classes/Private-Jiu-Jitsu-and-Personal-Training
final_url: https://otimojj.com/classes/Private-Jiu-Jitsu-and-Personal-Training
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:36.136Z
---

# Private Training in Waldwick

 ## Get Waldwick's Best Private Training Our instructors at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey want to make sure you experience lasting success, whatever that means for you. Whether your goal is to slim down and lose weight, boost your overall fitness , or to master new techniques and prepare for competition , we can help you achieve your goals.
 Private Training gives individuals from across Waldwick the opportunity to train one-on-one with our team, get access to personalized coaching designed to meet your goals, and truly get a specially-tailored workout. Don't let inexperience or a lack of direction stand in the way of making your dreams happen -- we're proud to give you the professional guidance you need to experience genuine success.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about Private Training!
 Get more information now!
 #### How Can Private Training Help You? Our Private Training will give you the chance to get personalized coaching from professional martial artists. We can help you sharpen your mind , hone your body , and get the results you want . No matter whether your goal is to lose weight, to build muscle, to become more flexible and athletic, or to bump yourself up to the next belt, our team is happy to work with you to help you achieve your dreams.
 Jiu Jitsu North Jersey is dedicated to the success of each and every one of our members, whether they come to us from Waldwick or elsewhere. With our Private Training, you can take your Jiu Jitsu skills to the next level!
 ##### Our Private Training offers instruction in: - Brazilian Jiu Jitsu/Submission Grappling - Striking: Boxing & Kickboxing - Wrestling & Takedowns - Yoga & Movement - and general Personal Training
 Our team at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey will give you access to high-level fitness training and help you earn your black belt , win gold medals at the competition level, or simply get the level of focus and personalization in your training that you deserve. Join us in Waldwick and see for yourself how Private Training can make a huge difference in your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu skills!
 #### Enroll in Waldwick's Premier Private Training Program Today! Our team at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey is proud to help people from around Waldwick achieve their goals through curated Private Training. No matter your age, ability, or fitness level, we can use Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a platform to help your achieve your goals! We can prepare you for your competition and upgrade your fitness
 Just fill out the short form below to get started!
 Get more information now!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Request information

 I am new to jiu jitsu and am having tons of fun learning various skills with my team/classmates. The culture is great. Regardless of your age or belt, people show up with humility. I was training with several purple belts and they were very supportive of my growth. The goal for Coach Chad is to build a community where everyone is pulling/pushing/challenging each other to grow together. More importantly, Coach Chad makes emphasis on easy, gentle sparring to make sure that no one gets injured. It’s a safe and fun environment that fosters brotherhood. I highly recommend those who are interested.

 Great place to train, everybody is friendly, no one is out to get you. Awesome way to get in shape and feel more confident in your body and your abilities. I would recommend Jiu Jitsu North Jersey to just about anyone.

 Chad is an extremely devoted instructor and he has created a great culture and positive training environment for everyone.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
