---
source_url: http://www.otimojj.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://otimojj.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:36.542Z
---

# Jiu Jitsu North Jersey Schedule

 choose your class type
 Print
 Monday - 5:15 PM - 6:00 PM Kids Striking (8-14yrs) - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Muay Thai/Kickboxing - 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM Adult No-Gi (Foundations)

 Tuesday - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Adult Gi (Foundations) - 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Kids Gi (9-14yrs) - 5:15 PM - 5:45 PM Kids (6-8yrs) - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Adult Gi (All-Levels) - 7:30 PM - Adult No-Gi/Wrestle-Jitsu (All Levels)

 Wednesday - 11:00 AM - 3:30 PM Small Group & Personalized Lessons - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Skills Lab/Open Mat (Grappling & Striking) - 7:30 PM - 8:30 PM Adult Gi (All Levels)

 Thursday - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Adult No Gi (All Levels) - 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Kids Gi (9-14yrs) - 5:15 PM - 5:45 PM Kids Gi (6-8yrs) - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Adult Gi (Foundations & Self Defense) - 7:30 PM - Adult No-Gi/Wrestle-Jitsu (All Levels)

 Friday - 4:30 PM - 6:30 PM Small Group & Personalized Lessons - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Youth Wrestling - 7:30 PM - Adult No Gi/Wrestle-Jitsu (All Levels)

 Saturday - 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Adult Open Mat - 11:00 AM - Kickboxing/Muy Thai - 12:00 PM - Adult Gi (Foundations & Self Defense)

 Sunday - 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Adult No-Gi/Wrestle-Jitsu (All Levels) - 11:15 AM - 12:00 PM Kids No Gi (9-14yrs) - 12:00 PM - 12:30 PM Kids Gi (6-8yrs) - 12:30 PM - 1:00 PM Kids (4 & 5yrs)

 - - -

 ## Request information

 I am new to jiu jitsu and am having tons of fun learning various skills with my team/classmates. The culture is great. Regardless of your age or belt, people show up with humility. I was training with several purple belts and they were very supportive of my growth. The goal for Coach Chad is to build a community where everyone is pulling/pushing/challenging each other to grow together. More importantly, Coach Chad makes emphasis on easy, gentle sparring to make sure that no one gets injured. It’s a safe and fun environment that fosters brotherhood. I highly recommend those who are interested.

 Great place to train, everybody is friendly, no one is out to get you. Awesome way to get in shape and feel more confident in your body and your abilities. I would recommend Jiu Jitsu North Jersey to just about anyone.

 Chad is an extremely devoted instructor and he has created a great culture and positive training environment for everyone.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
