---
source_url: http://www.otimojj.com
final_url: https://otimojj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:36.876Z
---

YOUR JOURNEY STARTS HERE # Serving Waldwick, Allendale, Ridgewood & Wyckoff with BJJ Training Request more information

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Submission Grappling & Wrestling ## Jiu Jitsu North Jersey (formerly known as Otimo BJJ) Our Vision Statement at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey is to maintain an atmosphere of a lifelong study of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, promote self-awareness and the ability to use the body in the most efficient way, and develop student proficiency that conforms to the standards of the global Brazilian Jiu Jitsu community.
 Whether you're a novice or you're bringing your belt with you, Jiu Jitsu North Jersey is here to help you succeed. We will provide you with hands-on coaching , inspirational mentors , and the earnest accountability you need to achieve amazing things every step of the way. Located in Waldwick, we harbor a passion for Martial Arts and will train you to become an expert at one of the world's fastest-growing sports.
 Jiu Jitsu North Jersey is about you. It's about accomplishing your goals and providing you with an incredibly supportive community where you can pursue fitness, train hard, and dream big. We are your home for all things martial arts. Begin your journey today.
 Simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 Get more information now!

 - - -

 Our Location ## Waldwick View Our Location

 Membership ## Check our membership plans ### Introduction Offer - Free 30 Minute Private Lesson - Free Intro Class - First Month Only $99 - Beginner Adults Only

 $ 99 / 1 Month

 I am new to jiu jitsu and am having tons of fun learning various skills with my team/classmates. The culture is great. Regardless of your age or belt, people show up with humility. I was training with several purple belts and they were very supportive of my growth. The goal for Coach Chad is to build a community where everyone is pulling/pushing/challenging each other to grow together. More importantly, Coach Chad makes emphasis on easy, gentle sparring to make sure that no one gets injured. It’s a safe and fun environment that fosters brotherhood. I highly recommend those who are interested.
 #### Sang-Wook L.

 Great place to train, everybody is friendly, no one is out to get you. Awesome way to get in shape and feel more confident in your body and your abilities. I would recommend Jiu Jitsu North Jersey to just about anyone.
 #### Matt C.

 Chad is an extremely devoted instructor and he has created a great culture and positive training environment for everyone.
 #### Josh R.

 Training for a little under 2 years and I’m very thankful for Coach Chad and everyone at Jiu Jitsu North Jersey. The detail and care he teaches with makes it easy and fun to learn. Everyone is very welcoming, if you’re on the fence about joining, don’t think, just do! You won’t regret it.
 #### Kevin O.

 If you want to start, continue, or find a great BJJ dojo, this is the place! Professor Chad is amazing and creates a fun and safe environment to learn and practice his teachings. 10/10 would recommend!
 Thank you for creating such a place for people like myself, Chad.
 #### Richard L.

 Get Started Today! ## Request More Information

 I am new to jiu jitsu and am having tons of fun learning various skills with my team/classmates. The culture is great. Regardless of your age or belt, people show up with humility. I was training with several purple belts and they were very supportive of my growth. The goal for Coach Chad is to build a community where everyone is pulling/pushing/challenging each other to grow together. More importantly, Coach Chad makes emphasis on easy, gentle sparring to make sure that no one gets injured. It’s a safe and fun environment that fosters brotherhood. I highly recommend those who are interested.

 Great place to train, everybody is friendly, no one is out to get you. Awesome way to get in shape and feel more confident in your body and your abilities. I would recommend Jiu Jitsu North Jersey to just about anyone.

 Chad is an extremely devoted instructor and he has created a great culture and positive training environment for everyone.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
