---
source_url: https://jeffersoncityjudoclub.com
final_url: https://jeffersoncityjudoclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:15.787Z
---

# A Martial Art to Train Your Mind and Body A Martial Art to Train Your Mind and Body A Martial Art to Train Your Mind and Body A Martial Art to Train Your Mind and Body

 Developing Self-confidence, Self-discipline, Respect, Fitness, and Self-Defense all while having FUN!

 ## Judo Kata Clinic w/ Diane Jackson - March 28th Register NOW >>

 0 0
 Days Days

 0 0
 Hrs Hours

 0 0
 Mins Minutes

 0 0
 Secs Seconds

 MORE Information

 ## Call 573-301-1738 and ask about the FREE WEEK OF CLASSES for new students!
 contact jefferson city judo

 ## classes & Featured Products

 ## Classes & upcoming events ###
 Active, Fun Filled Classes for ages 5 and up. Contact us or check back regularly to see about any special offers.

 Judo
 Beginning / Intermediate Classes
 Students will develop discipline, confidence, physical fitness, self-defense, respect while learning basic Judo techniques and terminology.

 Beginning Class: Ages 5 - 11
 Monday & Thursday 5:30PM - 6:30PM

 Intermediate Class: Ages 12 and older *
 Monday & Thursday 6:30PM - 7:30PM
 * Open mat 6:00 PM

 Advanced Class: Ages 13 and older
 Monday & Thursday 7:30PM - 9:00PM

 Special Focus / Competition Class
 Saturdays 8:00AM - 9:30AM
 *Saturday classes are announced when available.

 Jujitsu
 Classes are available for Shin-Gi-Tai Jujitsu.
 Ages 13 and up
 Wednesday 6:00PM - 7:30PM

 Please call for information. You can pre-register for the jujitsu class during the Monday and Thursday evening judo classes.

 Private Lessons
 Please call for information.

 ## Reviews

 ## inspirational judo in the media #### Paris Judo Grand Slam 2024 - TOP IPPONS The 2024 Paris France Grand Slam fell on February 02-04. There were some amazing ippons that will be strong candidates for best ippon of the year! Such a strong start to the international events of 2024!

 #### High Level Judo Compilation Just because you're not an Olympian (yet), doesn't mean that you shouldn't work towards excellence. These judo players started at the same belt level as you. Their fundamentals... are your fundamentals.

 #### Ne-Waza FTW! Armlocks are just one of weapons in your judo arsenal. Bigger, heavier, stronger opponent? Isolate an arm (or leg in some cases) and mitigate their advantages.

 ## Jefferson City Judo Club LLC #### Qualified Instructor Team #### Qualified Instructor Team #### Qualified Instructor Team
 Meet our qualified instructor team whose years of experience will help you reach your Judo goals.

 Meet the Instructor Team

 #### JC Judo Club Dojo #### Qualified Instructor Team #### Qualified Instructor Team
 Jefferson City Judo Club is the largest judo dojo in Missouri! The dojo is over 10,000 square feet in total with over 4,000 square feet of training mat.

 The Jefferson City Judo Club was first established in 1965 at Lincoln University. The original club name was changed to "Jefferson City Judo" in addition to moving several times over the years.

 ## We hope to see you soon!~

 ## Featured Products

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
