---
source_url: https://www.innercirclejkd.com
final_url: https://www.innercirclejkd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:51.031Z
---

# GET REAL WORLD READY
 My professional experience and unique approach to teaching make self-defense training interesting and extremely effective. During our personal training sessions, I will guide you through an individualized curriculum designed specifically for YOU, and will help you fulfil and exceed all of your personal wants and needs. I will challenge you to think outside the box through a very strict, motivating, and thorough training regimen. Early on, I identify what you are capable of, and use that knowledge to help you grow at your own pace, with no preconceptions or expectations, regardless of any training you may or may not have had in the past. You will train FREELY and without boundary, and will learn combative tactics that are direct and to the point, with no wasted energy. Welcome to a new and exciting way of training. Welcome to the ROOTS OF COMBAT!!!

 ## The only limitations you have are those that you have imposed on yourself."

 ## A BIT ABOUT COACH MIKE
 I've been involved in the martial arts since 1984. I'm a proud, honorably discharged United States Marine Corps combat veteran, and have been inducted 8 times into 2 different Martial Arts Hall of Fames. I have the honor of being ranked as a 2nd generation Master Instructor in Bruce Lee’s Jeet Kune Do by original Bruce Lee student, Sigung Richard S. Bustillo.
 My focus is on teaching real-world self-defense to students of all ages, in order to reduce the chances of them becoming a victim of a violent assault. My internationally recognized “no-nonsense” methods of self-defense are the result of many years of dedicated training and real-life experiences. They are extremely practical, with no unnecessary or “flashy” movements that you have to be an acrobat to perform.
 My techniques are NOT based on strength; rather they are derived from proven methods handed down from generation to generation in very tight-knit circles. I've hosted many successful seminars on practical women’s self-defense and rape prevention, and have given seminars on pressure point control tactics and deadly weapons disarmament to local law enforcement, EMS, Homeland security agents and Government employees.
 I have taught at the prestigious United States Martial Arts Hall of Fame training camp dozens of times, and I sat on their Grandmasters’ Council faithfully from 2008 to 2021.

 ## CLASSES
 What do you want to learn?

 Our 1-on-1 training with Coach Mike is held privately at our location in Florence, Kentucky. Group and corporate training will be held at the location specified in the agreement set forth prior to scheduling the training.
 ​
 Private training sessions are set at an hourly rate, with a five class minimum. Discounts are given to honorably discharged, retired, and active duty military veterans, law enforcement officers, firefighters, and EMS personnel. Thank you for your service to our community and to this great nation!
 ​
 Standard group classes are held during the week, and are taught by Sensei Andrew Collins.
 Contact him directly at 859-414-2587 for class descriptions, pricing, and training times.

 ### JEET KUNE DO
 Learn the philosophies, efficiencies and training methods of Bruce Lee's "way of the intercepting fist". Improve your balance, coordination, speed, and focus while training in the most realistic and efficient martial art in the world. It is direct and to the point, and in the words of Bruce Lee himself, "The art of Jeet Kune Do is simply to simplify. Jeet Kune Do avoids the superficial, penetrates the complex, goes to the heart of the problem and pinpoints the key factors. Jeet Kune Do does not beat around the bush. It does not take winding detours. It follows a straight line to the objective. Simplicity is the shortest distance between two points. Jeet Kune Do favors formlessness so that it can assume ALL forms, and because Jeet Kune Do has no style, it can fit in with ALL styles. As a result, Jeet Kune Do utilizes ALL ways and is bound by NONE and, likewise, uses any techniques or means which serve its end!" Coach Mike is ranked as a 2nd generation Master Instructor in Bruce Lee's Jeet Kune Do by original student of Bruce Lee, Sigung Richard S. Bustillo.

 ### CACOY DOCE PARES ESKRIMA
 Eskrima is the Filipino art of stick and knife fighting. It focuses heavily on rapid striking and incredibly efficient footwork. The techniques are very effective, and can also be used without weapons in close quarters hand-to-hand self-defense. Our Eskrima is passed down directly from Supreme Grandmaster Cacoy Canete, founder of the Cacoy Doce Pares system in Cebu City, Philippines. Coach Mike is ranked as a first Grade Black Belt directly under SGM Cacoy Canete and the Cacoy Doce Pares World Federation.

 ### COMBATIVE JUJITSU
 Our combative jujitsu classes are comprised of both stand-up grappling and Hayastan ground combatives, directly under world-renowned submission grappler, Sensei Gokor Chivichyan. It will teach you how to handle extremely close-quarters attacks, as well as help to improve your ground combatives from a self-defense standpoint. Our combative jujitsu uses leg locks, arm locks, and small joint manipulation as offensive tools to control and subdue an attacker in any real-life self-defense scenario. Coach Mike is ranked as an instructor personally by Sensei Gokor Chivichyan.

 ### KRAV MAGA
 Krav Maga is the official fighting system of the Israeli military. It is known as one of the most effective forms of self-defense in the world today, deriving its tactics from many martial arts such as judo, boxing, karate, and Aikido. It has been time tested in Israeli combat since its development in the 1940s, and has recently been adapted to be effective in the civilian world against all forms of aggression. Coach Mike holds the rank of Krav Maga Master Instructor: Expert Level under the International Association of Krav Maga.

 ### OKINAWAN KEMPO
 Attsuuten-Ryu Kempo-Jutsu is a modern dirivative of the original Okinawan "Te" systems. It is direct, and to the point, without any unnecessary or flashy movements, and uses traditional training methods as a foundation for defense against modern threats. It was developed in early 2005, and was accepted and validated in 2008 by the International Martial Arts Council of America as a viable and unique system of self-defense. Coach Mike received his 7th Dan Sokeship at the U.S. Martial Arts Hall of Fame awards ceremony in 2008.

 ## CONTACT US!
 Get in touch today to schedule your first 5-session block of personal self-defense training with Coach Mike, or to join our Academy for daily training at our facility!

 innercircleimb@gmail.com

 859-750-5115

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
