---
source_url: https://johnmachadobjj.com/fundamental-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://johnmachadobjj.com/fundamental-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:42.628Z
---

Beginner Training # Fundamental Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Learn Jiu-Jitsu Basics Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on technique, leverage, and physics more than size and speed, making it a practical self-defense art for any person.

 ### A Beginner Friendly Environment. No matter what your body type or level of fitness, you will benefit from the practical self-defense techniques taught in our Beginner’s program.

 At John Machado Jiu-Jitsu Allen you will learn the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu while getting a great full body workout, all in a fun a safe environment.
 Students are friendly and helpful to one another and working together to achieve their individual goals.

 Master John Machado has created a fun and welcoming environment for any person to enjoy learning the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Benefits of the Beginners Program Our academy is family oriented and our students work together to achieve their goals. Some of the benefits of the beginners program include:
 - Learn the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. - Learn practical self-defense techniques. - Get a great full body workout while having fun. - Increase focus, stamina, and self-confidence. - Improve your overall fitness and lifestyle. - Great camaraderie and friendship.

 ## Start Your Jiu-Jitsu Journey Come try a class and see if Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is right for you.
 Try a Free Class
