---
source_url: http://www.camarillojj.com
final_url: https://camarillojj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:40.632Z
---

Skip to content Menu

 ##### WELCOME TO CAMARILLO JIU-JITSU

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Judo

 Welcome to Camarillo Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, one of the top competition Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu schools in the United States located in Bakersfield, California. Professor Daniel Camarillo, owner and head instructor, with over 40 years of competition and coaching experience has strategically combined his intense Judo with technical JiuJitsu to provide you with a learning environment conducive to competition, self defense, fitness, or just for fun.

 Years Experience
 0 +

 Mile From Cal State Bakersfield
 0

 Miles From Bakersfield Speedway
 0

 Miles to Kern County Fair
 0

 ##### WELCOME TO CAMARILLO JIU-JITSU

 ## Located in Bakersfield, CA

 Centrally located in Bakerfield California. We offer plenty of classes and class times with other great amenities!

 - Classes For Everyone

 We offer Jiujitsu Gi/Nogi and Judo classess for kids, men and women.

 - Large Training Area

 Our facility boasts over 2300 square feet of mat space.

 - Qualified Instructors

 Our instructors are required to be SafeSport Certified

 - Free Trial

 Try us for 7 days to see why we are the best!

 ## High Level Coaching

 Camarillo Jiu Jitsu boasts a team of highly skilled and experienced coaches who are dedicated to providing top-notch instruction, ensuring that students receive exceptional training and guidance to reach their full potential.

 ## Why Camarillo JJ?

 Choosing Camarillo Jiu Jitsu means selecting a martial arts academy that combines beginner-friendly classes, a family atmosphere, and high-level coaching, offering an exceptional all-around experience

 ## Beginner Friendly

 Camarillo Jiu Jitsu is known for its welcoming and supportive environment, making it an ideal choice for beginners looking to learn and excel in the art of Jiu Jitsu.

 ## Family Atmosphere

 Camarillo Jiu Jitsu fosters a family atmosphere, providing a safe and inclusive environment where individuals of all ages can train together and support each other’s growth in the discipline.

 ## Beginner Friendly

 Camarillo Jiu Jitsu is known for its welcoming and supportive environment, making it an ideal choice for beginners looking to learn and excel in the art of Jiu Jitsu.

 ## Family Atmosphere

 Camarillo Jiu Jitsu fosters a family atmosphere, providing a safe and inclusive environment where individuals of all ages can train together and support each other’s growth in the discipline.

 ##### STAY IN THE LOOP WITH CAMARILLO JIU-JITSU

 ## Subscribe Here to be on our mailing and text list to be kept up to date on future events.

 ##### TESTIMONIALS

 ## SEE WHAT OTHERS ARE SAYING ABOUT US

 We have a 5 star rating on Google with over 35 reviews

 Training at Camarillo Jiu Jitsu offers a supportive and knowledgeable environment that fosters personal growth and development in the arts of JiuJitsu and Judo.

 - 811 19th St. Bakersfield, CA 93301 - 661-201-3346

 ## Our Academy

 ## Staffed Hours

 - 5 PM - 8 PM , Monday - Friday

 Reach out to us via telephone or email at anytime for a quick response

 Copyright © 2023. All rights reserved.

 Design & Develop by Ninja Pipeline

 ## You are invited to try us for 7 days FREE
