---
source_url: https://sharpenironacademy.com/adult-bjj-classes/
final_url: https://sharpenironacademy.com/adult-bjj-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:23.016Z
---

# Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 ## Adult Classes Our classes are for people from all walks of life, each with different goals and interest. We serve every need; self-defense, weight-loss, cross-training athletes for competition, law enforcement, and more. Come in for a class and meet the SIA family; no strings attached!

 join a free intro class

 ## What Should I Expect?

 
 #### Natural Mood Regulation

 ##### Read More Excerpt from betterhealth.gov ‘We don’t understand exactly why exercise is so good for improving mood conditions yet, but we do know that it works.
 This may be due to a combination of reasons, including:
 1. Exercise helps chronic depression by increasing serotonin (which helps your brain regulate mood, sleep and appetite) or brain-derived neurotrophic factor (which helps neurons to grow).
 2. Exercise reduces immune system chemicals that can make depression worse.
 3. Exercise increases your level of endorphins, which are natural mood lifters.
 4. Exercise helps by getting your sleep patterns back to normal. We know getting enough sleep can protect the brain from damage.
 5. Exercise gives you a focused activity that can help you feel a sense of accomplishment.
 6. Exercise limits the effect of stress on your brain.’
 If you’re interested in more incredible benefits of not only exercising, but also training in our environment, click HERE to go to our front page!

 
 #### Positive Habit-Building

 ##### Read More Taking better care of ourselves is often difficult, but new research has helped uncover some of those difficulties. Studies show childhood PE experiences are a major factor in our overall attitude towards physical activity. Kids are systematically learning to judge themselves based on how their fitness test results compare to others, and it harms them in the long run. When kids enjoy their physical activities, they nurture a fun, healthy habit for the future. In our environment at SIA, both kids and adults love training SO MUCH, that they drag family and friends to class with them! Not to mention, the benefits across the board of making a healthy lifestyle change and thriving in a supportive community with healthy relationships. Read the research article HERE !

 
 #### FIT3D Body Scans

 ##### Read More Our FIT3D Body Scanner renders a 3D version of your body in virtual reality for future reference. It keeps track of useful information like your body fat percentage, lean muscle mass, basal metabolic rate, posture, weight distribution, measurements, and more. If you’d like to be scanned, show up 15 minutes early to class. Our FIT3D Body Scanner is at the Plano location, but our Allen family is more than welcome! If you’re in Allen, please make an appointment by calling 214-227-7111, and we’ll take care of the rest!

 
 #### Inspiring Testimonies

 ##### Read More So many of our students have had their lives changed by Jiu Jitsu, and it continually reminds us of why we do what we do. We’re in the business of changing lives for the better, not running a gym. We’ve had an adult student lose over 100 pounds with us, we’ve had parents come to us and talk about the massive change in their child’s confidence and demeanor at home, and some kids even have stories of standing up to bullies. It’s disheartening to say, but kids are experiencing bullying as early as 5 years old. Equipping everyone we can with the tools they need is so important to us.

 
 #### A Warm Community

 ##### Read More Just like it’s hard to explain how tasty a mint, white chocolate latte is to someone who has never drank it; It’s hard to explain a loving community like ours until you’re in it. For example, we put you in a group chat with other wonderful members when you sign up, and it can get pretty crazy in there! Many students host impromptu watch parties for things like GOT, UFC, F2W, other sports, and more. We’re looking to make events like this happen more often, and in different environments more conducive to bringing the WHOLE family! Pretty soon, we’ll be (hopefully) gathering every month for all-inclusive activities like soccer, ultimate frisbee, beach volleyball, bowling, painting, etc. Stay tuned!

 
 #### Family-Friendly Environment

 ##### Read More We work hard to keep our atmosphere free of anything you wouldn’t want your grandkids to be around. Our staff is respectable in all manners, and we expect the same of our students and guests. We don’t allow profanity or explicit music.

 
 #### Free Wifi & Coffee

 ##### Read More We know this is a big deal to parents, and happily offer these completely gratuitous. We have special spaces for those of you who need to charge your laptop and lock-in while we take care of your kids. We also have a cafe at our Plano location should you get hungry, and plan to open a cafe in our Allen location soon!

 
 #### World-Class Instruction

 ##### Read More If you’d like to know more about our instructors qualifications and accomplishments, press HERE! We recruit athletes and instructors across the world who have proven themselves elite in the competion. All of our athletes have been ranked extremely high on a global scale, and some being ranked #1 in their respective divisions. We know all-too-well that the best athletes don’t always make the best teachers, and we vet them accordingly before handing over the huge responsibility of empowering the champions in our academy.

 
 #### A Full-Body Workout

 ##### Read More While we encourage everyone to train hard, that doesn’t mean to train aggressively or with excessive strength. A normal-paced workout is tiresome, and we don’t want you burnt out after the first day. It’s common to wake up sore the next day in areas you didn’t know could be sore!

 try an intro class

 ## Getting Started is Easy!

 w
 #### 1) Send Us a Message Below We’ll get in touch as soon as possible, and usually respond within a few minutes. Expect a call, text, or email!

 
 #### 2) Book an Intro Class We’ll schedule a time that fits in your schedule. Our classes are everyday, so let us know what works best with you!

 
 #### 3) Have Fun, Guaranteed! Our focus is caring for you and your family; and we can’t wait for you to learn, laugh, and love it. We promise our happiness is contagious!

 get a free class now

 ## Try a Free Class This Week! Fill out the form below, and we’ll get in touch with you within 12 hours!

 [contact-form-7 id="1608" title="Contact form 1"]

 
 #### Plano // 214-227-7111

 
 #### 4017 Preston Rd Suite 542, Plano, Tx 75093

 
 #### info@sharpeniron.com

 ## We Approach Things Different From Others While the majority of local gyms and martial art studios may have your average black-belt instructor, our instructors are ranked exceptionally high across the board by the International Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation, and each instructor has won many, many medals across the globe in prestigious world championships. Not only do we have a globally-recognized team, we also proudly display a number of trophies our members have won. If you’re interested to hear more about the lineage of our ‘pure-bred’ instructors, check this out!

 See World-Class Instructors

 ##### What is a FIT3D Body Scan? Our FIT3D Body Scanner renders a 3D version of your body in virtual reality for future reference. It keeps track of useful information like your body fat percentage, lean muscle mass, basal metabolic rate, posture, weight distribution, measurements, and more.

 ##### Do I get scanned my first visit? If you’d like to be scanned, show up 15 minutes early to class. Our FIT3D Body Scanner is at the Plano location, but our Allen family is more than welcome! If you’re in Allen, please make an appointment by calling 214-227-7111, and we’ll take care of the rest!

 ##### Is it really free, even if i don't sign up? Yes! Even if you don’t sign up with us, our staff and community has an unwavering belief in changing lives. This is our contribution to your first step to wellness, wherever that may be!
