---
source_url: https://www.smithbjj.com/schedule
final_url: https://www.smithbjj.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:04.802Z
---

##### Schedule
 ## MONDAY - 6:00 am – Adult BJJ - All levels - 5:30 pm – Kids BJJ (3 -5 yrs old) - 6:00 pm – Kids BJJ (6 - 13 yrs old) - 7:00 pm – Adult BJJ - All level​​

 ## WEDNESDAY - 6:00 am – Adult BJJ - No Gi/ All levels - 6:00 pm – Kids BJJ (6 - 13 yrs old) - 7:00 pm – Adult BJJ- No-GI/ All levels​​​
 ​ ​

 ## FRIDAY - 6:00 am – Adult BJJ - All levels - ​7:00 pm – Adult BJJ - All levels​

 ## TUESDAY - 5:30 pm – Kids BJJ (3 -5 yrs old) - 6:00 pm – Kids BJJ (6- 13 yrs old) - 6:00 pm – BJJ 101 - Fundamentals - 7:00 pm – Adult BJJ - All levels​​​

 ## THURSDAY - 5:30 pm – Kids BJJ (3 -5 yrs old) - 6:00 pm – Kids BJJ (6- 13 yrs old) - 6:00 pm – BJJ 101 - Fundamentals - 7:00 pm – Adult BJJ - All levels​​​​

 ## SATURDAY​ - 11:00 am – Open Mat: Members Only​​​

 The school reserves the right to change the schedule and instructors without notice.
 ​
 At our academy, we prioritize your progress in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu by offering a range of specialized programs tailored to various skill levels and goals. Please note that the schedule and instructors may change without prior notice, allowing us to adapt and provide the best learning experience.
 ​
 Students are expected to commit to regular attendance, with a minimum of two classes per week. Arriving 5-10 minutes early for scheduled classes is essential, and we kindly request immediate pick-up after each session. To maintain a focused learning environment, we ask students not to disturb ongoing classes, and we emphasize the importance of keeping uniforms neat, clean, and odor-free.
 ​
 Our programs include:
 1. Kids BJJ
 - Focus: BJJ Techniques/Concepts, Self Defense, Bully Proofing, Discipline, Respect, Confidence - Engaging BJJ Exercise Games for a dynamic learning experience.
 ​
 2. BJJ 101
 - Designed for beginners with minimal experience. - Learn basic moves, positions, and fundamentals. - Traditional Gi class emphasizing solid BJJ foundation. - Basic theory, self-defense, conditioning improvement, flexibility, techniques, and principles introduced. - Classes incorporate a light warm-up, technique demonstrations, drills, and positional sparring.
 ​
 3. BJJ-All Levels
 - Geared towards blue belts and higher, covering advanced moves, positions, and Jiu-Jitsu fundamentals. - Emphasis on developing essential techniques for a strong game. - Prerequisite: Approximately 60 fundamental classes. - Ideal for professional MMA fighters, hobbyists, and those focusing on the sport/competition aspect of Jiu-Jitsu.
 ​
 4. BJJ Executive
 - Tailored for busy students with a solid foundation of BJJ. - Basic theories, self-defense, conditioning improvement, flexibility, techniques, and principles introduced. - Classes include a light warm-up, technique demonstrations, drills, and positional sparring.
 ​
 5. Open Mat
 - Non-instructional time for independent drilling and timed live sparring. - Opportunity for students to practice learned techniques and conceptualize strengths and weaknesses. - Ideal for private lessons.
 ​
 By participating in these programs, students can expect comprehensive training that not only enhances their technical proficiency but also instills discipline, confidence, and respect. Our academy provides a nurturing environment for individuals of all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners, ensuring a fulfilling journey in the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Holiday Closings :
 ​
 Memorial Day
 July 4th
 Labor Day
 Thanksgiving Break ( Wednesday / Thanksgiving Day / After )
 Christmas Break ( 24 Dec / 25 Dec )
 New Year’s Eve / Day
