---
source_url: https://www.smithbjj.com/kidsbjj
final_url: https://www.smithbjj.com/kidsbjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:05.709Z
---

## Confidence ## Creates Leaders!

 ##### Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 Dragon Power-Jitsu
 Dragon Power-Jitsu is a program that delivers Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction to children while implementing discipline, integrity and sacrifice in accordance with developing responsible young adults. It is the perfect tool to change your child’s life forever. The lessons learned both on and off the mat will instill in them a confidence and self belief that will continue with them throughout their lives.

 Our anti-bullying system has been reverse engineered to safely and effectively repel any aggressor, with truly phenomenal results. If you want to instill discipline, determination, leadership, commitment, responsibility and good sportsmanship in your child while simultaneously giving them the confidence to navigate through life’s waters with ease, then this is the program for you.

 It is the goal of every parent to protect their children however the only way to truly protect your child is to teach them how to protect themselves. Our focus is to keep your Child Safe. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu helps children build confidence while training self-defense in a fun, family environment.

 ##### What Parents LOVE About our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program: - A Culture of Success - We Build up our Students through Character Development
 - Life Skills That your Child will use in School, at Home, and Everywhere They Go.
 - REAL Martial Arts Classes - Your Child will learn AMAZING Martial Arts Skills!

 # Building the future, one practice at a time!

 ##### START YOUR TRIAL CLASS TODAY! ##### JIU-JITSU. SELF DEFENSE. FITNESS
 ## CLICK HERE TO BOOK YOUR TRIAL CLASS
