---
source_url: http://www.cxbjjnc.com
final_url: https://www.cxbjjnc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:01.659Z
---

# TRAINING YOU NEED. OPTIONS YOU WANT.

 1/193

 ## WHY CXBJJ?
 CXBJJ HQ is a 7,900 sqft training facility and registed academy with the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF), staffed by IBJJF certified black belt instructions. We offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai, kid's kickboxing, wrestling, functional fitness, sauna, cold plunge, and locker rooms; providing a comprehensive approach to health and wellness for adults and children alike.
 ​ ​
 With BJJ, Muay Thai, kid's kickboxing, and wrestling, individuals can train for competition, self-defense, fitness, or stress relief through dynamic martial arts training. Functional fitness can be used on its own, or to complement these disciplines by enhancing overall strength, flexibility, and endurance.
 ​ ​
 The inclusion of amenities like sauna, cold plunge, and showers not only promotes post-workout recovery but also ensures a holistic wellness experience, catering to both physical and mental well-being. This diverse range of offerings allows individuals to customize their training regimen, foster a sense of community, and achieve their fitness goals effectively and efficiently.
 ​
 24-hour gym access is available to allow you to train, practice, and recover on your schedule.

 SIGN UP TODAY!

 ## "Great academy! Clean facility, professional coaches, and a very welcoming atmosphere. I feel improvement every single session."
 Alexei Fakira

 ## DROP-IN AND CHECK US OUT

 ## YOUR FITNESS JOURNEY BEGINS HERE
 ## CXBJJ ACADEMY TRAINING CENTER
 ## HEADQUARTERS
 400 Hubert Blvd, Hubert NC 28539

 CXBJJHQ@GMAIL.COM

 910-333-1155

 Submit
 Thank you for your interest!
