---
source_url: https://undergroundbjjplano.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://undergroundbjjplano.com/programs/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:16.808Z
---

## Underground Jiu Jitsu Classes
 #### Kids 6-9 ##### Help Your Child Build Confidence and Strength In Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes Prepare your children, ages 6-9, for any challenge life throws their way with our Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes. Focusing specifically on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, these traditional Gi classes build students of all ages up through positive reinforcement and exciting classes that are always changing. The program prioritizes safety and education, with a curriculum that promotes social skill development, self-esteem building, and learning important life lessons such as discipline and respect. If your child needs a confidence boost, wants to learn how to defend themselves, or just join us to have a blast, we encourage you to sign up today!
 #### Teens 10-14 At Underground Jiu-Jitsu, our program designed for children aged 10-14 combines teaching the basic techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with exercises and games aimed at enhancing children’s listening and motor skills while instilling self-discipline. At Underground Jiu-Jitsu, we are committed to helping children of all backgrounds and abilities learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can help children improve their fitness, listening and social skills, discipline, respect for others, self-esteem, and conflict resolution. We will also equip your child with the skills and knowledge they need in order to defend themselves.

 #### Adults 15+ Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art at Underground Jiu-Jitsu. It’s a self-defense system, a sport, and an excellent way to create better fitness!
 At Underground Jiu-Jitsu, we offer authentic Jiu-Jitsu classes that focus on technique, real-world self-defense, on getting a great workout, and on building a sense of community — a place where people from Plano, Garland, Wylie, Sachse, Richardson and all of North Dallas can come together and train with confidence.
 #### Community From establishing a new sense of self-confidence to experiencing reduced stress and heightened focus in your everyday life, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has real-world benefits. Our coaches are committed to helping men and women in North Texas take advantage of high-quality martial arts training.
 No matter your age, experience, or fitness level, we’ll help you learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, supportive environment, and through our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you’ll have fun, get six pack abs, and meet new friends and mentors from all over our community!

 #### Underground Jiu Jitsu ## Demonstration Videos

 ## Free Initial Workout For a limited time only- Sign up today and get 1 FREE Initial Workout with our Certified BJJ Instructor!

 Sign Up Today!
 ##### Free Initial Workout ×

 #### Underground Jiu-Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (469) 855-5758
 info@underground-bjj.com
 1406 Capital Ave, Ste 100, Plano, TX 75074
 Are you looking for a Women’s Program, growing Kids Jiu-Jitsu program, or anything in between? Underground Jiu-Jitsu invites nearby communities including Richardson, Garland, and Wylie to join us in Downtown Plano today!
