---
source_url: https://undergroundbjjplano.com/programs/womens-self-defense/
final_url: https://undergroundbjjplano.com/programs/womens-self-defense/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:17.221Z
---

## Women's Self Defense
 #### Community We get it – learning self-defense can seem intimidating. However, that’s why Underground Jiu-Jitsu has committed to providing women with a BJJ training experience that is welcoming, encouraging, and uplifting. While learning self-defense can often feel like a nerve-racking and stressful undertaking, we are here to educate and prepare women in a way that is comfortable and safe. Additionally, our women’s BJJ class is an environment where women are guaranteed to feel supported by other women in their community. Underground Jiu-Jitsu is devoted to helping you accomplish your goals and establish a new level of safety in your life.
 #### Self-Defense Therefore, by educating women on self-defense skills that can be applied to real-life situations to empower women and train you to have greater awareness to your situations and surroundings. Although this class focuses on several different aspects of BJJ, self-defense is our #1 priority and is incorporated into every technique and skill students learn.
 Pictured to the right is our Women’s BJJ instructor, Coach Sydney. Read more about Coach Sydney here!

 ## Free Initial Workout For a limited time only- Sign up today and get 1 FREE Initial Workout with our Certified BJJ Instructor!

 Sign Up Today!
 ##### Free Initial Workout ×

 #### Underground Jiu-Jitsu ## Get Started Today

 (469) 855-5758
 info@underground-bjj.com
 1406 Capital Ave, Ste 100, Plano, TX 75074
 Are you looking for a Women’s Program, growing Kids Jiu-Jitsu program, or anything in between? Underground Jiu-Jitsu invites nearby communities including Richardson, Garland, and Wylie to join us in Downtown Plano today!
