---
source_url: https://undergroundbjjplano.com
final_url: https://undergroundbjjplano.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:17.760Z
---

# Underground Jiu-Jitsu Learn More

 ##### Winter Warrior 3 Month Special ×

 #### Welcome to! ## Underground Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to Underground Jiu-Jitsu, a friendly community of martial artists united by positivity. We take pride in creating an encouraging environment where everyone is welcome to learn martial arts. Whether you’re training for fun or for competition, we’ll make you the best martial artist and individual possible. BJJ isn’t just about strength and self-defense, it’s about confidence, discipline, and goals. Join Underground Jiu-Jitsu in Plano, Texas today to be the best version of yourself!
 ##### Underground Jiu-Jitsu invites nearby communities including Richardson, Garland, and Wylie to join us in Downtown Plano today!

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Special Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: At Underground Jiu-Jitsu, we believe in building strong, confident martial artists by creating a supportive and challenging training environment. Whether you’re stepping onto the mats for the first time or looking to sharpen your skills as a competitor, we’re here to help you reach your goals.
 Our 12-week beginner’s program is designed to give new students a solid foundation in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, teaching fundamental techniques that can be applied in both sport and self-defense. We take pride in our detailed instruction, structured curriculum, and personalized coaching, ensuring that every student gets the attention they need to improve and grow.
 No matter your reason for training—whether it’s to get in shape, learn self-defense, or compete at a high level—we’re here to support, challenge, and push you toward success. At Underground, we’re more than just a gym—we’re a community that lifts each other up.
 #### Our History: Underground Jiu-Jitsu opened its doors in October 2021, founded by Diego Santana, a world-class competitor from São Paulo, Brazil. Diego began training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 2006 at the age of 17, dedicating himself to mastering the art and competing at the highest levels. Over the years, he has earned numerous international titles, including victories at the Pan American Championships and American Nationals, as well as podium finishes at prestigious tournaments like the World Masters, European Championships, and South American Championships.
 With a passion for both competition and teaching, Diego founded Underground Jiu-Jitsu to bring authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to Plano, Texas. His goal was to create a world-class training environment that fosters technical excellence, personal growth, and a strong sense of community. At Underground, students of all levels—whether hobbyists or aspiring champions—train under Diego’s guidance in a welcoming and challenging atmosphere. He remains dedicated to growing the academy, shaping future generations of Jiu-Jitsu practitioners, and ensuring that Underground feels like home for everyone who steps on the mats.
 Learn More!

 ## Free Initial Workout For a limited time only- Sign up today and get 1 FREE Initial Workout with our Certified BJJ Instructor!

 Sign Up Today!
 ##### Free Initial Workout ×

 #### Come visit us and see ## Here's what we offer!

 ##### Resilience Underground Jiu-Jitsu instills commitment in our students. We celebrate hard work and take on adversities.

 ##### Family Our community is built of martial artists who uplift each other to become better. You’ll feel welcomed among teammates and instructors.

 ##### Self-Defense Martial arts establishes a core understanding of leverage and strength that’s applied to self-defense.

 ##### Confidence BJJ classes increase your confidence by improving fitness, health, and catering to your various goals. Through success you’ll unlock a new sense of pride.

 ##### Discipline Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just about brute strength or grappling. It helps build character through creating humility, teamwork, and patience.

 ##### Lots of Fun! Don’t get us wrong, mastering a martial art is hard. But above everything else, it’s fun! Nothing is as fulfilling as perfecting a technique or acing a sparring combination and being cheered on by your instructor and classmates.

 #####

 ## Gallery

 ## Testimonials

 This is where your testimonials will goGreat place! I immediately felt welcomed here. Everyone is so friendly and supportive and there are a lot of classes so it's easy to get in!

 Charissa J.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Highly recommended! One of the best gyms to learn BJJ. The environment is great with safety always in mind. Good for all ages and levels

 Anthony T.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Beautiful mat space, clean facilities, and everyone on the mats were super friendly and fun to roll with.

 Rebecca M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Professor Diego is literally one of the best in the game. Coming here you are welcomed with incredible people who train very efficiently and with beautiful technique.

 Jesse G.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Highly accomplished, world class professor Diego along with the other instructors are extremely knowledgeable and patient. Everyone here is welcoming and eager to help out.

 Young A.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 I have been with Coach Diego for 4 years and I can tell you right now that Underground Jiu Jitsu is by far the best choice to train. The vibes are great and the people are better!

 Richard F.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact us today! Are you looking for a Women’s Program, growing Kids Jiu-Jitsu program, or anything in between? Underground Jiu-Jitsu invites nearby communities including Dallas, Richardson, Garland to join us in Downtown Plano today!

 (469) 855-5758
 info@underground-bjj.com
 1406 Capital Ave, Ste 100, Plano, TX 75074
 Get Directions

 ### Underground Jiu-Jitsu 1406 Capital Ave, Ste 100, Plano, TX 75074
 Get Directions

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule
