---
source_url: http://www.fenixbjj.com/get-started-woburn-bjj
final_url: https://www.fenixbjj.com/get-started-woburn-bjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:24.070Z
---

BOOK A FREE INTRO

 BOOK A FREE INTRO

 # Fenix Brazilian Jiu jitsu woburn
 Get started with a FREE one-on-one introductory class at our BJJ gym in Woburn, MA. No experience required.

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS (Limited spots available)

 01.

 #### BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO AT FENIX BJJ WOBURN
 Start by getting in touch with us . We will book your intro class at a time that suits you and match you up with the perfect instructor. Fill out the form and a member of our team will reach out to schedule your intro.

 ### Fenix BJJ Woburn Lead Form First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Which program(s) are you interested in? Adult/Teen
 Little Grapplers (Ages 3-5)
 Kids (Ages 6-8)
 Juniors (Ages 9-13)

 Comments

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 02 .

 #### SHOW UP A BIT EARLY TO GET PREPPED
 Show up 10 minutes before the class starts so we we can get you ready. Your class will take place in a private room or a secluded area of the mat.

 03.

 #### EXPERIENCE THE BEST BJJ IN WOBURN
 The class itself is customized to your experience level, goals and needs. You will learn how to move properly, what to do in common realistic situations and how to make the most of your time in group classes when you become a member.

 04.

 #### MAKE A PLAN, SIGN UP & START TRAINING!
 We finish the class and step into the office for a chat. You can ask questions, give feedback and sign up for a membership.

 ### "I WISH I HAD STARTED SOONER"
 That is probably the number one feedback we hear from our students. Well, you can't rewind the clock but you can give Brazilian Jiu jitsu a try today and avoid future regrets - book your free intro now!

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## ABOUT US
 Fenix Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was founded in 2007 in Woburn, MA by Coach Ron Campos, a martial artist with 25+ years of experience, including BJJ, Judo, Wrestling, and MMA. With over 50 classes per week (early mornings, noon and afternoons/evenings) Fenix teaches Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to children from 3 years old and up, teenagers and adults of all ages and experience levels.

 Fenix Woburn is located at 911, Main Street in Woburn, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Woburn, Burlington, Reading, Bedford, Andover, Lexington, Stoneham, Lynnfield, Billerica, Wakefield, Winchester, Wilmington, Lowell, Lawrence & North Andover.

 Fenix Tewksbury is located at 1830, Main Street, Tewksbury, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Tewksbury, Andover, Wilmington, Lowell, Middleton, Tyngsborough, Lawrence, Reading, Lowell, Pelham, Dracut, Burlington, Lynnfield, Billerica & North Andover.

 Get in touch today for a FREE 1-on-1 introductory class!

 ## QUICK LINKS

 ## CONTACT
 Tewksbury, MA

 1830 Main St, Tewksbury, MA 01876, United States of America

 339-221-2306

 fenixbjjtewksbury@gmail.com

 Woburn, MA

 911 Main St, Woburn, MA 01801, United States of America

 781-420-0390

 bjjfenix@gmail.com

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
