---
source_url: http://www.fenixbjj.com
final_url: https://www.fenixbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:24.177Z
---

BOOK A FREE INTRO

 BOOK A FREE INTRO

 # 18 Years of 5-Star Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Woburn and Tewksbury
 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu programs designed for absolute beginners, black belts and everyone in between
 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS Join us for a free, one-on-one intro class customized to your level and experience (limited spots available)

 ## Fenix Brazilian Jiu JitsuExtraordinary Brazilian jiu jitsu in Woburn & Tewksbury, MA
 The first Fenix Brazilian Jiu Jitsu location opened in 2007. Since then thousands of people have learned with us. Today over 400 active members train regularly at our Woburn and Tewksbury BJJ gyms.

 Book your free introductory class today and join a team worth being part of!

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## TWO Locations, one team
 View contact information, map, facilities info and class schedule for our two BJJ gyms in the Boston area.

 ### Woburn, MA VISIT WOBURN

 ### Tewksbury, MA VISIT TEWKSBURY

 MEMBERSHIP PERKS

 NO LONG-TERM CONTRACTS OR YEARLY FEES : Avoid having to commit for a full year or multiple months. Our memberships run on a month-to-month basis (with a 30-day notice in case of resignation) and with monthly prices locked for one year.

 YEAR-ROUND TRAINING : New students can join the team throughout the year. Classes take place continuously (even during summer months and school-break periods ).

 DISCOUNTS AND MEMBERSHIP BUNDLES : Take advantage of our discounts and special offers for multiple family members, female students, law enforcement, military and fire fighters.

 ## OUR Programs
 Classes for children, teens and adults of all levels. Click to learn more, or sign up for a free one-on-one intro class and get started today!

 ### Kids BJJ Classes For Ages 3-12

 ### Adults / Teens BJJ Classes For Adults and Ages 13+

 BOOK A FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## Why Brazilian Jiu jitsu?

 ### Physical
 Go from where you are to where you want to be. Show up to class, listen to the coaches, train hard, and the rest will take care of itself.

 ### Mental
 Give your mind a break from mental rumination and over-thinking. Relieve stress and keep your mind at ease.

 ### Social
 " If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together ". Bring a friend or make 100 new ones and stay motivated on the mat.

 ## WHAT OUR MEMBERS ARE SAYING
 Our community of over 400 active members is a huge part of what makes us the best BJJ gym in the area. Check out what they have to say:

 “Fenix Tewksbury is home to some of the most genuine people you will find anywhere. I couldn’t ask for a better place to start jiu jitsu and a better group of people to train with."

 ##### Justin Torname

 “Great training and great people. Perfect for a seasoned competitor or someone who’s never done jiu jitsu and has no martial arts experience. You always learn something new, get an awesome workout, and leave feeling great."

 ##### Joseph Cameron

 “Great staff that is attentive and patient. They are excellent teachers and its a great environment for learning. Highly recommended"

 ##### Jose Otero

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ### INSIDE FENIX
 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 #### STAY IN THE LOOP: FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
 ###### WOBURN

 ###### TEWKSBURY

 ### "I WISH I HAD STARTED SOONER"
 That is probably the number one feedback we hear from our students. Well, you can't rewind the clock but you can give Brazilian Jiu jitsu a try today and avoid future regrets - book your free intro now!

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## ABOUT US
 Fenix Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was founded in 2007 in Woburn, MA by Coach Ron Campos, a martial artist with 25+ years of experience, including BJJ, Judo, Wrestling, and MMA. With over 50 classes per week (early mornings, noon and afternoons/evenings) Fenix teaches Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to children from 3 years old and up, teenagers and adults of all ages and experience levels.

 Fenix Woburn is located at 911, Main Street in Woburn, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Woburn, Burlington, Reading, Bedford, Andover, Lexington, Stoneham, Lynnfield, Billerica, Wakefield, Winchester, Wilmington, Lowell, Lawrence & North Andover.

 Fenix Tewksbury is located at 1830, Main Street, Tewksbury, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Tewksbury, Andover, Wilmington, Lowell, Middleton, Tyngsborough, Lawrence, Reading, Lowell, Pelham, Dracut, Burlington, Lynnfield, Billerica & North Andover.

 Get in touch today for a FREE 1-on-1 introductory class!

 ## QUICK LINKS

 ## CONTACT
 Tewksbury, MA

 1830 Main St, Tewksbury, MA 01876, United States of America

 339-221-2306

 fenixbjjtewksbury@gmail.com

 Woburn, MA

 911 Main St, Woburn, MA 01801, United States of America

 781-420-0390

 bjjfenix@gmail.com

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
