---
source_url: https://maumaubjj.com
final_url: https://maumaubjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:11.232Z
---

BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 ## MAU MAU BJJ

 ## Academy

 - BJJ Kids - Adult BJJ - No Gi - BJJ fundamentals - Muay Thai - Muay Thai Kids

 KNOW MORE

 Mau Mau BJJ Academy

 - (781) 363-7586 - (781) 874-1489 - (781) 363-7586 - WhatsApp - Instagram - Facebook

 ## Meet our head instructor

 SPORT: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 RANK: BLACK BELT By Master Julio Cesar Pereira
 ASSOCIATION: Grappling Fight Team (GFTEAM).
 Born in Rio de Janeiro Brazil, residing in Boston, Massachusetts, Mau Mau began training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at the age of 12.
 Mau Mau’s uprising has already won several titles in Brazil and in the United States. He has won the World Champion (Worlds), Pan Ams, South American among many others. Mau Mau fights at Medium weight and will always participate in Open Weight as well.

 INSTRUCTOR MAU MAU

 ### Mau Mau (Robson de Lima)

 ## ABOUT MAU MAU BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 Learn authentic Brazilian jiu Jitsu at Mau Mau Brazilian jiu Jitsu Academy
 Mau Mau Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy is located at 1011 Fellsway, Medford, MA – 02155. Our Academy is a proud affiliate of the world famous Grappling Fight Team – GFTeam. Here you will receive the best instruction in Massachusetts and enjoy a fun, friendly, safe and clean environment!

 - Parking lot. - Cleaned daily. - Over 1,400 sq/ft of mat space. - A Lounge area with complimentary wi-fi. - Climate controlled facility with Air Conditioning and Heating.

 More About BJJ Academy

 ### Mau Mau Academy Programs

 ##### BJJ Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Robson Mau Mau

 View Program

 ##### BJJ Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Fundamentals)

 Robson Mau Mau
 Flávio Dos Santos

 View Program

 ##### BJJ Adult Jiu-Jitsu (No Gi)

 Robert McCarron

 View Program

 ##### Muay Thai Kids & Adult

 –

 View Program

 ## Schedule

 Check back often or contact Mau Mau BJJ at 781-874-1489 | 782-363-7586 for schedule updates and cancellations.
 *Schedule subject to change. Please arrive 15 minutes early for classes
 Schedule BJJ Academy .

 Jiu Jitsu

 MUAY THAI

 PRIVATE LESSONS

 Contact

 Gallery

 ## Photo Gallery

 We believe our work speaks for itself. Browse our most recent projects below.

 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau BJJ graduation with the presence of Master Julio GFTeam
 Mau Mau Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Medford, Massachusetts
 Mau Mau Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Medford, MA - Mau Mau BJJ
 Mau Mau Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Medford, MA - BJJ Kids
 Mau Mau Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Medford, MA - BJJ Women
 Graduation of the students of Jiu-jitsu 2023 Mau Mau BJJ Academy
 About Graduation of the students of Jiu-jitsu 2023 Mau Mau BJJ Academy
 Graduation of the students of Jiu-jitsu 2023 Mau Mau BJJ Academy

 More Fotos

 ## Jiu-jitsu news

 ## Blog Mau Mau

 ## Mau Mau BJJ Academy Medford Jiu-Jitsu Student Graduation Party

 Mau Mau BJJ Academy is more than a martial arts academy; we are a family. Visit Mau Mau BJJ Academy, Medford, GFTeam Massachusetts. Oss
 READ MORE

 ## Muay Thai Program for Kids

 Join our Muay Thai group for kids. Schedule a free trial class for children at Mau Mau BJJ Academy in Medford, MA.
 READ MORE

 ## Fight To Win 278: Boston – 11/04

 Very happy to, once again, be on the mat representing my team GFTEAM and everyone at MauMau BJJ at the F2W 278 event, against this beast that I already had the pleasure of meeting!
 READ MORE

 ## Why is Starting Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Ideal for Children and Adults?

 Come train with Robson Mau Mau and his team and discover the power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu that transforms lives!
 READ MORE

 PARTNER.

 ## Partner
