---
source_url: https://marcioandrejiujitsu.com/preschool-bjj-classes-ahwatukee/
final_url: https://marcioandrejiujitsu.com/preschool-bjj-classes-ahwatukee/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:18.049Z
---

- (480) 687-4006 - 14647 S. 50th Street, Suite C-172, Phoenix, Ahwatukee, AZ 85044

 # Ahwatukee Preschool Martial Arts, Now Offering In-Person Classes!

 ## Get a Life-Changing Preschool Martial Arts Class in Ahwatukee... COMPLETELY FREE!

 “I can’t believe the difference.” Our amazing Preschool Martial Arts Program is offering classes here in Ahwatukee! Boosts your child’s focus, respect, confidence, and social skills… while they have FUN.

 Everything included:

 1 FREE Trial Class

 Experienced Instructors

 - 14647 S. 50th Street, Suite C-172, Phoenix, Ahwatukee, AZ 85044

 Fill out the form below to

 ### get your Class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 ## So Much More Than Punches & Kicks. Changes Lives.

 Martial arts is not just martial arts. It’s a tool we use to help kids become leaders.
 Hundreds of parents here in Ahwatukee can’t believe the incredible transformation.

 ## So Much FUN! While Teaching Respect, Discipline & Focus!

 We don’t have many rules here, but they’re very rigorously enforced. As a result, kids learn and develop strong, healthy boundaries. And boundaries are so essential to helping kids thrive.
 Discipline and respect flourish within a few short weeks. This is why Parents LOVE our Preschool Martial Arts Program here in Ahwatukee.

 ## Prepares Your Child For Success In Life.

 Kids who train in martial arts have a higher success rate in school. Why? Discipline, focus, goal setting, and drive. Martial arts instills these incredible traits in your child, every time they come.
 That’s what makes our Ahwatukee Preschool Martial Arts Classes so Powerful.

 ### Get a Life-Changing Preschool Martial Arts Class in Ahwatukee... COMPLETELY FREE!

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 GET MY CHILD'S Class PASS!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "Our twins have learned the true meaning of respect, commitment, sportsmanship , and discipline."

 "We do it as a family, and our kids love it . The coaches and students are so welcoming! "

 " My boys started about a year ago and love it "

 " I love how Marcio & staff have patience for the kids."

 "Marcio is world-class, and the whole team is unbelievably nice! "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Children's Martial Arts Program

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Do Parents Need To Stay?
 We don’t require parents to stay during classes. However, we do find that parents who get involved with their kids martial arts lessons, truly build a solid connection as they see their child grow in confidence and skill as they progress through their belt ranks. And building strong family units is important to us at Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for our Ahwatukee community.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sports in!

 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Ahwatukee has martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. We are sure you will be too!

 My Child Has ADHD, Will Martial Arts Help?
 Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes, is that it’s an individual sport, done in a group environment. We find that all of our students improve their focus, self control, discipline and social skills. The best part is that they don’t even realize the growth they are making! They just think they are having fun!
 The best way to find out for yourself, is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. Book it now! You will be glad you did!

 Are Parents Allowed to Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? S imply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 My Child Is Not Athletic, Will They Feel Left Out?
 Not at all. You will find that martial arts classes are the PERFECT sport for kids who aren’t connecting with other sports. Martial arts classes is an individual after school activity, that is done in a group.
 The journey from white belt to black belt is different for each student but what is the same for everyone is that they improve coordination, balance, motor skills, focus and discipline. They also make a lot of great friends in the process!
 Our instructors are highly skilled in teaching martial arts. It’s their PASSION!

 My Child Is Addicted To Computer Games, Will This Be Suitable?
 This is probably the BEST kids activity for children who enjoy screen time.
 Getting kids active, without them realizing they are learning, is our skill. Kicking and punching pads is such a great stress relief, that kids feel better when they leave our studio!
 Many Ahwatukee parents find that once their kids start martial arts classes, they see a happier, more social child develop right before their eyes. You’ll be glad they started classes!
 PLUS…. Most kids LOVE being a ninja!

 ### Fill out the form below to get your Class pass today!

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 GET MY Class PASS! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
