---
source_url: https://marcioandrejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://marcioandrejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:18.163Z
---

## SELF DEFENSE FOR BOTH CHILDREN AND ADULTS!

 - marcioandrejiujitsu@gmail.com - (480) 687-4006

 Menu

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids, Teens & Adults

 Confidence • Discipline • Fitness • Real Self-Defense Beginner friendly. No experience needed.

 - Real results. Real confidence. Real Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Book Your FREE Intro Class

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Program 🔻 Select A Program Preschool Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Teen Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Marcio Andre Recovery Summer Camp

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Preschool BJJin Ahwatukee, Chandler, Tempe and Phoenix The perfect blend of building gross motor skills and having TONS of fun! Our Preschool BJJ program in Ahwatukee gives your little one the tools they need to prepare for school and life.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Kids BJJin Ahwatukee, Chandler, Tempe and Phoenix Kids BJJ classes in Ahwatukee will help your child develop confidence and street smarts that will stay with them for the rest of their lives! Brazilian jiu jitsu classes for kids in Ahwatukee teaches them the proper training and form to protect themselves while having TONS of fun!

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen BJJin Ahwatukee, Chandler, Tempe and Phoenix The ultimate tech alternative that gets teens active and engaged- and helps them feel confident, too. Help your teen make friends and get off their screens with our Teen BJJ classes in Ahwatukee!

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult BJJin Ahwatukee, Chandler, Tempe and Phoenix Adult BJJ in Ahwatukee will transform your physique while crushing your fitness goals, all while you learn useful and practical self-defense skills.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## MA Recoveryin Ahwatukee At MA, we offer a dedicated recovery room designed to help you unwind and rejuvenate. Whether you're looking to relax before or after class, you can enjoy our state-of-the-art sauna, invigorating cold plunge, and soothing compression boots. It’s all part of our commitment to your well-being and recovery, so you can feel your best and perform at your peak.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Summer Campin Ahwatukee Join us at our annual summer camp for a fun-filled experience with exciting games and essential self-defense skills. It’s the perfect blend of adventure and learning for an unforgettable summer!

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## why CHOOSE Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 Since we’ve opened, we’ve been dedicated to changing the lives of people one person at a time, through martial arts, education and coaching. We strive to provide a safe, comfortable and welcoming atmosphere for all students and family members in Ahwatukee. We take pride in creating an environment for individuals to achieve, develop and succeed in their personal goals.
 We strongly believe that martial arts can be for everyone, regardless of age, gender or experience levels. Throughout all of our programs, students will not only learn the necessary skill sets to protect themselves, we stand behind our realistic and practical approach, confident it will enable every member to achieve greatness and live their best life.

 "Marcio is world-class, and the whole team is unbelievably nice! "

 "Our twins have learned the true meaning of respect, commitment, sportsmanship , and discipline."

 " They help build my confidence and to believe in myself!"

 " Beautiful instructions are making the art of Jiu Jitsu truly an art. Real technical knowledge. "

 "This is possibly one of the best places to go and train! "

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Martial Arts Programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. You’re kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Ahwatukee martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to Black Belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for Black Belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Ahwatukee are dedicated to helping you on your journey to Black Belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. To take advantage of our limited time offer…. The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Ahwatukee martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Ahwatukee have martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 ### Marcio Andre Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Ahwatukee

 We’re located at 14647 S. 50th Street, Suite C-172, Phoenix , stop by and say hello!
