---
source_url: http://balancestudios.net
final_url: https://www.balancestudios.net/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:32.670Z
---

# Balance Studios Story

 Balance Studios is a multiple award winner of “Best of Philly” and the leading source of instruction in Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Mixed Martial Arts, Muay Thai Kickboxing, Kids Martial Arts, and Women’s Self Defense in Philadelphia.

 Get Started Now

 ## Balance Mission

 Balance Studios is a family-focused studio, prioritizing a positive atmosphere. Our level-specific Muay Thai and Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu courses are designed for beginners, ensuring a comfortable learning experience with peers of similar skill level.

 7 day free trial

 ### Migliarese Bros.

 The Migliarese Brothers are the founders of Balance Studios and have over 30 years of experience in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Boxing. They are considered extended family of the Gracie’s and renowned expert instructors. Don’t settle for just any martial arts studio – the Migliarese Brothers bring authentic, world-class instruction right here to Philadelphia.

 ### Gracie Family Approved!

 The Migliarese family is an extension of the Gracie family, like brothers. He started as boy that swept mats and now teaches Gracie Jiu-Jitsu to the world! He has represented our family very well in Philadelphia for the last 30 years.
 Relson Gracie
 Red Belt

 “The Migliarese bros were at the birth of American jiu jitsu- excellent practitioners and instructors of the discipline.”
 Rorion Gracie
 Red Belt

 "Phil and Rick have been training Gracie Jiu-Jitsu with my family for over 30 years! The Migliarese brothers are very good instructors and great friends of mine! They have helped spread the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu style that my father created!"
 Royce Gracie
 Black belt

 ### We're looking for quality students!

 We seek quality students and offer quality instruction, making us a perfect match. If you’re searching for the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai Kickboxing in Philadelphia, we have what you’re looking for. We screen and filter out negative attitudes and potential hazards to provide a safe and positive atmosphere. Our clean, beautiful studios are filled with dedicated students and instructors who take their martial arts studies seriously. We hope you’ll fall in love with our amazing staff and facility on your first visit.

 Get Started Now

 ### Our Programs:

 ### Fishtown – Center City – Northeast Philadelphia

 ### 7 Days Free! No Experience Necessary

 Join us for a 7-day free trial of beginner Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai. Get familiar with our studio, instructors, and teachings during your orientation week. This opportunity is for absolute beginners and helps you determine if Balance Studios is the right fit for you.

 Get Started Now
