---
source_url: http://missionmmachicago.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://missionmmachicago.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.500Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chicago ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Mission MMA And Fitness. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Chicago Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Chicago! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Chicago will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Mission MMA And Fitness Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Whether you're here in Chicago, or nearby in West Loop or West Town, join us today.
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Chicago's Premier MMA Gym Request information

 This gym has it all! A great clean and vibrant environment. The coaches are truly elite and I can't emphasize this enough! I went to other gyms that had decent coaches but these guys will just keep you hooked. These coaches and members are my family and they will get me to my Mission! :) <3!!!

 Mission MMA is hands down one of the best martial arts gyms in Chicago. It's a great place to train and to get a great workout in. Awesome people, knowledgeable staff, and a great facility.

 I have attended their "better than bootcamp" class time after time and always leave knowing I got a great workout, worked hard, and had fun with my friends. Mission MMA has great facilities, ample parking, and is a beautiful new gym. I would recommend this gym to anyone looking for a challenging workout, wanting to try something new, or maintaining their health. The staff is super helpful with any questions about memberships and keep those white mats clean!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
