---
source_url: http://missionmmachicago.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://missionmmachicago.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.811Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu & Kickboxing in Chicago ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Mission MMA And Fitness. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Your Child Started with Martial Arts in Chicago Our kids kickboxing and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Chicago, near West Loop and West Town are the perfect way to introduce your child to the world of martial arts. These classes will help your child develop discipline, focus, and self-confidence while getting in important physical activity and positive socialization.
 Through a variety of exercises, drills, and techniques, children will develop the strength and skills they need to improve overall physical fitness while mastering a new sport. With the guidance of our highly skilled coaches, students will practice teamwork and social skills, training together to achieve a common goal.
 Ready to learn more? Fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 #### Unleash Your Child’s Potential with Our Kids Jiu Jitsu & Kids Kickboxing Classes! Our kids martial arts classes will help your child:
 - Build physical strength, coordination, and endurance - Flourish in a safe and supportive environment - Increase confidence and self-esteem - Learn valuable self-defense technique - Learn to set and achieve goals
 #### Start Your Child's Journey with Mission MMA And Fitness Today Our kids martial arts classes will give your child the opportunity to stay active and develop valuable skills while having fun! If you're in Chicago or nearby in West Loop or West Town, Mission MMA And Fitness is where you should be!
 Fi ll out the form below to learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and kids kickboxing classes!
 Get more information now!

 ## Chicago's Premier MMA Gym Request information

 This gym has it all! A great clean and vibrant environment. The coaches are truly elite and I can't emphasize this enough! I went to other gyms that had decent coaches but these guys will just keep you hooked. These coaches and members are my family and they will get me to my Mission! :) <3!!!

 Mission MMA is hands down one of the best martial arts gyms in Chicago. It's a great place to train and to get a great workout in. Awesome people, knowledgeable staff, and a great facility.

 I have attended their "better than bootcamp" class time after time and always leave knowing I got a great workout, worked hard, and had fun with my friends. Mission MMA has great facilities, ample parking, and is a beautiful new gym. I would recommend this gym to anyone looking for a challenging workout, wanting to try something new, or maintaining their health. The staff is super helpful with any questions about memberships and keep those white mats clean!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
