---
source_url: http://kuleanajj.com
final_url: https://www.kuleanajj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:55.122Z
---

# KULEANA JIU-JITSU # Sunnyvale, CA
 Northern California’s premier Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai training facility. Featuring high quality coaching, family environment and one of the largest mats in the Bay Area!

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ### OUR PROGRAMS

 NOGI JIU-JITSU

 Grappling meets innovation! Sunnyvale's top NOGI program is tailored for all levels. Join us now and explore fluid movements and adaptability in every roll.

 LEARN MORE
 MUAY THAI

 Combining the Ancient Muay Thai with modern techniques, step into the the Striking Excellence with Kuleana Jiu-Jitsu's top combat program. Whether you're a seasoned fighter or just starting your journey, our experienced instructors will guide you towards the next professional.

 LEARN MORE
 JIU-JITSU (GI)

 Holistic approach to grappling, technique and mental fortitude, dive into Kuleana Jiu-Jitsu's top Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program. Crafted for beginners and advanced practitioners aiming to refine their Jiu-Jitsu skills to the next level.

 LEARN MORE

 # WE ARE DEDICATED TO YOUR GROWTH, HEALTH, AND WELLNESS.
 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 View more

 #### "Kuleana Jiu-Jitsu embraces you with open arms, offering a judgment-free environment dedicated to helping you become your best self. Our membership includes both digital and in-person programs designed to support you in reaching your fitness and technical goals."

 What Our Members Say...

 "Have been training here many months now. Everyone is super welcoming and fun. Darren is a great instructor and always takes the time to not only explain the moves to you but also feel comfortable in the class. All the teammates are super nice too. Also there's always free candy.."

 Wesley Jun

 "One of the best gyms in San Jose! I’ve learned so much through Darren and Machine (Justin) in my jiu-jitsu journey. The community that they’ve built in this gym, is second-to-none, promoting growth and positive vibes at the same time."

 Anthony Benjamin

 "The best Brazilian jiu-jitsu academy. I’ve been training under Darren and Machine for some years now, and they are truly amazing people and coaches.
 They’ve created this family vibe in the academy where there is hard work and respect among the teachers and students.
 There are GI, no GI, wrestling, judo, competition prep, fundamentals and advanced classes, along with Muay Thai and kids classes. You can really build yourself up as an all-around athlete at Kuleana.

 We compete, potluck, train and grow together. Happy to be here."

 Artem Melnykov

 ###### QUICK LINKS

 ###### CONTACT
 ###### (408) 409-5313 ###### info@kuleanajj.com ###### 1133 Sonora Ct, ###### Sunnyvale, CA 94086

 ###### Copyright 2024 Kuleana Jiu-Jitsu

 Share by:
