---
source_url: https://bowencombat.com
final_url: https://bowencombat.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:25.850Z
---

### Faith.Family.Fitness # BOWEN COMBATIVE ARTS ACADEMY

 Join Us Today

 ## Join the Program With a Free Trial Week
 Start Free Trial Membership

 ## scholarships

 ##### We Defy We provide combat veterans coping with military connected disabilities a long term means to overcome their challenges through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and fitness.

 Apply Now

 ##### Adopt a Cop Adopt A Cop BJJ is a program intended to help support SWORN UNIFORMED PATROL OFFICERS that interact daily with the public. We provide officers with a sponsorship to attend Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training at our affiliate gyms until the rank of blue belt.

 Apply Now

 ##### Angels Of America's Fallen Our mission is to see the children of our fallen grow into healthy and successful adults, writing their own stories of success, by finding an activity that they are passionate about and can grow in, with a coach or a mentor.

 Apply Now

 ## faith.family.fitness Bowen Combative Arts Academy is more than a gym or dojo. We started this journey as a calling in faith to support and lift up our community through martial arts. This is our opportunity to give back to soldiers, their families, and the community. We believe that martial arts are a way of life that encompasses training your body for peak performance, disciplining your mind to improve everyday, and growing spiritually as a community to your calling for a higher purpose.

 Join us Today

 ## “

 ## Testimonials

 My husband and I train here and there are not enough words to express how much we love this gym! The owners are amazing and treat us all like family. My husband has exceeded his goals when it comes to competing, all thanks to Professor Donnie and the great training partners here. If you are looking for a family oriented and friendly competition gym, or you’re just looking to get fit through Martial Arts, check out this gym!

 Julianne Kilgore

 Your mind and body will be trained by fantastic instructors. For the Bowens Combative Arts is a way of life to them. They eat, sleep, and breathe this. Try one class and you’ll be hooked.Your mind and body will be trained by fantastic instructors. For the Bowens Combative Arts is a way of life to them. They eat, sleep, and breathe this. Try one class and you’ll be hooked.

 Isaac Billingsly

 We’ve been coming for eight months now and my girls love it! My ballerina girly-girl can’t get enough time on the mats! She’s much more confident and trying enjoys it.

 Teara Krist

 Donnie and Michelle are great at what they do!! Awesome instructors and a great part of the community!

 Barbara Haffner

 Professional training, family friendly environment, and caring leadership & staff! If you’re in the Clarksville area and want to learn realistic, modern, and effective martial arts. BCAA is THE place to be!

 Sean Patton

 This is an awesome environment, all the instructors are friendly and very informative and willing to help. Mr Bowen is very involved in all aspects of training and he cares about every students journey he knows their strengths and weaknesses. He has a top notch staff that cares and is focused on helping everyone succeed. I am 45 and my son age 16 and we have been training here since February2019 and we love it. We couldn’t ask for a better place to train. Our fellow training partners are very helpful and are encouraged to share their knowledge to help their fellow students succeed.

 Jason Robertson

 ### faith.family.fitness ## Get More Info

 Name
 Email Address
 Message
 submit
