---
source_url: http://www.roundersmma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://roundersmma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:11.378Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Santa Ana ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Rounders MMA. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Kids Martial Arts Classes Now Enrolling In Santa Ana! At Rounder’s MMA we incorporate our Kids Martial Arts classes with techniques used in different areas of martial arts. Each of our students will learn effective self-defense moves that can help them in any situation. Our Kids Martial classes are led by enthusiastic, friendly, and skilled trainers who are experienced in working with kids of all ages and skill levels.
 ## Choose A Kids Martial Arts Program Your Child Will Love! Does your child like to roll around on the ground? Do they prefer punching or kicking instead? Here at Rounders, we have lots of options:
 ## Kids Boxing Ages 5-12
 Our boxing class will teach the proper way to perfect the different punches like the jab, uppercut, hook, and cross. We also will be going over proper footwork and head movement techniques including defense, blocking, ducking, and rolling. Your kids will float like a butterfly and sting like a bee!
 ## Kids Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Ages 3 & Up
 In this class, students will learn the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Techniques learned are ground defense and self-defense grappling which include chokes, joint locks, and positional control. Proper techniques on how to apply these moves will be learned with the appropriate use of leverage. Our focus is to prepare students for competitions and self-defense. Children should not be afraid of bullies!
 Required equipment for BJJ: A standard regulation Gi, Mouthguard
 ## Kids MMA Ages 5-12
 This class will focus on mixed martial arts and combine all the martial arts used in MMA. Muay Thai, Boxing, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Wrestling, and fitness.
 Required equipment for MMA: MMA gloves, Shin pads, Mouthguard, Headgear

 ## ## Sign Your Kids Up For Kids Martial Arts Classes in Santa Ana and Fullerton Today! Our classes integrate ethics like respect, courtesy, hard work, and discipline. We want each of our students to evolve not only in terms of their martial arts skills but also as an individual. If you are looking for a way for your child to have fun, stay active, and achieve their goals, simply fill out the short form on the side of this page or stop by for a free trial class today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ### Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Are Located In - Santa Ana - Fullerton - Huntington Beach

 ## Boxing, Muay Thai, MMA, Brazilian Jiujitsu, Kickboxing, Wrestling & More Request information

 I enjoy boxing therefore, I self-taught what I believed were the basics many years ago, soon I found out I knew a little to nothing when I met a couple of instructors (who fought and did well as amateur) they trained me at their house and provided great feedback in areas I needed improvement. A few months ago I came across Rounder’s and met the Gym Staff who are motivating, inspiring, passionate, knowledgeable, and genuine individuals who enjoy what they do. My experience at Rounder’s has been one of kind I have had the privilege to workout with many talented upcoming fighters, witness Alfredo, AKA, El Perro Angulo (23W 5L 0D 19Kos) train before his victory against Hector Munoz, and last but not least I lost 18 lbs while learning boxing fundamentals, developing great relationships, and refining my definitions of determination and discipline. I would encourage anyone to come try a class at least once it’s a new year, reach your health goal with the proper guidance here at Rounder’s.

 Congratulations to Alfonso Montes of Santa Ana who has went from a size 38 waist to a size 34 waist. He has gone down four waist sizes training everyday in the 9am cardio kickboxing class at Rounders MMA and Boxing.

 I've always struggled with weight and I've always felt so insecure because I was never those people with the six pack abs and i would always tell myself I was meant to be just another fat guy! But I told myself "you don't loose weight by being miserable and complaing, you loose weight by taking initiative". I came along Rounders MMA & Boxing about 3 months ago and I have found a home that does nothing but help you be motivated and pushes you to do your best! The coaches are true motivators and super supportive! You never feel judged and you always feel accomplished. When I started at Rounders I was at 201 pounds and I've dropped 20 pounds in 3 months. I'm so happy and can't wait to keep pushing myself! This is only the beginning. Thank you Bao Quach and the rest of the amazing staff!!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
