---
source_url: http://www.roundersmma.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://roundersmma.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:11.739Z
---

# MMA Classes in Santa Ana ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Rounders MMA. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Build Your Skills From The Ground Up With Our MMA Classes In Santa Ana and Fullerton Are you hoping to master every element of competition self-defense? Then join us at Rounders MMA in Santa Ana for challenging and fundamental MMA classes.
 Perfect for professional fighters and amateurs alike, our MMA training can help you overcome any opponent in the octagon and get in great shape in the process. Get started today!
 ## Iron Sharpens Iron In Our MMA Classes! Learn from the best At Rounders MMA. We take pride in offering the highest quality Mixed Martial Arts training around. If you're hoping to compete in the sport, there's no better way to sharpen your skills and build confidence in any situation.
 Our MMA Classes in Santa Ana teach you:
 - Stand-up striking and takedowns - Ground grappling skills - Holds, chokes, and submission strategies - Effective defense from any position
 At Rounders MMA, we're happy to train beginners, however athletes must complete our Jiu Jitsu and striking classes before joining the MMA program.
 ## Join Us In Santa Ana Today For The Best MMA Training Around! Are you ready to get started? To join our MMA Classes in Santa Ana, all we ask is that you show up on a consistent basis , come prepared with sparring equipment , and bring a good attitude to the table each and every class.
 If that sounds like you, just fill out the short form on your screen now! A member of the Rounders MMA team will reach out right away to answer all of your questions!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ### Our Mixed Martial Arts Classes Are Located In - Santa Ana - Fullerton - Huntington Beach

 ## Boxing, Muay Thai, MMA, Brazilian Jiujitsu, Kickboxing, Wrestling & More Request information

 I enjoy boxing therefore, I self-taught what I believed were the basics many years ago, soon I found out I knew a little to nothing when I met a couple of instructors (who fought and did well as amateur) they trained me at their house and provided great feedback in areas I needed improvement. A few months ago I came across Rounder’s and met the Gym Staff who are motivating, inspiring, passionate, knowledgeable, and genuine individuals who enjoy what they do. My experience at Rounder’s has been one of kind I have had the privilege to workout with many talented upcoming fighters, witness Alfredo, AKA, El Perro Angulo (23W 5L 0D 19Kos) train before his victory against Hector Munoz, and last but not least I lost 18 lbs while learning boxing fundamentals, developing great relationships, and refining my definitions of determination and discipline. I would encourage anyone to come try a class at least once it’s a new year, reach your health goal with the proper guidance here at Rounder’s.

 Congratulations to Alfonso Montes of Santa Ana who has went from a size 38 waist to a size 34 waist. He has gone down four waist sizes training everyday in the 9am cardio kickboxing class at Rounders MMA and Boxing.

 I've always struggled with weight and I've always felt so insecure because I was never those people with the six pack abs and i would always tell myself I was meant to be just another fat guy! But I told myself "you don't loose weight by being miserable and complaing, you loose weight by taking initiative". I came along Rounders MMA & Boxing about 3 months ago and I have found a home that does nothing but help you be motivated and pushes you to do your best! The coaches are true motivators and super supportive! You never feel judged and you always feel accomplished. When I started at Rounders I was at 201 pounds and I've dropped 20 pounds in 3 months. I'm so happy and can't wait to keep pushing myself! This is only the beginning. Thank you Bao Quach and the rest of the amazing staff!!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
