---
source_url: http://mchughbjjcollingswood.com
final_url: https://mchughbjjcollingswood.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:24.726Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 # JIU-JITSU CLASSES THAT WILL TRANSFORM YOUR LIFE Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of age, gender, or athletic ability. We're here to help you experience the magic of Jiu Jitsu in a safe, supportive, and beginner-friendly environment! Start the Jiu Jitsu journey, and see how quickly you become more fit, more confident, and more capable.
 Our new location in Collingswood, New Jersey is NOW OPEN!
 - Learn exciting self-defense skills that WORK
 - Enhance speed, stamina, and strength
 - Sharpen mental focus & improve self-confidence

 ## CHECK OUT OUR EXCLUSIVE WEBSITE DEAL--4 WEEKS FOR $99!! SIGN UP TODAY! ####

 ## EXCITING AND DYNAMIC JIU-JITSU PROGRAMS TO BRING OUT THE BEST IN YOU Our mission is to make World Class Jiu Jitsu accessible. That means classes are exciting and the culture of our academy is welcoming. Our talented instructors and staff are passionate about sharing Jiu Jitsu, because we know how much it can improve your life!
 Drop by our new location in Collingswood, New Jersey to get started!
 Get Started Now
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## LET'S FIND THE RIGHT PROGRAM FOR YOU Tiny Sharks (ages 3 & 4)

 Little Sharks (ages 5 & 6)

 Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 Adult Jiu-Jitsu

 ## SIGN UP NOW AND GET STARTED! ####

 ##
