---
source_url: https://graciejiujitsustpete.com
final_url: https://graciejiujitsustpete.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:06.719Z
---

# Gracie HumaitA: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy Gracie HumaitA: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy Gracie HumaitA: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy Gracie HumaitA: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 St. Petersburg Gracie Jiu-Jitsu
 Honor - Family - Legacy

 Call to Signup for a free : 727-348-6564

 ## Book A Free Trial Class Today ###### Thank you for considering joining our team!

 Adults Class Kids Class

 ## DON'T JUST TAKE OUR WORD FOR IT...

 ## Oceans BJJ is Gracie Humaita St. Petersburg-FL Check out this introduction Gracie Jiu-Jitsu video

 ## Come See Us #### Get Started Today! If you are ready to start learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, message me to get started! Everyone has a unique situation, and I'll strive to accommodate yours.

 #### Gracie Humaita St Petersburg / Oceans BJJ 6798 Crosswinds Drive North, Suite E-104, St. Petersburg, Florida 33710, United States
 Phone: 727-348-6564 email: graciejiujitsustpete@gmail.com

 #### Hours Open today | 09:00 – 21:00 |

 Send Message
 #### Send Message Name

 Email*

 Phone

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Send Message

 Get directions

 ## WHY gracie jiu-jitsu / OCEANS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSu? #### Knowledgeable Training Expertise Direct guidance and coaching from a certified Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt - professor Leandro.
 Learn from dedicated and skilled instructor with over 20 years of Jiu Jitsu experience teaching, competing, and helping students reach their goals.
 We will work with you to keep you on track and motivated to reach your goals.
 #1 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu academy in St. Petersburg

 #### The Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Legacy #### The Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Legacy
 Gracie Humaita is one of the most traditional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academies, which is deeply connected to the founders of the art, being also one of the juggernauts of BJJ in its competitive scene.
 To start describing the beginning of Gracie Humaita we need to go back to 1925.

 #### Your Success is Our Goal #### Your Success is Our Goal #### The Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Legacy
 We understand that adapting new habits is difficult and often times fails. Our goal is to change your view of Martial Arts; Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu becomes apart of who you are and your lifestyle. We strongly believe that if you practice healthy habits, you will be able to obtain a healthy lifestyle.

 #### One Team, One Family #### Your Success is Our Goal #### Health and Confidence
 Practice Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, one of the most effective forms of self-defense in the world!
 Be part of a great team and program!
 Experience the camaraderie of committed Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu students!
 Meet new friends in St. Petersburg; have a great time!

 #### Health and Confidence #### Your Success is Our Goal #### Health and Confidence
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu delivers a full-body cardiovascular workout unlike anything else you've tried
 Lose weight and increase overall fitness levels
 Gain confidence and self-discipline

 ## Learn More About our Programs #### Kids BJJ Program Gracie Jiu-Jitsu - Focusing on bully-proofing kids 4 to 14 years old

 #### Adults BJJ Program Focusing on Teaching Jiu Jitsu Gi and No-Gi Adult Programs in St. Petersburg - FL

 #### Women in BJJ #### Women in BJJ
 Empowering Women!
 Learn how to avoid and evade dangerous situations
 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu offers both Self-defense and competition BJJ

 #### Schedule #### Women in BJJ
 Offering several classes (Kids and Adults; Gi and No-Gi) in St. Petersburg. Check our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu schedule.

 #### Visitors Welcoming Jiu Jitsu visitors from all over the world
 St. Petersburg is one of the leading destination on the Gulf Coast in the U.S., dr awing mi llions of visitors to the area.

 #### We are Proud Members of the We Defy Foundation - Support our Veterans We provide combat veterans coping with military connected disabilities a long term means to overcome their challenges through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and fitness training.

 ## About US #### We are a proud member of the Gracie Humaita Competition Team / Megaton Jiu-Jitsu Competition Team. Gracie Humaita St Petersburg (Oceans BJJ) was founded on the belief that through Jiu-Jitsu we can change lives.

 We are more than just a martial arts studio. Our primary mission is to help our students improve their overall health, build their self-confidence, and feel comfortable applying simple, but effective self-defense techniques, in real life situations, if ever needed.

 Give us a try and see why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is one of the fastest growing martial arts in the world.

 Gracie Humaita Team Meeting

 ## Gracie Humaita St Pete - Head Instructor #### Professor Leandro Massaro "Coach" My name is Leandro Massaro. I'm a fitness coach, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black-belt under legendary Wellington “Megaton” Dias.

 IBJJF (International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation) Certified Black Belt

 I have been a dedicated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu student, practitioner, and athlete since 2000; earning medals in some of Jiu-Jitsu’s most prominent tournaments, including: Masters World Championship, American Nationals, Pan-American Championship, Arizona State, and Asian Open Championship.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has always played a crucial role in my life; it has literally helped me become what I am today. Jiu-Jitsu pushed me to get out of my comfort zone and shaped me into a better version of myself; someone healthier, happier, and more confident.

 I’m a firm believer that hard work, dedication, honesty, and integrity are the pillars for success. Over the past 21 years; Jiu Jitsu has helped me forge friendships that will last a lifetime.

 I have had the privilege of working, training, and competing with some of the best in the sport.

 🏆 2011 IBJJF No-Gi World Tournament in California as a Brown Belt (Master Division).
 🏆 2012-2013 IBJJF ranked top 5 in the world (Brown Belt – Master 2 Division), both in Gi and No-Gi.
 🏆 2021 IBJJF ended the season ranked Top 10 Black Belt Middle Weight Master 4 Division (out of 152 athletes), and Top 50 in the overall Master 4 Black Belt Division (out of 729 athletes).
 🏆 2022 3rd Place in the European Championship - Black Belt
 🏆 2022 1st Place in the Dublin, Ireland Open - Black Belt
 🏆 2022 2nd Place in the Masters International North America - Black Belt

 ## OUR ROOTS - OUR LINEAGE
 Helio Gracie => Royler Gracie => Wellington “Megaton” Dias => Leandro Massaro

 We are a proud member of the Gracie Humaita Competition Team / Megaton Jiu Jitsu Competition Team. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in St. Petersburg - FL

 ## Master Helio Gracie #### Additional Information Helio Gracie was a 9th degree red belt and arguably the most important figure in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ‘s history. One of the first Gracie Jiu Jitsu representatives in the 1930’s and 1940’s he was also the father and master of many fighters who carried the name of his family’s trade to martial arts’ mainstream in the early 1990’s, competitors such as Royler , Rickson or Royce Gracie . His lineage and legacy are among the strongest in Jiu Jitsu and he is regarded as one of the fathers of the Brazilian grappling art.

 Favorite Technique: Cross Choke.
 Weight Division: Aprox. 65kg (139lbs)
 Main Achievements:
 - #1 ranked fighter in Vale-Tudo (NHB) for most of his competitive career.
 Team/Affiliation: Gracie Jiu Jitsu.

 ## Master Royler Gracie #### Additional Information Royler Gracie is the son of Gracie jiu jitsu Grandmaster Helio Gracie and a legend in jiu jitsu and submission wrestling of his own merit, having been the first “King of BJJ’s Featherweight Division” setting the record of world championships at the time. Royler Gracie also ventured in mixed martial arts (MMA) ending his career in 2006, and excelled as a coach, leading the Gracie Humaitá academy in Rio de Janeiro, developing fighters like “Megaton” Dias , Alexandre Ribeiro , Omar Salum , Renato Barreto and many others. In 2010 Royler moved to San Diego, California (USA) where he opened his own academy.

 Lineage: Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie > Helio Gracie > Royler Gracie
 Main Achievements:
 - World Champion (1996, 1997, 1998, 1999) - Pan American Champion (1997, 1999) - ADCC Champion (1999, 2000, 2001)
 Weight Division: Peso Pena (Featherweight) 70kg/154lbs
 Team/Association: Gracie Humaita

 ## Master Wellington "Megaton" Dias #### Additional Information Professor Megaton has over 30 years of experience training and competing in the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu; he is one of the most renowned, respected, and sought-after BJJ instructors in the world.

 Wellington Dias, most commonly known in the Jiu Jitsu community as “Megaton”, is a Judo and BJJ black belt famous for a competitive drive which has kept him at the top of his game for two decades. This Gracie Humaitá team representative is the only Jiu Jitsu fighter to have competed in all first 16 editions of the World BJJ Championships as a black belt (from 1996 until 2018), having reached the podium on 4 occasions. Megaton is also the father of Brazilian jiu jitsu star Mackenzie Dern .

 Weight Division: Super Feather Weight and Feather Weight
 Team/Association: Gracie Humaitá

 ## The Physical and Mental Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Get a Full-Body Cardiovascular Workout Unlike Anything You’ve Ever Tried with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu! Brazilian jiu-jitsu is more than just a sport. It’s more than a martial art. It’s a way to change your life.

 The fact that Brazilian jiu-jitsu will change your body cannot be denied. You can physically see your body changing with every day or week.

 What you can’t see is the improvements in your overall health as a result of training.

 Beyond any physical improvements that come as a result of Brazilian jiu-jitsu are the mental improvements that are often overlooked. First, the process of learning a technique requires as much mental activity as it does physical.

 #### TOP 5 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD CONSIDER BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU Weight-Loss and Getting in Shape

 Feel confident; learn techniques that will prepare you to defend yourself and your family

 Stress Relief

 Making Friends and Having fun

 Energy, Critical Thinking, and Problem Solving

 Book Free Class - Adults

 ## Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Self Defense
 MASTER ROYLER GRACIE AND LETICIA RIBEIRO showcase Gracie Jiu-Jitsu technique in a series of self-defense moves.

 Self-Defense is a key component of Gracie Humaita St. Petersburg Jiu Jitsu training curriculum.

 ## Instagram

 ## Social

 #### Brazilian Jiu-jitsu program Learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Self-Defense with the help of a certified Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt. Click below to schedule a call with professor Leandro.

 Speak to Professor Leandro

 ## Subscribe Sign up for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Gracie Humaita St. Petersburg / Oceans BJJ news, updates, events, etc.
 Email Address

 Sign up

 ## Student Services ###### This section of the website is for existing students.

 Freeze Membership Cancel Membership

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
