---
source_url: http://www.jungstkd.com
final_url: http://jungstkd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:32.543Z
---

JUNG’S TAE KWON DO ACADEMY
 Since 1973
 Read the essays in the “ESSAYS” section! Some of the best essays you can find–written from the heart, not the head! These essays are enjoyed by people from all over the world. I, Grandmaster Jung, personally recommend them.
 ## Pilsung! Jung’s Tae Kwon Do has been here for over fifty years. It is our mission to teach the tenets of taekwondo; courtesy, integrity, perserverance, self-control, and indomitable spirit. Tae Kwon Do is a wonderful way to build physical fitness, mental discipline, and to meet a fun community! If you are curious about Tae Kwon Do, call Master Jung at 319-363-2425 and set up an appointment for a free assessment, taking no longer than seven minutes, and start as soon as this week!

 #### Mr. Jung opens the doors to his extensive knowledge, inviting individuals of all ages, genders, backgrounds, and abilities to embark on a journey of self-discovery through martial arts. #### Tae Kwon Do, for Mr. Jung, is not just a sport or discipline—it’s a profound way of life. Rooted in the core principles of Courtesy, Integrity, Perseverance, Self-Control, and Indomitable Spirit, Grandmaster Jung instills these values in every student, ensuring they are not only mastered in the studio but also integrated into daily life. #### We proudly uphold a unique style that transcends the competitive focus often seen in Olympic-style Tae Kwon Do. Our “family style” approach blends traditional techniques with modern teaching methods, fostering not only technical proficiency but also enhancing confidence, coordination, and overall well-being. Through our inclusive atmosphere, students have the opportunity to forge lasting friendships with peers from across the nation, enriching their martial arts journey with camaraderie and support. #### Providing expert instruction in the art of Tae Kwon Do , Cedar Rapids and surrounding area’s. Jungs Tae Kwon Do, classes offer an excellent all around family activity. There’s no better way to give the gift of long healthy life. Add significant days, months, even years to your life by learning from the sages.
