---
source_url: https://www.victorymmacolorado.com/programs/fitness
final_url: https://www.victorymmacolorado.com/programs/fitness
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:17.537Z
---

# FITNESS

 All athletes and martial artists need to be in the best shape possible to achieve their goals. At Victory MMA, our coaches and instructors guide workouts and fitness for maximum results with hands-on instructions on all workout exercises. Fitness classes are an excellent complement to martial arts to tone and condition your body. Our goal is to produce the most trained and conditioned athletes for competition or success in their daily lives.
 ​
 Victory MMA fitness classes include Strength Class, the Workout of the Day, and open gym time to use the expansive fitness stations. The Workout of the Day is for every student 14 years and older. Although not required, it is recommended for everyone looking to improve fitness and become a well-conditioned athlete.

 ### FITNESS TIMES
 ###### MONDAY 12PM - OPEN GYM 4:30PM - OPEN GYM TUESDAY 4:30PM - OPEN GYM WEDNESDAY 4:30PM - OPEN GYM THURSDAY 4:30PM - OPEN GYM FRIDAY 11AM - OPEN GYM 4:30PM - OPEN GYM SATURDAY 10AM - STRENGTH AND CONDITIONING

 ### ALL PROGRAMS WE OFFER
 ### MMA
 MMA classes at Victory MMA are designed to teach beginners the basics of MMA and perfect the art for professionals

 ### MUAY THAI KICKBOXING
 Kickboxing classes teach students the art of striking using kicks, knees, elbows, punches and clinch work with speed and accuracy

 ### BRAZILLIAN JIU JITSU
 Jiu-Jitsu classes allow all people to compete using leverage, pressure, timing and angles instead of brute force.

 ### WRESTLING
 Grappling classes develop students in wrestling and no-gi grappling using takedowns, throws and jiu jitsu groundwork to grow grapplers of all levels.

 ### BOXING
 Boxing classes are designed to perfect the basics of punches, stances and footwork – and hone their individual style.

 ### FITNESS
 Fitness classes are designed to grow students of all levels in their own strength and conditioning – allowing them to train at their best.

 ### READY TO GET STARTED AT VICTORY MMA?
 START YOUR TRIAL WEEK
