---
source_url: https://www.victorymmacolorado.com/programs/jiujitsu
final_url: https://www.victorymmacolorado.com/programs/jiujitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:19.009Z
---

# JIU JITSU

 Jiu-Jitsu is from the Japanese “Jū,” meaning “gentle,” and “Jutsu,” meaning “art.” Therefore, Jiu-Jitsu is a gentle art. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a ground-based martial art. It uses leverage, pressure, timing, and angles to accomplish a non-violent submission of your opponent. Victory MMA’s Jiu-Jitsu classes include close contact grappling techniques with holds, chokes, and joint manipulation. Jiu-Jitsu classes teach students a combination of dynamic and explosive movements with pressure-based pulling, pushing, and holding. Jiu-Jitsu is a great cardio workout that develops strength, muscle tone and promotes weight loss. It also improves balance, body awareness, and reaction time.
 ​
 Victory MMA Jiu-Jitsu classes are also more than a physical workout. It is a mental workout as well. Students are challenged with mastering a martial art with limitless variations of techniques and movements. Students also must plan their next steps while quickly responding to their opponent’s movements. Jiu-Jitsu is an exercise for both the body and mind.
 ​
 Victory MMA Jiu-Jitsu classes are designed for any student. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is unique in that anyone can learn and compete regardless of size, age, gender, or physical limitations. Smaller opponents can defend and defeat larger and stronger opponents with grappling techniques that use leverage and pressure instead of brute strength.

 ### JIU JITSU CLASS TIMES
 ###### MONDAY 6PM - BJJ GI FUNDAMENTALS 7:15 - NO-GI GRAPPLING TUESDAY 10AM - NO-GI GRAPPLING 6PM - GI BJJ THURSDAY 10AM - NO-GI GRAPPLING 6PM - GI BJJ SATURDAY 11AM - OPEN MAT

 ### ALL PROGRAMS WE OFFER
 ### MMA
 MMA classes at Victory MMA are designed to teach beginners the basics of MMA and perfect the art for professionals

 ### MUAY THAI KICKBOXING
 Kickboxing classes teach students the art of striking using kicks, knees, elbows, punches and clinch work with speed and accuracy

 ### BRAZILLIAN JIU JITSU
 Jiu-Jitsu classes allow all people to compete using leverage, pressure, timing and angles instead of brute force.

 ### WRESTLING
 Grappling classes develop students in wrestling and no-gi grappling using takedowns, throws and jiu jitsu groundwork to grow grapplers of all levels.

 ### BOXING
 Boxing classes are designed to perfect the basics of punches, stances and footwork – and hone their individual style.

 ### FITNESS
 Fitness classes are designed to grow students of all levels in their own strength and conditioning – allowing them to train at their best.

 ### READY TO GET STARTED AT VICTORY MMA?
 START YOUR TRIAL WEEK
