---
source_url: https://www.victorymmacolorado.com
final_url: https://www.victorymmacolorado.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:20.625Z
---

## TRAIN MULTIPLE MARTIAL ARTS UNDER ONE ROOF
 Victory MMA is the premiere martial arts school in Colorado Springs offering wrestling, boxing, Muay Thai kickboxing, brazillian jiu jitsu, and mixed martial arts programs. Check out the video below to learn more about Victory MMA.

 # VICTORY MMA COLORADO SPRINGS
 MMA, BOXING, MUAY THAI KICKBOXING, WRESTLING AND JIU JITSU IN COLORADO SPRINGS, CO

 START YOUR $20 TRIAL WEEK

 ## REAL EXPERIENCE MATTERS.
 ###### GET HANDS-ON TRAINING FROM COACHES THAT HAVE FOUGHT AT THE HIGHEST-LEVEL. HARD WORK. DEDICATION.
 Gilbert Smith Jr founded Victory MMA in 2009 as a world-class training facility after a lifetime of training in martial arts. Gilbert began his career serving in the US Army, won titles at professional fight organizations like the RFA, competed on two seasons of The Ultimate Fighter and fought at the top level in Bellator and the UFC.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT US

 ###### GILBERT SMITH JR.
 ##### OWNER AND HEAD COACH AT VICTORY MMA

 ## WHY YOU SHOULD TRAIN AT VICTORY MMA
 ###### GET IN SHAPE
 Training in martial arts is one of the best ways become fit – and have fun in the process. Regardless of your fitness goals, we can help you conquer them.

 ###### POSITIVE ENVIRONMENT
 Victory MMA has a culture of helping each other be our best. Many of our members gain new friendships through their teammates.

 ###### CORRECT TECHNIQUE
 Our coaches have competed at the highest level and studies martial arts across the world. We'll apply our skills to help you master correct technique.

 ###### VETERAN-OWNED
 As a veteran-owned gym, we proudly support and offer a discounted registration fee to military and law enforcement service members.

 Whether you're a beginner with no experience or a high-level professional — there's something for you at Victory MMA.

 ​

 Great place to train and learn the fundamentals of MMA, martial arts, and boxing. Coach Smith is an excellent instructor as well as mentor. A great family atmosphere where EVERYONE is valued and respected.
 Stephen M.

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 ​

 Been coming here for years and I have loved every moment of it! Victory offers a variety of courses that will help fighters master their craft and for those of us that are looking for a great place to simply get in shape this is the spot! I personally am not a fighter but I feel right at home working with the amazing people at this gym. Most importantly, Gilbert and his trainers have all fostered an environment that is welcoming, supportive and makes a new participate feel safe. All levels of athleticism and fitness are welcomed here.
 Arrica G.

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 ​

 Super quality team and coach. they turned me from a kid who had a little striking experience, into a real athlete/fighter! Victory gave me room to grow and built my confidence. Gilbert Smith takes care of his team and he pushes them to reach their potential.
 Jonathan G.

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 ## SCHEDULE
 ###### TRAIN AS MUCH AS YOU WANT WITH OUR $20 TRIAL WEEK.
 Try our safe and friendly classes. Sign up for a one-week trial and train as much as you want for only $20 — and see what the hype is about.

 START YOUR $20 TRIAL WEEK

 ### MMA
 MMA classes at Victory MMA are designed to teach beginners the basics of MMA and perfect the art for professionals

 ### MUAY THAI KICKBOXING
 Kickboxing classes teach students the art of striking using kicks, knees, elbows, punches and clinch work with speed and accuracy

 ### BRAZILLIAN JIU JITSU
 Jiu-Jitsu classes allow all people to compete using leverage, pressure, timing and angles instead of brute force.

 ### WRESTLING
 Grappling classes develop students in wrestling and no-gi grappling using takedowns, throws and jiu jitsu groundwork to grow grapplers of all levels.

 ### BOXING
 Boxing classes are designed to perfect the basics of punches, stances and footwork – and hone their individual style.

 ### FITNESS
 Fitness classes are designed to grow students of all levels in their own strength and conditioning – allowing them to train at their best.

 ## VICTORY MMA PROGRAMS

 ### READY TO GET STARTED AT VICTORY MMA?
 START YOUR TRIAL WEEK

 ## FOLLOW VICTORY MMA ON SOCIAL
 - - -
