---
source_url: http://www.kickwithata.com/programs/children-martial-arts
final_url: https://kickwithata.com/programs/children-martial-arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:54.413Z
---

- About Us About Us Our Schools Our Schools Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts Reviews - Introductory Offer - Our Programs Our Programs Children's Programs Age 4-17 Children's Programs ATA Tigers Karate For Kids Teen Martial Arts Teens & Adults 13+ Teens & Adults Teens & Adults Just 4 Kids Just 4 Kids Birthday Parties Summer Camp After School - Contact UsContact Us Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 Try Our Classes!

 ## Children's Martial Arts Programs Our curriculums are age-specific and are the perfect blueprint for healthy child development.

 1
 ### Select Program
 2
 ### Redeem Trial Offer
 3
 ### Begin Martial Arts!

 ## Now Enrolling Kids in the Following Classes

 ## ATA Tigers ### Ages: 4-6 Yrs
 The best martial arts program for kids, ever.
 • Allows children to feel engaged with our martial arts program by providing strong visual cues to help them align with their achievements and goals.
 • Uses the cartoon tiger characters to provide a relational point students can identify, each character symbolizing a value that is a foundation of the martial arts.
 ATA Tigers is an exclusive new platform for martial arts that kids truly love. Take the first step to giving this extraordinary gift to your child today!

 Learn More

 ## Karate for Kids ### Ages: 7-12
 ATA Karate for Kids is a specialized program created exclusively for children ages 7 through 12. The foundation of the martial arts ATA curriculum is the ongoing ATA review and development of life skills such as:
 • Positive mental attitude • High goal-setting
 • Perseverance • Self-control • Confidence

 Learn More

 ## Teen Martial Arts ### Ages: 13+
 Today’s world is getting tough for teens. Our goal is to create a safe place for teenagers to learn self-defense, discipline, and confidence without being ridiculed for their mistakes. This sense of identity will boost their confidence and help increase their assertiveness when dealing with the high-pressure situations they’re faced with on a daily basis.
 Teens need a place to become independent from their parents and be challenged to work towards their maximum potential. Plus, our classes help them to get involved with other teens who have similar goals and standards. This is a great way to keep accountability and increase social skills.

 Learn More

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 message
 School contact_me_by_phone gdpr_compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo
