---
source_url: http://www.kickwithata.com/programs/children-martial-arts/ata-tigers
final_url: https://kickwithata.com/programs/children-martial-arts/ata-tigers
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:54.919Z
---

- About Us About Us Our Schools Our Schools Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts Reviews - Introductory Offer - Our Programs Our Programs Children's Programs Age 4-17 Children's Programs ATA Tigers Karate For Kids Teen Martial Arts Teens & Adults 13+ Teens & Adults Teens & Adults Just 4 Kids Just 4 Kids Birthday Parties Summer Camp After School - Contact UsContact Us Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 Try Our Classes!

 Back to Previous Page
 ## A Martial Arts Blueprint for Healthy Child Development
 ## Access Our Class Schedule & Exclusive Web Offer
 Full Name
 Phone
 fax School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 Email

 comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 Last Name website ywedobjeo View Web Specials!

 ### Redeem One of Our Exclusive Web Offers

 ### Schedule Your Child’s First Semi-Private Session

 ### Begin Your Child’s Martial Arts Journey!

 ## What makes ATA Tigers the most fun kids martial arts program available anywhere? The rank and testing system used by the Tigers is slightly different from other martial arts programs. Tigers can earn eight collectible animal patches to display on their belts. ATA Tigers have their own unique victory patch and "Victory Stars.".

 Each Belt Rank is associated with a ATA Tigers character that helps children learn, while having tons of fun!

 ## Benefit #1 Fosters Self-Discipline One of the central tenets of all forms of the martial arts is an absolute focus on self-discipline. Today's kids are so accustomed to receiving instant gratification that lessons in self-restraint and discipline aren't always easy to come by. Kids with a martial arts background, however, are continually reminded of the importance of self-discipline.
 Ara is a shy turtle. Before joining the Tiger classes, he usually just stayed in his shell. Now he is making new friends and loves to do his forms nice and slow. His favorite move is a knife hand strike.

 ## Benefit #2 Boosts Socialization Skills Kids who don't always thrive in highly social environments may find it easier to get to know people and make new friends when they're in a room filled with peers who share a common interest. The kids on the playground may not always have much common ground, but devotees to the martial arts are able to get to know one another through shared pursuits. Partner-driven training can also foster camaraderie, as they force kids to pair off and build their skills together.
 Baeoh is the funniest tiger ever. He has a big heart and loves to laugh. He is everyone's friend but sometimes lacks confidence. His favorite move is a side kick.

 ## Benefit #3 Encourages Physical Activity Limiting screen time is a great idea when it comes to getting kids off the couch and encouraging them to be more active, but it only goes so far. Enrolling an inactive child in such a physically demanding pastime not only discourages the sedentary lifestyle she's used to, but also gives her an enjoyable activity that inspires her to keep moving.
 Cheeri is the hardest worker in the class. Even though she always makes straight A's, she is always trying hard to get better, maybe sometimes too hard. Her favorite move is a round kick.

 ## Benefit #4 Learn to Set and Achieve Goals Most forms of martial arts are based around an accomplishment system of colored belts that signify the wearer's degree of skill. When your child strives toward each new belt, he's learning valuable lessons about setting and reaching his goals.
 Raon is the biggest one in his Tigers class. He is very strong and a great athlete. Although he always means well, and sometimes he leaps before he looks. His favorite move is the reverse punch.

 ## Benefit #5 Increased Self-Esteem Confidence comes with achievement, so your child's self-esteem level will get a boost with every new move he masters and every belt he earns. Kids who struggle with a low sense of self-worth usually become more confident as time progresses while they're enrolled in a martial arts class.
 Suri comes from a big family of big eagles. He is small for his age and sometimes tries to act bigger than he really is. He always goes too fast, but is working on slowing down. His favorite move is a jump front kick.

 ## Benefit #6 Instills a Sense of Respect Learning any Songahm Taekwondo will require your child to show her instructor unflinching respect. Today's kid culture doesn't always include respect for authority, adults or those in advanced positions. When she goes to her Songahm Taekwondo class, though, your child will be learning lessons in respect along with new moves.
 Choa is a rare phoenix. She is very pretty and likes it when the other animals do things for her. She is learning to do things for herself, and when she does, she is awesome. Her favorite move is a double knife hand block.

 ## Benefit #7 Encourages Non-Violent Conflict Resolution Thinking that martial arts instruction promotes violent behavior is justified if your only experience with the activity comes from television or movies. In fact, many defensive styles teach kids peaceful, non-violent conflict resolution skills and emphasize the importance of avoiding a physical altercation.
 Mir is a super smart dragon. He might not be the most coordinated, but he tries really hard. He is learning to control his strength. His favorite move is a spinning hook kick.

 ## Benefit #8 Improving Listening Skills In order to master the skills she's being taught and advance through the belt ranks, your child will have to exercise superior listening skills. Kids who aren't always adept when it comes to paying attention to what they're told can benefit from the verbal instruction and one-on-one work in her classroom.
 Narsha is the nicest cobra you ever wanted to meet. Even though she doesn't have any arms or legs, she is one of the best Tigers in the class. She always works hard but keeps a smile on her face. Her favorite move is a tail strike.

 ## Benefit #9 Develops Teamwork Skills Whether he's breaking boards to get a new belt or sparring in a practice setting to master a new maneuver, there are few things that your child does in his martial arts classes that will be done on his own. Working together to learn new things and accomplish goals is an important life lesson for kids to learn, and instruction in the martial arts can help your child learn that lesson.
 Baron is the highest rank in his Tigers class. He is a great leader, he just doesn't know it yet. He is always willing to help. His favorite move is a palm strike.

 Mom & Dad,
 We understand how important choosing the right activity for your child is. It should not be so difficult and challenging.
 Let's face it, it can be a bit overwhelming thinking about your child getting older so quickly. As much as you want to think they are prepared for school, every parent has the same questions. Are they ready to socialize with their new classmates? Will they stay focused on the teacher during class and keep up with the other kids?
 Our ATA Tigers program is designed to enhance your kids ability to pay attention and follow directions. In the age of sensory overload, this is a skill that will provide your kids with immediate results that will reflect positively on their academic work.
 Parenting should not have to be a stressful task you face alone!
 Let ATA Martial Arts help you equip your child for success in the real world.

 ## Ata Tigers Teaches Life Skills
 Positive Mental Attitude

 High Goal-Setting

 Respect & Self-Confidence

 ## ATA Martial Arts Is Your Partner In Parenting We teach the same values you teach at home, in a positive, safe & fun environment.
 The foundation of the ATA Tigers curriculum is the education and development of life-skills such as positive mental attitude, high goal setting, perseverance, self-control and confidence.

 ## Getting Started Is Easy!
 ### Reedem One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ### Schedule Your Child's First
 Semi-Private Lesson

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## What Makes ATA Martial Arts Arts Differentfrom Other Karate & Taekwondo Schools?

 The country’s largest martial arts organization.

 130,000 active members & over 1 million students trained since 1969.

 Each instructor has passed an intensive certification process based on 40 years of tradition, research & development.

 ## Parents, did you know that group activitiesbenefit your child in a number of ways...

 ## Developmental Growth Group activities are a great opportunity for young children to further develop their social skills through structured interaction, using language to express their thoughts and needs with peers.
 ## Cooperation By working with their peers towards a common goal, children will further develop their cooperation skills, conversation skills, and discover how to share and be fair.
 ## Interaction & Togetherness Friendships will be encouraged between children who do not normally play together, exposing your child to the concept of working with different types of people with different points of view.

 ## 3 Ways Our Kids Martial Arts Classeshelp Your Child Reach Their Potential:
 ### Social Skills Social interaction teaches kids how to effectively work as part of a team.

 ### Physical fitness Martial arts helps improve coordination and is an excellent form of exercise.

 ### Build healthy habits Building healthy habits early on can help prevent obesity and diabetes later in life.

 ## AT ATA Martial Arts, It Is Our Mission To Help You Raise a Confident, Focused Leader With The Life-Transforming Experience That Is Martial Arts.

 ## Learn Goal-Setting Skills Belt testing provides an excellent exercise for kids in learning how to set and achieve goals. Their self-esteem will continue to rise with each accomplishment as they watch their hard work pay off.

 ## Improve Focus and Self-Control Complex physical activities such as martial arts have proven to strengthen the brain’s neural networks, helping kids improve their focus and self-control. This can be especially beneficial for kids with ADD/ADHD.

 ## A Strong Sense of Respect The traditional nature of martial arts teaches kids respect in their classes, whether they are taking a bow or waiting patiently for the next set of instructions. This sense of respect also helps kids improve their grades, while improving their listening skills at home and in school.

 #### Randy Brown ##### Crestview Great teachers and they have a program for all ages. They teach great self esteem respect and self defense. The teachers there care.

 #### Laura Knicley ##### Niceville My son and his cousins all take classes, Master Palmer and Mr Becker are very hands on with their students and make the learning fun for the kids and adults.

 - -
 ❮ ❯

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 ### What Age Groups Are Available for Karate for Kids? Our Pre-School program is ages 4-6, while Pre-Teens is Ages 7-12

 ### Are There Long Membership Commitments? We offer month to month memberships as well as savings on longer plans

 ### What Happens After I Purchase the Trial Offer? You will receive an email with instructions on how to schedule your first class. One of our instructors will call you, or you may call the school directly.

 ### Will My Child Be Fighting Other Children? Absolutely not. Although they will learn cool martial arts and self-defense moves, your child will learn how to AVOID fights, not pick them.

 ### I Love All the Benefits Such as Confidence, Self-Esteem, and Focus … But Will My Kid Have Fun? Our Martial Arts classes' primary goal is to make sure our students have fun in a playful, safe environment. Come and see a class for yourself - the kids have a blast and our instructors do too.

 ### Does My Child Need to Have Previous Experience or Any Particular Fitness Level to Enroll in Martial Arts Classes? No, our classes are a good mix of boys and girls of all fitness levels. Beginners train alongside some of the more experienced kids, helping each other out in a fun team environment.

 ## Give your child the gift of a lifetimeBegin your child's martial arts journey Now! #### This is a limited time offer! Only 25 total spots are available.

 ## Trial Offer =No Commitments
 ## SpecialIntroductory Offer!
 ## 100% Money BackGuaranteed!

 ## ATA Tigers Exclusive Web Offer ## Act Now!
 Full Name
 Email
 Phone
 School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts

 fax comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 website ywedobjeo Submit

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 message
 School contact_me_by_phone gdpr_compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo
