---
source_url: http://www.kickwithata.com/programs/children-martial-arts/karate-for-kids
final_url: https://kickwithata.com/programs/children-martial-arts/karate-for-kids
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:55.370Z
---

- About Us About Us Our Schools Our Schools Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts Reviews - Introductory Offer - Our Programs Our Programs Children's Programs Age 4-17 Children's Programs ATA Tigers Karate For Kids Teen Martial Arts Teens & Adults 13+ Teens & Adults Teens & Adults Just 4 Kids Just 4 Kids Birthday Parties Summer Camp After School - Contact UsContact Us Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 Try Our Classes!

 Back to Previous Page
 ## Helping Parents Raise Confident Leaders
 ## Access Our Class Schedule & Exclusive Web Offer
 Full Name
 Phone
 fax School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 Email

 comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 Last Name website ywedobjeo View Web Specials!

 ### Redeem One of Our Exclusive Web Offers

 ### Schedule Your Child’s First Semi-Private Session

 ### Begin Your Child’s Martial Arts Journey!

 Mom & Dad,
 We understand how many challenges you face as a parent, raising a child in the modern world.
 Teaching children to know right from wrong is one of the toughest challenges parents have to face.
 You want your child to have the tools to succeed in life, but protecting them from peer pressure, bullying and internet predators can make any parent feel overwhelmed with anxiety and stress.
 The good news is that at ATA Martial Arts in Niceville, Crestview, Fort Walton & Pensacola, our Karate for Kids program is the perfect companion to help you raise a strong, confident leader, teaching confidence, focus & self-defense skills.
 #### Parenting should not have to be a stressful task you face alone! Let ATA Martial Arts Help You Equip Your Child For Success In The Real World.

 ## Ata Karate for Kids Teaches Life Skills
 Positive Mental Attitude

 High Goal Setting

 Respect & Self Confidence

 ## ATA Martial Arts Is Your Partner In Parenting We teach the same values you teach at home, in a positive, safe & fun environment.
 The foundation of the Karate for Kids curriculum is the education and development of life-skills such as positive mental attitude, high goal setting, perseverance, self-control and confidence.

 ## Getting Started Is Easy!
 ### Reedem One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ### Schedule Your Child's First
 Semi-Private Lesson

 ### Begin Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## What Makes ATA Martial Arts Arts Different From Other Karate & Taekwondo Schools?

 The country’s largest martial arts organization.

 130,000 active members & over 1 million students trained since 1969.

 Each instructor has passed an intensive certification process based on 40 years of tradition, research & development.

 ## Parents, Did You Know...

 ## 1 Out of 4 Kids is a victim of bullying

 ## 42.5% of Teens in the US try drugs

 ## 25% of H.S. Students fail to graduate on time

 ## Do Not Let Your Child Become a Statistic. ### Equip them with the tools to succeed in the real world with ATA Martial Arts. Since 1969, over one million students have trained in one of the 950 ATA Licensed schools. Our students regularly go on to join Ivy schools and become community leaders. The values they learn during their martial arts journey are the same you teach at home and last a lifetime.

 ## 3 Ways Our Kids Martial Arts Classeshelp Your Child Reach Their Potential:
 ### Teamwork & social skills Social interaction teaches kids how to effectively work as part of a team.

 ### Physical fitness Martial arts helps improve coordination and is an excellent form of exercise.

 ### Build healthy habits Building healthy habits early on can help prevent obesity and diabetes later in life.

 ## At ATA Martial Arts, It is Our Mission to Help You Raise a Confident, Focused Leader With the Life-transforming Experience That is Martial Arts.

 ## Learn Goal-Setting Skills Belt testing provides an excellent exercise for kids in learning how to set and achieve goals. Their self-esteem will continue to rise with each accomplishment as they watch their hard work pay off.

 ## Improve Focus and Self-Control Complex physical activities such as martial arts have proven to strengthen the brain’s neural networks, helping kids improve their focus and self-control. This can be especially beneficial for kids with ADD/ADHD.

 ## A Strong Sense of Respect The traditional nature of martial arts teaches kids respect in their classes, whether they are taking a bow or waiting patiently for the next set of instructions. This sense of respect also helps kids improve their grades, while improving their listening skills at home and in school.

 #### Sheannell Fernandez ##### Crestview My son has autism & I want to thank ATA Trainers for their dedication, enthusiasm & patience with him. We had tried other sports in the past and it didn’t work for him. Martial arts has definitely helped him be more focused, and attentive. He still has a long way to go but overall I am very pleased and happy with the place.

 #### Laura Knicley ##### Niceville My son and his cousins all take classes, Master Palmer and Mr Becker are very hands on with their students and make the learning fun for the kids and adults.

 - -
 ❮ ❯

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 ### What Age Groups Are Available for Karate for Kids? Our Pre-School program is ages 4-6, while Pre-Teens is Ages 7-12

 ### Are There Long Membership Commitments? We offer month to month memberships as well as savings on longer plans

 ### What Happens After I Purchase the Trial Offer? You will receive an email with instructions on how to schedule your first class. One of our instructors will call you, or you may call the school directly.

 ### Will My Child Be Fighting Other Children? Absolutely not. Although they will learn cool martial arts and self-defense moves, your child will learn how to AVOID fights, not pick them.

 ### I Love All the Benefits Such as Confidence, Self-Esteem, and Focus … But Will My Kid Have Fun? Our Martial Arts classes' primary goal is to make sure our students have fun in a playful, safe environment. Come and see a class for yourself - the kids have a blast and our instructors do too.

 ### Does My Child Need to Have Previous Experience or Any Particular Fitness Level to Enroll in Martial Arts Classes? No, our classes are a good mix of boys and girls of all fitness levels. Beginners train alongside some of the more experienced kids, helping each other out in a fun team environment.

 ## Give your child the gift of a lifetimeBegin your child's martial arts journey Now! #### This is a limited time offer! Only 25 total spots are available.

 ## Trial Offer =No Commitments
 ## SpecialIntroductory Offer!
 ## 100% Money BackGuaranteed!

 ## Karate for Kids Exclusive Web Offer ## Act Now!
 Full Name
 Email
 Phone
 School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts

 fax comment contact me by phone gdpr compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 website ywedobjeo Submit

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 message
 School contact_me_by_phone gdpr_compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo
