---
source_url: http://www.kickwithata.com
final_url: https://kickwithata.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:55.785Z
---

- About Us About Us Our Schools Our Schools Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts Reviews - Introductory Offer - Our Programs Our Programs Children's Programs Age 4-17 Children's Programs ATA Tigers Karate For Kids Teen Martial Arts Teens & Adults 13+ Teens & Adults Teens & Adults Just 4 Kids Just 4 Kids Birthday Parties Summer Camp After School - Contact UsContact Us Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 Try Our Classes!

 ## Confidence Building Martial Arts Classes In 4 Locations Getting started is easy!
 Choose below:
 Children's Programs Adult Programs

 ### ATA Tigers 4-6 Yrs

 ATA Tigers
 Ages 4-6 Yrs
 This program offers children a strong foundation in essential character qualities such as courtesy, respect, and discipline.
 Learn how it works

 ### Karate for Kids 7-12

 Karate for Kids
 Ages 7-12
 Karate for kids classes: positive mental attitude, high goal setting and confidence!
 Learn how it works

 ### Teens & Adults 13+

 Teens & Adults
 Ages 13+
 ATA teen & adult programs focus on high-intensity fitness and real self-defense that applies in today's world.
 Learn how it works

 ATA Tigers
 Ages 4-6 Yrs
 Karate for Kids
 Ages 7-12
 Teens & Adults
 Ages 13+

 ## We Help Parents Raise Confident Leaders & Adults Reach Their Full Potential! Martial arts is unlike any other sport or activity because at the core of the training, the emphasis
 is on personal development. This allows us to teach life skills like confidence, discipline, and
 focus which will affect all aspects of our students’ lives, even after they have finished training!
 Anyone can begin martial arts - any age, any fitness level.

 ## Crush your fitness goals while learning how to protect yourself Enter Your Contact Information to Get Started!

 Full Name
 Email
 Phone
 School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts

 gdpr_compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
 Last Name
 fax comment contact_me_by_phone website ywedobjeo
 Submit

 ## Hi, my name is Chief Master Darrin Palmer
 and I'm the owner of ATA Martial Arts in Northwest FL. When I was a child, I began my martial arts journey and the positive impact it had on my life was remarkable. It was always my dream to someday own my own school in Florida and create an enjoyable environment for students to improve their fitness while building the confidence they can carry into their everyday lives. Take advantage of one of our amazing web specials today - join us as we empower ourselves and our community with martial arts!

 Learn More

 ## Getting Started Is Easy!
 ## Redeem
 One of Our
 Exclusive Web Offers

 ## Schedule
 Your Child's First
 Semi-Private Lesson

 ## Begin
 Your Child’s
 Martial Arts Journey!

 ## You Belong Here. Whether you are looking for a sports activity for your child or for an alternative from the boring gym fitness routine, martial arts is unlike any other sport because at the core of the training, the emphasis is on personal development. Anyone can begin martial arts - any age, any fitness level.
 Start today!
 Learn More

 ## After School Program Learn More

 ## After School Program Learn More

 ## Birthday Parties Learn More

 ## Birthday Parties Learn More

 ## Teen Martial Arts Learn More

 ## Teen Martial Arts Learn More

 #### Randy Brown ##### Crestview Great teachers and they have a program for all ages. They teach great self esteem respect and self defense. The teachers there care.

 #### Eileen O'Neill ##### Crestview It’s so fun! Love the ATA family.

 #### Tim Mallory ##### Crestview Some of the most genuinely awesome instructors and classmates around. I haven't had this much fun working out in long time, not to mention how great it feels to be in better shape than when I started.

 #### Sheannell Fernandez ##### Crestview My son has autism & I want to thank ATA Trainers for their dedication, enthusiasm & patience with him. We had tried other sports in the past and it didn’t work for him. Martial arts has definitely helped him be more focused, and attentive. He still has a long way to go but overall I am very pleased and happy with the place.

 #### Michael Watkins ##### Crestview Great experience. Good for all ages.

 #### Leigh Herring ##### Niceville The ATA Martial Arts, of Niceville is a Family and respectful Taekwondo facility. Also, has great after school program too. Thank you Everyone.

 #### Laura Knicley ##### Niceville My son and his cousins all take classes, Master Palmer and Mr Becker are very hands on with their students and make the learning fun for the kids and adults.

 #### Dianella M Sanchez Bernard ##### Niceville The staff is incredibly patient with the students, both young and adult. We felt welcomed and our kids enjoy every class.

 #### Craig Harvey ##### Niceville A great group of folks. They do amazing with kids of all ages.

 - - - - - - - - -
 ❮ ❯

 Our Locations
 Niceville ATA Martial Arts

 Crestview ATA Martial Arts

 Pensacola ATA Martial Arts

 Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts

 Channahon ATA Martial Arts

 Full Name
 Last Name
 Phone
 fax Email
 School Choose a Location Niceville ATA Martial Arts Crestview ATA Martial Arts Pensacola ATA Martial Arts Fort Walton ATA Martial Arts Channahon ATA Martial Arts
 message
 School contact_me_by_phone gdpr_compliant To help you on your martial arts journey, we’d love to send you tailored offers and information via email/SMS. Please tick this box if you agree. By clicking the submit button you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

 website ywedobjeo
