---
source_url: https://beachcitiesjiujitsu.com/?phone=4243393249#home
final_url: https://beachcitiesjiujitsu.com/?phone=4243393249
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:57.272Z
---

- home - about - schedule - instructors - videos - contact

 ### Welcome To # BeachCities ## Jiu Jitsu ### Beach Cities Jiu Jitsu, a newly established Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu dojo, has recently opened its doors with a fresh perspective on martial arts training. Nestled in the heart of the community, this dojo is poised to make a lasting impact on both seasoned practitioners and newcomers alike. Led by a team of passionate instructors who bring a wealth of experience and knowledge, Beach Cities Jiu Jitsu is committed to fostering a welcoming and inclusive environment where individuals of all backgrounds can embark on their martial arts journey. join now

 # About Us
 ### Beach Cities Jiu Jitsu ### Address: 25927 S Western Ave, Lomita, CA 90717 ### Phone Number: 323-536-3180 Formerly established as Aloisio Silva BJJ, Beach Cities Jiu Jitsu has undergone a transformative journey under the guidance of Third Degree Black Belt Rinaldo Antonio.

 In April, Rinaldo Antonio assumed the helm with a visionary commitment to elevate Beach Cities Jiu Jitsu into a premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training facility within the South Bay community. With open arms, we extend a warm welcome to individuals of all backgrounds and skill levels who seek to be part of a thriving martial arts community.

 Our aspiration is to foster an environment where growth, camaraderie, and personal development flourish. Through dedicated training and a shared passion for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we strive to shape Beach Cities Jiu Jitsu into a hub of excellence and inclusivity.

 > <

 ## Schedule ### Check out our classes! ### Monday - Friday Our class schedule offers training opportunities during the weekdays,
 from Monday to Friday, spanning from 5:00 pm to 8:30 pm.
 We are actively considering the addition of Saturday classes in the upcoming month,
 and we will ensure to provide timely updates regarding this exciting addition.

 Schedule | Kids | Adults Monday | Gi 5:00pm - 5:50pm | Gi 6:15pm - 8:30pm Tuesday | No Gi 5:00pm - 5:50pm | No Gi 6:15pm - 8:30pm Wednesday | Gi 5:00pm - 5:50pm | Gi 6:15pm - 8:30pm Thursday | Gi 5:00pm - 5:50pm | No Gi 6:15pm - 8:30pm Friday | No class | Open Mat 6:15pm - 8:30pm

 ## Instructors ###### Beach Cities Instructors
 Rinaldo Antonio
 Head Instructor
 Rinaldo A Antonio . I started training jiu-jitsu in 2005 and saw that I could take it as a lifestyle since I've always practiced sports (soccer, surfing and other extreme sports) I got hooked and started training every day and competing in different championships. All of this dividing me between the college schedules I was attending, civil engineering, work and personal life. I started traveling to the USA to compete in the world tournament, until in 2013 I graduated as a black belt and in 2014 I decided to move to the USA and fulfill my dream of making a living from jiu jitsu, and today I make my living from this wonderful sport. I work for one of the biggest Kimono companies in the USA, I am the director of arbitration at the NABJJF and now I have my own academy where I can pass on my Jiu Jitsu learning, experience in competitions, lifestyle, respect for others, self-confidence, prevention against bullying and self-defense.

 ## Videos ###### Watch Our Instructor Compete
 RYOZO MURATA VS RINALDO ANTONIO
 Watch this great Jiu-Jitsu competition match between Ryozo Murata and Rinaldo Antonio was a remarkable clash of skill, experience, and determination within the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. These two accomplished black belt practitioners brought their A-game to the mats, showcasing their years of training and expertise in the art of Jiu-Jitsu.

 All Americas - 2019 -Rinaldo Antonio X Albert Rios
 In the prestigious All Americas competition of 2019, Rinaldo Antonio, a seasoned black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, showcased his exceptional skills and dedication to the sport. Facing off against the formidable opponent Albert Rios, Rinaldo demonstrated his mastery of technique, strategy, and mental fortitude on the competition mats. As a testament to his years of training and commitment, Rinaldo Antonio's participation in this event underscored his passion for Jiu-Jitsu and his pursuit of excellence in every aspect of the sport

 ## Contact Us ###### Get in contact and start your journey!
 Name: Email: Phone Number:

 Note:

 © copyright Beach Cities Jiu Jitsu 2023 All Rights Reserved
