---
source_url: http://locomotiva.ie
final_url: https://www.locomotiva.ie/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:17.159Z
---

## Versatile training

 ## Versatile training
 We offer a wide range of training options, including striking (such as boxing, kickboxing, and Muay Thai), grappling (such as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and wrestling), and mixed martial arts itself, providing a diverse and comprehensive approach to martial arts.

 ## Improved physical fitness

 ## Improved physical fitness
 Martial Arts Gym training involves a combination of cardiovascular exercise, strength training, and flexibility work, leading to overall improved fitness levels.

 ## Sense of community

 ## Sense of community
 Our gym foster a supportive community atmosphere where members encourage and motivate each other.

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Fitness Routine that Works for You

 Become a member

 Brazilian Jiu-JitsuBrazilian Jiu-Jitsu emphasizes getting an opponent to the ground in order to utilize ground fighting techniques and submission holds involving joint-locks and chokeholds.Learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 WRESTLING/MMAGain confidence, master techniques, and enjoy the camaraderie of a like-minded community dedicated to excellence. Step into the challenge and transform yourself with WRESTLING/MMA.Learn More Abour Wrestling/MMA
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for KidsThis program promises to deliver results, helping your child become more confident and resilient both on and off the mats.Learn More Abour Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Fitness Routine that Works for You

 Try A Free Class

 Brazilian Jiu-JitsuBrazilian Jiu-Jitsu emphasizes getting an opponent to the ground in order to utilize ground fighting techniques and submission holds involving joint-locks and chokeholds.Learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 WRESTLING/MMAGain confidence, master techniques, and enjoy the camaraderie of a like-minded community dedicated to excellence. Step into the challenge and transform yourself with WRESTLING/MMA.Learn More Abour Wrestling/MMA
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for KidsThis program promises to deliver results, helping your child become more confident and resilient both on and off the mats.Learn More Abour Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids

 ## Getting Started Is Easy
 1

 ### Try a Free Training
 To begin your journey with us, simply sign up for our introductory classes online or visit our gym to meet our friendly staff. No prior experience is required; we welcome all skill levels and ages.

 2

 ### Discover our Plans and Benefits
 Explore our membership plans and discover the many benefits we offer, including unlimited classes, expert coaching, and a supportive community—all designed to help you achieve your goals and thrive in your journey with us!

 3

 ### Transform your life
 Picture yourself confidently executing techniques, achieving milestones, and surpassing your goals. With our supportive community and dedication to your progress, success in martial arts becomes not just a possibility, but a reality. Join us today and commit to becoming the best version of yourself both on and off the mats.

 ## Everything You Need To Crush Your Fitness Goals

 ### Members Only App

 ### Weekly Accountability Check-ins

 ### Uniforms

 ### Changing Rooms for Before + After Workouts

 ### Easy Scheduling

 ## A community that will keep you going
 Your success is our success. We're committed to providing a nurturing environment where you can develop your skills, build confidence, and achieve your Martial Arts Gym goals

 In the world of Martial Arts Gym, we learn the value of discipline, perseverance, and resilience. These qualities extend far beyond the octagon, helping us overcome challenges and achieve our goals in every area of life. Whether you're facing a tough opponent or navigating the obstacles of daily life, the skills you develop in Martial Arts Gym will empower you to face them head-on with confidence and determination.

 This is more than just a gym; it's a place where you'll find unwavering support, camaraderie, and encouragement as you unleash your inner warrior and embrace the journey of self-discovery and growth. Join us and let's make your MMA dreams a reality together!

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Conveniently located behind Autovision Motor Company
 ### UNIT F, 5 CHURCH BUILDING, CHURCH LANE, RATHFARNHAM D14NH27

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Locomotiva Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is located and easily accessible from all of Dublin.

 Dublin

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of Dublin, IE Residents

 No items found.

 ## Break free from doubt. Take the first step towards achieving your full potential. Try A Free Class

 ✕ We’ve moved!

 Visit our new Training Station at
 5 CHURCH BUILDINGS, CHURCH LANE – RATHFARNHAM
