---
source_url: http://evolutionmtms.com
final_url: https://www.evolutionmtms.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:48.411Z
---

###### 15375 Baseline Ave #3 Fontana, CA. 92336 E-mail: info@mysite.com Tel: 909-355-1112
 ##### ADDRESS
 JOIN US TODAY!
 ##### CALL US TODAY AT ##### 1-909 355-1112
 ##### CLASS SCHEDULE
 Class Scedule

 ## SELF ## RESPECT
 ## SELF ## ESTEEM
 ## SELF ## AWARE
 ## SELF CONTROL
 ## SELF MOTIVATED
 ## SELF CONFIDENT
 ## KID FRIENDLY
 Todays world can be a scary place for our kids. Preparing them for their future starts now.
 We have classes for kids that can teach them not only how to defend themselves but how to respect themselves and respect others. We have fun, upbeat classes that instill a positive vibe with games and excercise that will challenge them both physically and mentally.
 Our kids need to be given every chance to become someone great, they deserve to feel confident. They deserve not to be bullied and to feel the self control not to bully. They deserve to know how to make the right choices because they respect themselves and are self aware.

 #### ABOUT US
 WHY CHOOSE EVOLUTION MTMS?

 EVOLUTION MTMS is an enthusiastic environment for adults and children of all ages! We cater to the needs and wants of our valued EVOLUTION MTMS family members. Martial arts is so much more than an art, its a science! We offer experienced instructors teaching an amazing combo of Muay Thai, weapons, self defense and Jiu Jitsu. Evolution MuayThai and Martial Science or EVOLUTION MTMS is decades of martial arts experience refined into a useful and practical system that is enjoyable for everyone. From fighters to children, we have what you're looking for. Muay Thai, a combined martial arts system, Brazilian jiu-jitsu and fitness of all kinds. The corporate mentality has no jurisdiction at EVOLUTION MTMS , only family values and individual goals are our concern.

 Kid Friendly
 About Us

 # CLASS INSTRUCTOR
 # Joe Davidson Kru/Instructor

 Our Instructors

 Contact Us
 ##### Contact Us
 Thanks for submitting!

 Submit

 ###### 15375 Baseline Ave #3 Fontana, CA. 92336 E-mail: info@mysite.com Tel: 909-355-1112
