---
source_url: http://soaringeaglebjj.com
final_url: https://www.soaringeaglebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:38.728Z
---

Search by typing & pressing enter

 ## YOUR CART

 ## Jiu Jitsu. Wrestling. MMA.​ | The idea of jiu-jitsu is to give the little guy a chance to beat the big guy.-Royce Gracie Learn More |

 Jiu Jitsu Whether you are trying to learn how to defend yourself in a real world situation or become a competitior; our jiu jitsu class combines our self defense techniques with our sports jiu jitsu curriculum to ensure you can do both. | Kids Programs Self-defense for the ones that matter most in our lives. Through our classes your child will learn to defend themselves if the need should ever arise, but more importantly they will learn the importance of avoiding altercations- while gaining confidence, friends, and a skill that they will have for life.

 | ​Life starts outside of your comfort zone Our coaches are here to make sure you never feel out of place and to ensure you learn techniques properly, but most of all- to guide you as our gym becomes your second family and home away from home.We are blessed with some of the best coaches this area has to offer and are proud of the programs we have built.Each one of our coaches has over a decade of experience in their art and finds great joy in passing down their teachings. Learn more about the coaches

 ## We have classes 3 days a week with options to accommodate all schedules We offer Wrestling, Jiu Jitsu as well as private/semi private training to fit everyones crazy lifestyle. We do our best to make sure the hardest part of learning a new sport is getting started.
 Click Here For Our Class Schedule

 Soaring Eagle Jiu Jitsu | Upcoming Events

 We are open 5 days a week. Ask about our free no pressure trial. 804 Callahan St, Muskogee OK 74403(562) 716-1623 | We are open 5 days a week. Ask about our free no pressure trial. | | We are a family friendly environment and encourage you to join us for open mat and social events 12/12 Open Gym 1:00 PM Join us for open Gym, use this as a time to practice techniques you are needing more time on or simply come to socialize. Either way open Gym isn't the same without you there! 12/19 Open Gym 1:00 PM See y'all for open gym! | 12/12 | Open Gym 1:00 PM Join us for open Gym, use this as a time to practice techniques you are needing more time on or simply come to socialize. Either way open Gym isn't the same without you there! | Open Gym | 1:00 PM | 12/19 | Open Gym 1:00 PM See y'all for open gym! | Open Gym | 1:00 PM

 © COPYRIGHT 2015. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
