---
source_url: http://www.newconceptbjj.com/
final_url: https://newconceptbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:41.507Z
---

- info@newconceptbjj.com - 972.383.9065

 Menu

 # Best Martial Arts School in Dallas
 "An amazing experience." We transform kids into leaders full of discipline and focus. We help adults get fit and safe, fast. And we do it with FUN classes, amazing community, and action-packed martial arts. Try us risk-free today. Start your journey to a better you with the best martial arts training in Dallas.

 Our Dallas members see results fast. You’ll see the difference in as little as 1 week.

 ## LIMITED TIME OFFER See This Month's Amazing Deal Before It's Gone

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Program Little Kids Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 4-6) Big Kids Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 7-13) Teen Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 14-17) Adult Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 18+) Private Lesson Program

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from New Concept BJJ. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 Best kids and adults martial arts center in Dallas. See why hundreds of Dallas residents love our martial arts classes for their kids. You’ll love our fun, friendly community of members.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Dallas Grappling skills build real-world self-defense. Fun group games & activities build positive social skills. Practicing & training to advance in belts builds focus, drive, and discipline. These Dallas kids Jiu-Jitsu classes won't just get your child fit & strong - they'll grow tools for success in life.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Jiu-Jitsuin Dallas "I can't believe the transformation." After just a few of our Dallas teen Jiu-Jitsu classes - you'll see the difference in your child. Respect, confidence, social skills, fitness and focus start growing right away. Amazing instructors give your teen a trustworthy ally to their growth & success.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsuin Dallas Most fights end up on the ground. To protect yourself, there's no martial art more powerful than Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. These adult martial arts classes teach you grappling skills that even work against much larger opponents. Make friends, get fit, and grow your confidence as you master these Dallas adult BJJ classes.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Private Lessonin Dallas Accelerate your progress with fully personalized lessons. Get expert, undivided attention right here in Dallas, tailored to your specific goals and skill level. Perfect for mastery, accelerated rank advancement, or focused competition prep.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Ladies Grappling Club in Dallas New Concept BJJ is home to the DFW Ladies Grappling Club, offering a welcoming space where women of all ages and skill levels can train, grow, and succeed together. Our Women’s Jiu Jitsu program focuses on developing self-defense skills, physical fitness, and mental resilience through effective grappling techniques.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## why CHOOSE New Concept BJJ?
 We opened our martial arts school here in Dallas with a simple mission: Help our community get safer, and stronger — inside and out. For thousands of years, martial arts has helped millions of people become their best selves. As you master the techniques, train hard, form bonds with your classmates — you transform on the inside too. Your confidence grows. Your focus grows. Your discipline grows. You’re able to achieve more in your day-to-day life.
 Kids do better in school and find it easier to make friends and socialize. Adults focus more intently on their careers, relationships, and family. And knowing that you have the skills to keep you and your loved ones safe gives peace of mind. We’re committed to our community, and to you. Come try us out with our amazing web special and see for yourself, today.

 “Been at this gym for a year and highly recommend it. Teachers are knowledgeable, friendly and helpful, and have a deep well of knowledge on the sport. Students are welcoming and good training partners due to the culture cultivated here.”

 “We tried other gyms for my boys (5 and 6) and they did not like it. Here, they love it! Highly recommend their kids’ classes. Communication has been great, the coach is great, and my boys have made so much progress. We all love it! “

 “I’ve been training at New Concept for almost a year now and have had an extremely positive experience. Initially, I was just looking for a way to stay in shape, but the great atmosphere and great people I met motivated me to see it as much more than just that.”

 “I’ve been training for a little over a year at New Concept and have nothing but good things to say about the gym, owners, and coaches. I had no training experience so I was nervous to start. The coaches and members made me feel welcome from the start.”

 “Mandy is an amazing coach and training partner! My daughter has trained with her and has benefited so much from her skill and expertise. Would highly recommend this gym. “

 “I have been training at New Concept BJJ for several months and have added so much to my game. Coaches Caleb and Jesse do a great job sharing their knowledge with everyone of all skill levels.”

 ## It's the will. Not the skill.
 ## Build Self-Discipline
 Your starting fitness and skill levels don’t matter – as long as you put in the effort in every class, you’ll see results.

 ## Gain Confidence
 When you step out of your comfort zone in our classes, you allow space for unshakable confidence to grow.

 ## Improve Focus
 Mindfulness practices don’t go away when you step off the mat. The skills you gain in class flow into everything you do.

 ## About our programs
 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsuin Dallas After just 1 class, you'll see why parents and kids here rave about these Dallas kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. Parents are shocked as your child develops focus, respect, confidence. Kids love making friends, and the exciting fitness & training. Get started today, risk-free.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Jiu-Jitsuin Dallas Our Dallas teen BJJ classes have some parents in shock. They can't believe the focus, discipline, respect, and fitness their child achieves - fast. Teens need the right community & mentorship to flourish. Let's empower your teen today.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Jiu-Jitsuin Dallas Even if you're out of shape and have never trained in martial arts in your entire life, you will love these Dallas adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. Make friends. Tone your body. Sharpen your mind. Learn life-saving self-defense. Come try it out today.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Private Lessonin Dallas Rapid Skill Development in Dallas Skip the group class pace. Focus intensely on technique, sparring, or self-defense with an instructor dedicated only to your rapid improvement. Build confidence and foundational skills safely in a controlled, one-on-one environment.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Ladies Grappling Clubin Dallas At DFW Ladies Grappling Club, our mission is to empower women in the Dallas-Fort Worth area through the art of grappling and jiu-jitsu. We are a supportive and inclusive community where women of all ages and skill levels can train, grow, and thrive together.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programs

 Does Martial Arts Training Ever Turn Kids Into Bullies?
 Bullies are rooted in insecurity and fear. But our Dallas kids martial arts classes grow confidence, focus, and respect. And our group training builds positive social skills and confidence. So long story short: No! Your child won’t become a bully, and there are no bullies in our classes either!

 Should Parents Stay And Watch?
 That is up to you! If you need some ‘me time’ — go grab a coffee and relax. Your child is in great hands. If you’d like to stay and observe, you’re welcome to do that as well, and make friends with the other parents. We’ve got a great community here in our Dallas martial arts school and can’t wait for you to become part of it.

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No way! Some folks come to us who have never exercised in their lives. Others have athlete-levels of fitness. That’s the beauty of martial arts — everyone starts at the same place. And although you’re in a group setting, you’re on your own personal journey. Some people advance faster than others. Every pace is okay. There’s no ego here in our Dallas kids and adult martial arts classes. Just support and positivity.

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 There is no real answer for this! And we’d urge you to be cautious of any school that gives you one. The truth is, the path to black belt is a deeply personal and individual journey. Some folks have natural talent and practice hard every day. Other people need to spend more time building coordination and fitness.
 It’s not about getting to black belt, it’s about you becoming a better version of yourself along the way. As you train, overcome obstacles, make friends, find support — you’ll become a stronger you, inside and out.
 And our instructors here at New Concept BJJ Dallas are committed to you every step.

 How Do I Claim My Limited Time Offer?
 Assuming all spots are not taken — claiming your amazing web special is easy.
 1) Scroll to the top of this page and fill out the form. Or…
 2) Click to access any of our program-specific pages, and fill out the form on that page. Or…
 3) Give us a call at 2149081364! We’re happy to sign you up over the phone too!
 Spots are limited so please hurry. We’d hate to see you miss out.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 For your first martial arts class here at New Concept BJJ in Dallas you’ll only need a few things: comfy clothes, a water bottle, and an open mind.
 It’s perfectly natural to be nervous your first time too. Happens to everyone! As soon as you see how kind and welcoming our community here is, that will disappear.

 I'm Not Very Sporty Or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all! Dallas men, women, and children of all fitness levels come to us, whether it’s for kids or adult martial arts. Come as you are!
 Some of our top students were unfit and uncoordinated at first. Now they’re performing techniques they never dreamed possible. The confidence they gained realizing what they were capable of is the biggest gift of the process.
 All you have to do is show up. We’ll take care of the rest.
