---
source_url: http://www.octagonmma.com/?utm_campaign=gmb
final_url: https://octagonmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:42.700Z
---

# Fitness worth fighting for #ConquerLife
 Contact Us Today
 Pause Video

 #### Welcome to! ## # Octagon Martial Arts Studio
 Experience the journey of self-discovery at Octagon Martial Arts Studio, located in Dallas, Texas. Our studio offers a range of martial arts classes that aim to enhance your growth and skill development through world-class techniques. Our goal is to provide you with an unparalleled mixed martial arts training experience, ensuring that you feel a sense of growth after every session. Don’t waste any more time – conquer life today with Octagon Martial Arts Studio.

 ## Sign Up Today! Sign up today for seven days FREE access to high-quality martial arts and fitness training!

 Get Started

 ## Programs The programs we offer cover a range of disciplines, including submission grappling with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, traditional Muay Thai fundamentals, Mixed Martial Arts, and even Yoga.

 ## About Us Octagon MMA proudly employs some of the best martial artists in the world under their specific disciplines.

 ## Get Started Diving into the world of martial arts training can seem like a complicated or daunting process. Check out our specials offers to get a taste of this experience before going headfirst!

 ## What's The Impact

 ##### Community Build relationships with like-minded individuals.

 ##### Confidence Put work into yourself that translates into self-assurance.

 ##### Fitness Equip yourself with increased strength, agility, flexibility, and mobility to improve your body’s health.

 ##### Mindfulness Translate focus of your surroundings and feelings into better daily decision making.

 ##### Healthy Habits Practice healthy habits in diet, socialization, and stress management.

 #####

 ## Sign Up Today! Sign up today for seven days FREE access to high-quality martial arts and fitness training!

 Get Started

 ## Testimonials

 The facility had very clean mats, bathroom, locker room, and showers. I highly recommend this academy for everyone interesting in learning/training jiu jitsu.

 Matias T , Google

 Octagon is the best gym I ever stepped in. Every coach in the gym provides a world-class workout. It’s spotlessly clean and tidy with facilities that get sanitized daily.

 Roya , Google

 Easy to recommend- high level, experienced coaching in Muay Thai and BJJ, very open and accommodating atmosphere. This gym can be a sanctuary.

 Nate H , Google

 My 6 year old son's 1st foray into martial arts. He had a absolute blast! Top shelf all the way.

 Chuma B , Google

 Definitely worth trying out, 4 Stripe Brown Belt.

 Ben N , Google

 Loved the facility and a great professor! Very welcoming.

 Jack J , Google

 The facility was one of the best I have seen - super clean mats, bathroom, locker room, and showers

 Frank L , Google

 He does a great job of letting people learn at their own place and will make students of all levels feel welcome.

 Will D , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Octagon Martial Arts Studio has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (214) 521-6662
 [email protected]
 124 Leslie St, Dallas, TX 75207
 Get Directions

 ### Octagon Martial Arts Studio 124 Leslie St, Dallas, TX 75207
 Get Directions

 ## Sign Up Today! Sign up today for seven days FREE access to high-quality martial arts and fitness training!

 Get Started
