---
source_url: http://www.hojsatx.com/schedule-a-trial-1
final_url: https://hojsatx.com/schedule-a-trial-1
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:21.449Z
---

# Contact us to ask about our programs and drop ins! #### Beginner Onboarding #### Beginner Onboarding #### Beginner Onboarding
 This is the perfect program for those who are just beginning their Jiu Jitsu journey, or if you are unsure if Jiu Jitsu is the sport for you. Our Beginner On Boarding program is 5 weeks long.

 #### Drop In- trial #### Beginner Onboarding #### Beginner Onboarding
 If you have trained previously and are looking for a new gym to call home, this is the option for you! Contact us to schedule a drop in.

 #### MMA #### Beginner Onboarding #### MMA
 Looking to fight or join our Fight Team? Come on over! This is only available to individuals with grappling/striking experience, and who have all necessary MMA safety equipment.

 ## Subscribe Enter your email to stay up to date with sales, events, and new programs!
 Email

 Sign up

 ## Schedule your Trial/visit #### Select the option that fits your needs! We are flexible! If you don't see what you are looking for, let us know and we will work with you to give you the best options to meet your needs.

 #### Email houseofjiujitsusatx@outlook.com

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### NEW Beginner Programs Our Beginner Program is growing!
 We now offer Beginner BJJ, Beginner Muay Thai, and Beginner MMA.

 I'd like more info!
