---
source_url: http://www.hojsatx.com/programs
final_url: https://hojsatx.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:21.631Z
---

# House of Jiu Jitsu is open to anyone ages 4+. Visitors are welcome! Class Schedule

 ## Subscribe Enter your email to stay up to date with sales, events, and new programs!
 Email

 Sign up

 ## Available Classes #### Membership to HOJ includes unlimited access to ALL programs and classes. Jiu Jitsu
 Fundamentals Jiu Jitsu
 No Gi Jiu Jitsu
 Muay Thai
 MMA
 Wrestling
 Boxing
 Kids- Jiu Jitsu & Kickboxing

 If you would like more information on programs , pricing , or scheduling a tour, please email: houseofjiujitsusatx@outlook.com
 or give us a call at 210-386-0780

 ## WE CAN SHOW YOU A FEW THINGS #### ALWAYS WILLING TO LEND A HAND IN OUR COMMUNITY HOJ Student assisting SAPD in restraining this criminal.

 #### Submission Hunter Pro Jacob P. Landin

 #### WHY JIU JITSU Jacob P. Landin

 ## About Us #### Qualified Instructors Led by Professor Jacob Landin the HOJ coaching staff has years of training both as students of Brazilian Jiu Jitu and as instructors.

 #### Our Philosophy Our mission:
 To help students reach their full potential, both on and off the mat, using the principles of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Focus on the individual, grow the individual, and the team will flourish.

 #### Modern Studio Our 13,000 square foot facility is located in the bustling Southtown area of downtown San Antonio Tx. Located within a 1 mile radius of the Blue Star Art District and the King William area. The area outside your gym is just as important as the area inside !

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### NEW Beginner Programs Our Beginner Program is growing!
 We now offer Beginner BJJ, Beginner Muay Thai, and Beginner MMA.

 I'd like more info!
