---
source_url: http://www.hojsatx.com
final_url: https://hojsatx.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:21.816Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas

 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Downtown San Antonio Texas

 #### Welcome! If you would like more information on programs , pricing , or scheduling a tour, please email: houseofjiujitsusatx@outlook.com
 or give us a call at 210-386-0780

 ## Not just a jiu jitsu academy! click our 'about hoj' tab to see a full list of programs!

 ## HOJ Class Schedule Download PDF

 ## Subscribe Enter your email to stay up to date with sales, events, and new programs!
 Email

 Sign up

 ## Follow us!

 ## Reviews

 ## RECENT VIDEO HOJ student doing what he has been trained to do, stay calm under pressure and make intelligent decisions when facing the fire. House of Jiu Jitsu supports all LEO'S, tactical training coming soon to HOJ!

 ## CANCELLATION & REFUND POLICY House of Jiu Jitsu cancellation and refund policy
 Effective date: 07/01/2022
 Cancellation Process
 Notification: To initiate a cancellation, members must submit a written notice to [HOUSE OF JIU JITSU] at least [60] days before the intended cancellation date. This can be done via email to [ HOUSEOFJIUJITSUSATX@OUTLOOK.COM ]
 Final Payment: Any outstanding dues must be settled before the cancellation can be processed. If your cancellation request is within the [60]-day notice period, one/two final payment(s) may be charged.
 Paid in Full Memberships: PIF payment options are non-refundable but can be transferred one time to a friend or family member. Temporary membership freezes for injury up to (60 days).
 No Show Cancellations: Members who do not visit the gym for consecutive months without a formal cancellation request will still be subjected to regular membership fees. To avoid unnecessary charges, please adhere to the cancellation process outlined above.
 Military Relocation: Please email orders to [ HOUSEOFJIUJITSUSATX@OUTLOOK.COM ] for zero charge cancellation.
 Refunds: [HOUSE OF JIU JITSU] does not offer refunds for membership cancellations. Refunds will be issued to any over charge due to administrative error within (5) business days.

 #### Membership billing adjustment- February 01 2026 We want to start by saying thank you; your membership and support are what allow us to keep building the training environment and community we’re all proud of.
 Over the past three years, we have worked hard to avoid increasing monthly membership costs despite rising operational costs. After much discussion, to offset the growing operating costs, we have opted to attach the credit card processing fee to our monthly recurring billing. This will add a 3.75% increase to your current membership dues, which is significantly less than a full membership rate increase would require. The change will be implemented in our April billing, so March rates will remain the same.
 We understand that any financial change deserves clear communication, and we are committed to being transparent with you. Our goal is to make decisions that support the long term health of the gym while being fair to our members.
 Please feel free to reach out to our front desk if you have any questions!

 Sign Up Now

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### NEW Beginner Programs Our Beginner Program is growing!
 We now offer Beginner BJJ, Beginner Muay Thai, and Beginner MMA.

 I'd like more info!
