---
source_url: http://roninbjj.org
final_url: http://roninbjj.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:43.726Z
---

# About Ronin Jiu-jitsu is a Campeão United Affiliated Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school located at 2 Park Street, Attleboro, MA 02703. In addition to BJJ, we offer several fitness and Strength & Conditioning programs, as well as Boxing, and Sambo.
 Our goal is to share the art of Jiu-jitsu with open doors to all practitioners from all over with no judgment or bias. We want to share our knowledge and passion for the art in a positive and inviting environment.
 We currently offer 7 days a week. Contact us for more details regarding specific classes.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu | What is BJJ?
 Brazilian jiu-jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that teaches a smaller person how to defend against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper technique. While fights are something that should be avoided, there is always the possibility of one occurring, or of a situation escalating into a physical altercation. Typically, fighting will start in a standing position. However, opponents will usually wind up on the ground as it is hard to engage someone and stay standing. Most people think that all that needs to happen is for them to land a well placed punch or kick. That might be true.. if the other person decides to be compliant and not resist at all.
 A large piece of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is focused on getting someone to the ground. As soon as people wind up on the ground, the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu practitioner has even more of an advantage. Additionally, while BJJ teaches some devastating submissions, the intent is never to cause harm or injury. This is also helpful in teaching people restraint and respect. There are also several aspects of BJJ that, because it is leverage and technique based, has real implications for self defense. We periodically offer free practical self defense workshops for women.
