---
source_url: https://www.citadelbjj.com/class-schedule
final_url: https://www.citadelbjj.com/class-schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:06.850Z
---

Name:
 Email:
 Phone:
 We respect your email privacy

 ## Want To Try A Free Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Class?
 Enter your info in the form below, and a coach will contact you to help you get started...

 "Tell Me More"
 Your information will be kept confidential.

 FREE TRIAL AVAILABLE!
 Call Now: 319-855-8110

 You Won't Find A Better Class Schedule Anywhere In The Iowa City Area! And... You Can Try Our Classes FREE To See For Yourself!

 Adult Classes | Kids Classes | Beginner-Friendly Classes | BJJ Classes For Women Only | Competition Training | Early Morning Classes | Midday Classes | Evening Classes | Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes | No-Gi Grappling Classes | Wrestling Practices | Classes For All Skill Levels | BJJ Classes In Iowa City Seven Days A Week!

 Click Here To Schedule Your First Free Class

 CUSTOM JAVASCRIPT / HTML

 # "The People were super welcoming & the new facility is incredible!"
 I was visiting Iowa City and wanted to train some BJJ while I was in town. Citadel Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gave me a great place to train! The people were super welcoming and the new facility is incredible! Very clean and lots of space. I highly recommend you check them out.
 # Chris Barrett

 # "I cannot say enough good things about Citadel!"
 I have been sending my two oldest boys, aged 5 and 6, to the kids' program. They have had a blast and have learned so much! The coaches are fantastic and give a lot of individualized instruction to the kids. They teach good values, toughness, and are amazing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu coaches and practitioners. I cannot say enough good things about Citadel!
 # Nathan Black

 # "The gym, the culture, the instructors, the competition in the room - all top notch!"
 The gym, the culture, the instructors, the competition in the room - all top notch! Every single one of the instructors have absolutely unshakable integrity. What they’ve created in this gym is truly a gift to the Iowa City and BJJ community.
 # Danny Stafford

 Extremely Limited Time Offer Available Now

 Try A Free Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class

 Would You Like To Speak Directly To A Citadel BJJ Coach Right Now? Call 319-855-8110 (ask for James)!

 Citadel Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Iowa City | 319-855-8110 | Copyright ©2024 | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

 ## Working...
