---
source_url: https://www.citadelbjj.com/kids
final_url: https://www.citadelbjj.com/optin-533836681645737281190
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:08.336Z
---

Name:
 Email:
 Phone:
 We respect your email privacy

 Fill Out The Form Below, And A Coach Will Contact You To Help Get You Started

 Click To Get Started

 FREE TRIAL AVAILABLE!
 Call Now: 319-855-8110

 ATTENTION PARENTS! Do you live in the Iowa City Area? Do you have a child age 4-13?

 Incredible Free Trial Offer For Kids!

 We’ll PROVE to you that our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program in Iowa City can transform your child into a champion on and off the mat… And believe it or not… You’ll get to try our kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program right here in Iowa City completely FREE!

 Here's What You'll Get...

 - Free Trial Of Our Kids BJJ Classes - Free Student-Parent Consultation With A Coach - And, of course, all the benefits that come with learning one of the world's most effective, tried-and-tested, proven successful martial arts!

 Fill Out The Form Below, And A Coach Will Contact You To Help Get You Started

 Click To Get Started

 The Kids Here Are Having Fun, Learning Self Defense, Getting Stronger, Building Confidence, Getting Tougher, Developing Independence, And More!

 Dear Parent,

 If you’re thinking about getting your child involved in martial arts, then you’re going to love what I’m about to share with you.

 Here’s why…

 If I told you there is a NEW youth martial arts program in your area that can help your child increase self-esteem, improve behavior, get in great shape, have fun while learning self defense and life skills, get more focused, and lots more, and you could try this program completely FREE, would you be interested?

 If your answer is “Yes,” then I’d like to tell you a little bit about myself and my kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program here in Iowa City that has lots of parents from the Iowa City area raving about the positive benefits our program has to offer them and their children.

 My name is James Kelly, I’m the co-owner and head kids instructor of Citadel BJJ in Iowa City, and I’d like to PROVE to you what our kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program can do for your children. But before I give you a list of some of the benefits our program offers, take a look at what some of our happily-involved parents and students have to say about us…

 BJJ Black Belt Aarae Alexander, 6-Time IBJJF World Champion, Talks About Training With Coach James Kelly

 BJJ Brown Belt Malachi Edmond, Multiple-Time IBJJF World Medalist, Talks About Training With Coach James Kelly

 Chris Anderson joined Citadel BJJ along with his wife and two daughters, they all train at the school, and only two months in, they've already experienced tons of benefits from the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training program here in Iowa City. Chris and his wife Shelley train in the adult class, while their two daughters train in the kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class.

 Happily-Involved Parents Are Recommending The Citadel BJJ Kids Program

 *** More testimonials and success stories coming soon! ***

 Now that you’ve seen some of my proof, I want to show you a list of the positive benefits our kids and parents who are involved with our program are getting.

 Fill Out The Form Below, And A Coach Will Contact You To Help Get You Started

 Click To Get Started

 “What Can Martial Arts Like Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Give My Child That Other Things Can’t?”

 That’s a question we get all the time from concerned parents. Our answer to that is simple. What sets martial arts apart, particularly our specific training program designed for kids, is that it teaches a variety of “life skills” and focuses a lot on “character building” not just flashy fighting moves you might see in a lot of TV commercials or movies.

 The physical skills and attributes your child will develop will continually improve because our system is on-going, not “seasonal” like most sports. Our system is about a lifestyle, one that makes kids better people overall – on the mats and off the mats – a program that develops “Champions In Life.”

 Now let's get a little more specific as to what you'll see take place with your child when you start our kids program...

 Take a look at what your child will get by being a part of our team…

 Here’s a list of 57 benefits your child will receive just by being a part of our youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program in Iowa City…

 A confident child is an unstoppable child!

 - Unshakable Confidence (Your child, and you, will see the benefits of this boosted confidence on and off the mats!) - Self-Esteem (Your children will feel good about themselves, and for good reason—they’ll be working hard and experiencing all the benefits of their hard work. Not only will they feel these benefits, you as the parents will see them!) - Meaning (Your children will discover that they are important and their lives have meaning.) - Self-Satisfaction (Your child will feel good about being a good person and doing the right things all the time!)

 Click To Start Your Kids Program Free Trial
 Your child will not get bullied!

 - Anti-Bullying Behavior (Your child will learn how to handle bullies!) - Self-Defense (Your child will learn real-life, proven self defense skills.) - Courage (Your children will learn how to stand up for themselves, say “No” to drugs, and avoid bullies and peer pressure.) - Peer Pressure Avoidance Skills (Your children will have the courage to say “No” to drugs, resist peer pressure, and stay away from other dangerous and unhealthy activities!) - Eye Contact (Kids who don’t look down at the ground and keep good eye contact with people don’t get bullied.)

 This program will improve your child’s athleticism and physical skills!

 - Motor Skills (Your child will have improved coordination and agility!) - Total Athletic Development (Your child will get increased strength, speed and agility along with mental toughness and fortitude!) - Physical Agility (Your children will develop incredible physical agility at a young age, giving them a major head start in athletics.) - Conditioning (Your child will get in better shape, look better and feel like a million bucks.) - Physical Strength (Your child will get stronger and build functional, healthy, sport-specific strength.) - Balance (Your children will improve their balance which will help them enjoy more physical activity.)

 This youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program will help your child instill a “Championship Mentality” and a mindset geared toward success!

 - Champion Mindset (Striving to do the right things in and out of school.) - More Focus And Concentration (Your child will pay attention more in class, during conversations and while doing school work.) - Positive Outlook On Life (Positive children succeed much more than negative children.) - Improved Memory (Your child will remember more in school and retain more of what’s learned in class.) - Anger Management (Your children will learn how to better deal with anger and disappointment.) - Drive To Succeed (Your child will be driven to be a good student in school and a fantastic kid outside of school.)

 Click To Start Your Kids Program Free Trial
 Fact: Developing these life skills at a young age is crucial for success later in life!

 - Discipline (Your child will be able to do the right thing, even when doing the right thing isn’t the easy thing to do.) - Better Manners (Your child will learn things as simple as saying “Yes sir” and “Yes Ma’am” to saying “Please” and “Thank you.”) - Social Skills (Your child will learn conflict resolution skills that help with social interactions.) - Responsibility & Accountability (Your children will learn how to take responsibility, and have accountability for their own actions.) - Teamwork Skills (Your child will learn how to get along well with others.) - Self Control (Your children will be able to focus their energy in a positive and productive manner.) - Success Habits (Your child will learn how to make success become a habit.) - Communication Skills (The ability to effectively communicate is one of the most important skills a person can learn. Your child will learn better communication skills.) - Better Behavior (Your child will develop better behavior in all areas.)

 Your child will build the skills and mindset needed to excel in the classroom.

 - Academic Success (Your children will actually want to work hard to improve their grades.) - Better grades (Your children will get better grades because they feel better about themselves and will want to work harder to succeed in the classroom.) - Improved Relationships With Teachers And Classmates (Your child will become a kid that teachers and classmates will love to see every day!)

 Your child will become healthier and more active!

 - A Healthy Lifestyle (Your child will learn how to get fit and stay strong and active.) - Fitness (Your children will improve their current fitness level which will make them healthier kids.) - Nutrition (Kids in this program will be educated about how to eat right, and they’ll be encouraged to eat healthy foods that’ll make them stronger!)

 Click To Start Your Kids Program Free Trial
 Your child’s going to have lots of FUN!

 - Tons Of Fun (Your child will be a part of an educational program that makes learning fun.) - A Positive Learning Experience (Your child will learn how to embrace positive things while avoiding negative things.) - Focusing And Directing Energy (Kids in this program will learn to channel their energy and directed it at the right things.) - Life Enjoyment (Your child will have the mental and physical tools to enjoy life more.)

 Give your child a head start in life by being a part of this “complete” martial arts and character development program

 - Life-Long Benefits (Your children will gain mental skills and physical skills that carry over at home, in school, and throughout their entire lives.) - Personal Development (Your child will be developing and improving each and every class.) - Potential Maximization (Your child will develop his/her own unique potential and learn how to maximize it.) - Mental Toughness (Your child will learn how to be strong in the face of adversity.) - Personal Achievement (Our program focuses a lot on personal achievement so each child can get the most out of the program for themselves.) - Character Building (Your child will build character, not just learn how to defend themselves in a physical confrontation.) - Leadership Skills (Your child will be a leader, not a follower.) - Constant Motivation (Your child will get motivated to be a productive member of society.)

 It’ll feel great when people interact with your child and go, “Wow! What a great kid!”

 - Gain Respect (Your child with gain self-respect, give respect to others, and get respect in return!) - Role Model (Your child will become someone for others to look up to.) - Admiration From Your Peers (Your child will become a child that your friends, neighbors, co-workers, other fellow parents, and others will be impressed with.) - Goal-Setting (Your child with learn how to set goals and work toward achieving them.)

 Click To Start Your Kids Program Free Trial
 Your kids will benefit from having qualified, world-class coaching!

 - Top-Notch Instructors (You’ll have positive, encouraging instructors who know how to teach and develop children as complete martial artists equipped with the tools to succeed on the mats and in life.) - Personal Attention (Your child will receive quality instruction and personal attention even class.) - Quality Coaching (Your child will get to work with highly trained instructors who are committed to excellence in all areas.)

 Provide your child with a structured learning environment!

 - Structured Training (Your child will be in a structured environment and loving family atmosphere that promotes good behavior and success; many of our happily-involved parents consider our academy to be a “safe haven” for their children.) - Focused Classes (Your child won’t be training in a chaotic environment with other classes going on at the same time; it’ll be focused, deliberate training, done the right way.) - And More…

 ...And it gets even better!

 When you come see us to discover for yourself the benefits of our program, we’ll give you…

 The Most Incredible Free Trial Ever!

 Here’s what’s included in this free trial offer…

 - Tour Of Our Facility – During this tour you’ll get to see our facility and we’ll be able to talk further about what your personal needs are and what you’re looking to get out of our program for your child. - 2 Free Introductory Lessons ($120.00 Value) — I’m offering you two free kids classes for your child to try and for you to view. During these classes your child will have an opportunity to build a closer relationship with the instructors and kids team. Before and after each class, we will have an opportunity to answer any and all questions you may have about our program and we can see if everything is a good fit for you and your family. - Free student-parent conference ($60.00 Value) — Before or during the introductory program we will meet one-on-one to discuss your child's needs and your child's progress. We will educate you regarding our program and help you understand the developmental process for your child. We will give you tips on how to reinforce your child's development and share with you how our school can help you achieve you and your child's goals.

 All FREE for investing just a little bit of your time with us (with absolutely no obligation to join). Through our experience we’ve found this is the absolute best way for you to be able to make a well-informed decision about our program and to see if our program can meet your needs (I’m sure it will).

 You’ll be able to see if we can give your child the powerful benefits promised in this letter.

 Sound Good? Here’s exactly what to do right now…

 All you have to do in order to take advantage of our free trial program is to give us a call so that we can schedule a time one of our instructors can meet with you for your child’s first free introductory lesson and for your student-parent consultation.

 Give us a call right now...

 319-855-8110

 Ask for me, James, and I’ll be able to help you get started.

 Don’t wait, because I’m not sure how long this Free Trial offer will be left on the table. I promise you’re making the absolute best decision for your child’s future and well-being. Give us a call and let us prove it to you!

 Thanks for reading and see you soon,

 James Kelly
 Head Kids Coach
 Citadel BJJ
 Iowa City, USA
 319-855-8110

 P.S. You simply won’t find a kids program like this anywhere in your area. We make strong promises but we’re willing to PROVE them to you. Come see for yourself what an amazing job we can do for you and your child.

 Call 319-855-8110 right now and come give us a try.

 Fill Out The Form Below, And A Coach Will Contact You To Help Get You Started

 Click To Get Started

 Citadel Brazilian Jiu Jitsu | 319-855-8110 | Copyright ©2024 | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

 ## Working...
