---
source_url: https://fightready.com/fight-ready-to-host-open-mat-fundraising-event-on-sunday-june-15-2015/
final_url: https://fightready.com/fight-ready-to-host-open-mat-fundraising-event-on-sunday-june-15-2015/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:30.216Z
---

(480) 941-5466 info@fightready.com

 # Fight Ready to Host Open Mat Fundraising Event on Sunday June 15, 2015

 by FR Team | May 25, 2018 | Uncategorized

 Our beautiful friend and amazing Nava BJJ student Julissa Lizette was recently diagnosed with Hodgkins Lymphoma. While we know Julissa has a tough battle ahead of her, we also know she is a fighter in every sense of the word. She also has strong support system that consists of not only friends and family, but an entire community. Fight Ready, Nava BJJ and other local business owners, as well as prominent members of the Jiu Jitsu community have joined together to support Julissa in her fight.
 On Sunday June 14, 2015 an Open Mat event will be held at Fight Ready MMA and Fitness from 11am to 2pm. Come down and roll with notable Jiu Jitsu Black Belts while supporting a great cause! 100% of the proceeds will go towards helping Julissa Knock Out Hodgkins Lymphoma!
 This event is an opportunity to come together as a community to show Julissa that she is not in this fight alone. Thankfully, Hodgkins Lymphoma is generally very responsive to therapy. Our goal for the Open Mat event is to raise money to help cover costs associated with Julissa’s medical treatments, so she can fully focus on fighting the disease.
 Flicka’s Baja Cantina will be donating their services and the food for the event. Food can be purchased for $5 a plate (again all proceeds will go towards Julissa’s medical treatments). The first 50 people that donate $20 or more to participate in the Open Mat event will receive a free shirt! We encourage everyone to come out and show their support. Let’s pack the Mat’s!
 If you plan to attend, please RSVP on the ‘Jiu Jitsu for Julissa’ event page on Facebook . Thank you!

 start your free trial
 ## The Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Youth It is more crucial than ever to provide children with a physical and mental outlet in a society when screens and sedentary activities are the norm. For young people, Brazilian...

 Read More

 ## A Great Parents Night Out! Our first Parents Night Out was a smash hit! Everyone had a great time at Parents Night Out! We had over 30 kids come visit with us! Thank you Paris, Heath, Anthony, and Georgia...

 Read More

 ## Oblique Kick–Keep or Ban? The oblique kick is a technique that appears to have been started a long time ago near the beginnings of the UFC. Some of us remember Royce Gracie sort of using a kind of...

 Read More

 ## Why Choose MMA For Your Fitness Goals? We’ve all seen the hamsters—in their cages—running on the wheels. Going nowhere. We think to ourselves, “What a miserable existence. Looking...

 Read More

 ← Four Fight Ready Fighters to Fight for WFF Saturday, May 30 at Wild Horse Pass Fight Ready Cover Story in Scrapp! Fight Magazine →
