---
source_url: http://www.bayshorebjj.com/
final_url: https://bayshorebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:41.792Z
---

- - - - -

 5 Rating

 - - - - -

 92 Rating

 # Hazlet MARTIAL ARTS & FITNESS REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu We at Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.
 GET STARTED TODAY LEARN MORE

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 VIEW OUR WEB SPECIAL &
 sign up for a free class
 Secure your spot & get started today with our FREE EXCLUSIVE online offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Lion Cubs (Ages 3 – 5) Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 5+) Family BJJ Adult BJJ Women’s Self Defense Muay Thai Summer Camp Birthday Parties -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## WELCOME TO Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 GET STARTED
 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 Lion Cubs (Ages 3 – 5)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 5+)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Family BJJ
 Family martial arts classes offer families a way to spend quality time together and get their exercise, too.
 View Program

 Adult BJJ
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with BJJ!
 View Program

 Muay Thai
 Get in the best shape of your life with our Muay Thai classes. Fitness goes to a new level with full-body workouts while learning how to fight.
 View Program

 Women’s Self Defense
 Get in shape and harness your body’s capabilities with BJJ!
 View Program

 Birthday Parties
 Try something new this year with a martial arts-themed birthday party in a real martial arts school!
 View Program

 Summer Camp
 Our martial arts summer camp provides fun and learning for kids of all ages.
 View Program

 DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE!
 ## BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojang and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 View Our Kids Jiu Jitsu Program

 Amanda Lonnay Great teacher, welcoming members , family oriented, great workout... 100% recommend!

 Becky Joyce Professor Joe is amazing and compassionate.
 It shows he really cares about his students and their families. He has gone above and beyond to make sure our son is enjoying and learning jiujitsu. And during the pandemic has been staying connected as well.

 Gregory Levine Very welcoming, great instruction and solid training partners in a laid back environment.

 Jay Joyce Great establishment with great instructors! Definitely care about the students!

 John Regina Jr. Coach Joe Dockery is not only very talented but has the ability to explain each technique at one's level easily. very friendly environment as well as very clean. Joe takes every precaution to make sure all are training in a healthy safe environment. not only am I training but also my daughter. that's how much we enjoy bayshore bjj.

 Josh Wagner Went in for a trial class at the beginning of November and within 10 minutes knew I would be signing up afterwards! The first thing I noticed was how clean the gym was and how nice the members and instructors were. Professor Joe has a wealth of knowledge on BJJ and was quick to provided on the spot guidance and insight. Joe has brought a lot of great guest instructors to the gym as well. I have already recommended the gym to a few friends and would absolutely recommend it to anyone whether they are new to jiu jitsu or just looking for a new spot to train

 Kristin Noelle Not only is Joe a great instructor with tons of experience but he is an extremely dedicated and hard worker. A great guy doing great things.

 Matt Aust Wanted to expand on the limited amount of training I get through work and was not disappointed. I have only been about 10 times and have already learned a lot. Great environment to train in and everyone there, from Professor Joe to each training partner, is there to help you out. Bayshore BJJ supports its students, the local community and law enforcement.

 IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH
 ## GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult Jiu Jitsu Program

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 Learn More About
 ## Bayshore BJJ Instructors
 Professor Joe Dockery Head BJJ Professor / Kids Coach

 Coach Mike Oettinger BJJ Professor & Head Striking Coach

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## RECENT BLOG POSTS
 BJJ Mat Etiquette: The Unwritten Rules of Gi and No-Gi Training
 Because Somebody Had to Write It Every Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy has its own culture, but some rules are universal. Whether you train in the gi or prefer no-gi, there is a baseline of etiquette that keeps everyone safe, healthy, and willing to roll with you again. Some of these rules are common sense. Others, apparently, […]
 READ MORE »

 A Private Lesson with Master Rickson Gracie
 Throughout my nearly 18 years of training jiu jitsu, I have always made it a point to learn from the best. Early on, I had the honor of learning daily from absolute legends like Renzo Gracie, Sergio Ignacio, and Luca Atalla. Then I studied primarily under Rolles Gracie Jr for a number of years, mixing […]
 READ MORE »

 Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Shines at 2025 IBJJF Pan American Championship
 Four Athletes Bring Home Medals from Prestigious International Tournament HAZLET, NJ – Bayshore Brazilian Jiu Jitsu continued its tradition of excellence at the 2025 IBJJF Pan American Championship, with four competitors earning medals at one of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu’s most prestigious international events. Leading the charge was Jason Fournier, who claimed gold and earned the […]
 READ MORE »
