---
source_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/programs/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/programs/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:35.304Z
---

## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 #### Start the Journey Today! Your children will love it! Our classes are broken down by age. Eagles 1 is intended for children 7-9 and Eagles 2 for children 10-14. These ages are only used as a guide and the instructors have the final decision on which class is best for your child. This decision may be based on the size or experience of your child.
 #### Martial Arts Offers Amazing Benefits for Kids More important than all the function Jiu Jitsu skills your kids will learn training with us, we also teach your children needed life skills that help them create goals and gain the confidence to reach them.
 With our Alliance BJJ Washing Kids Program, your child will get in great shape and boost their confidence! As your child learns Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, they will reap the rewards they cannot get from any other activity.
 #### Here are some benefits awaiting your child when they take Kids BJJ classes with Alliance Washington - Increases discipline - Increases focus and attention to detail - Improves social skills and leadership skills - Reinforcement of positive values - Builds confidence - Improves health and fitness

 #### Our Kids Success is our Number One Goal When you choose to enroll your kids at Alliance BJJ, you can rest assured you’re making a sound choice. On top of getting the best martial arts education around, we’ll also work with your kids to strengthen their minds and their bodies! Simply put, these BJJ classes are the best activity you can gift to your kids right now!
 #### Reach your Kid’s Full Potential as Soon as this Month! If you want to find the best kid’s BJJ program around, you don’t need to look any further than Alliance BJJ! With new kids’ classes starting this month, we’re offering amazing discounts off our regular prices that you won’t want to miss! To learn more about this exciting offer, take a second to complete the contact form below. When you do, we’ll give you all the details you need to take advantage of this special opportunity to bring out the best in your kids with the Kids BJJ classes at Alliance BJJ.
 #### Youth Competition If your child is interested in competition, then Alliance BJJ Washington is the place to be! Our goal in this class is to start introducing the points’ submission variables for different competition systems. This class will focus on taking learned techniques and weaving them together to increase their performance in preparation for competition.

 ## Free 1-on-1 Intro Class Ask how you can sign up for a FREE 1-on-1 class for beginners! See you on the mats soon!

 Sign up today!
 ##### Free 1-on-1 Intro Class ×

 #### Alliance BJJ Washington ## Want Help Reaching Your Goals?

 ##### Alliance BJJ Lacey
 253-343-3255
 info@alliancebjjwa.com
 6110 Pacific Ave SE Suite B Lacey, WA 98503
 ##### Alliance BJJ Lakewood
 253-343-3255
 info@alliancebjjwa.com
 12828 Pacific Hwy SW, Lakewood, WA 98499, USA
 Alliance BJJ Washington welcomes those located near our two locations (Lacey and Lakewood) and those in Tacoma, Olympia. You can find our two locations in western Washington on our website with Google Maps assistance!
 You also call, text, or email us! Ask how you can sign up for a free class!

 Please select a location: Alliance BJJ Lacey Alliance BJJ Lakewood
