---
source_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/alliance-bjj-lacey
final_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/alliance-bjj-lacey/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:36.181Z
---

## Alliance BJJ Lacey Schedule
 Baby Eagles: This class is for children 5-6 years old and is 45 minutes in duration. It is our goal to introduce our youngest practitioners to the gentle art in an engaging and educational way. Basic fundamental Jiu Jitsu skills will be learned through games and techniques. Children in this class can expect to improve their motor skills, increase their attention to detail, and build positive relationships with their peers and instructors.
 Eagles 1 and 2: Available for kids 7 and up, our kids’ program will provide a more technical approach to learning Jiu-Jitsu. Kids will realize their potential by being presented with and working through challenges while developing their techniques. They will learn self-defense, respect, discipline, and leadership skills while having fun safely expanding their grappling skills.
 Fundamentals: Our fundamentals classes are for white belts only and will focus on the fundamental concepts and movements of Jiu Jitsu. It will provide the foundation upon which everything else is built.
 All levels: This class in for everyone and will present fundamental concepts to help build a strong foundation to begin linking techniques together.
 Int/Adv: A student MUST have at least two stripes on their white belt before attending OR the instructor’s approval. This class covers advanced Jiu Jitsu techniques and positions that build upon the concepts introduced in the fundamentals class.
 Adult No-Gi: A no-gi Jiu Jitsu class follows the structure of an advanced class minus a gi (traditional Jiu Jitsu uniform). It is practiced in grappling shorts and a rash guard. A solid grasp of the foundational principles of Jiu Jitsu is needed as this class is fast-paced and more rigorous.
 Women’s Only: Our women’s only program is led by women instructors and is designed for women of all skill levels that are interested in training only with other women. You can expect to see everyone from moms to teenagers and Jiu Jitsu hobbyists all the way to active competitors. The goal of the program is to provide women with a welcoming and comfortable environment to train Jiu-Jitsu. There is a strong emphasis on community so friends often extend beyond the mats.

 - Intermediate Gi - 6:00 am - 7:15am
 - Little Eagles - 4:15 pm - 5:00 pm
 - Eagles - 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
 - Fundamentals - 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
 - Intermediate - 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
 - Advanced - 7:00 pm - 8:15 pm

 - Fundamentals - 6:00 am - 7:00 am
 - Fundamentals - 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
 - Little Eagles No-Gi - 4:15 pm - 5:00 pm
 - Eagles No Gi - 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
 - Fundamentals - 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
 - No Gi - 6:00 pm - 7:15 pm

 - No Gi - 6:00 am - 7:15 am
 - Intermediate - 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm
 - Eagles - 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
 - Intermediate - 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
 - Advanced - 7:00 pm - 8:15 pm

 - Fundamentals - 6:00 am - 7:00 am
 - Fundamentals - 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm
 - Preschool - 4:15 pm - 5:00 pm
 - Little Eagles - 4:15 pm - 5:00 pm
 - Eagle - 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
 - Fundamentals - 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm
 - Competition 2 Stripes & Up - 6:00 pm - 7:30 pm

 - Intermediate - 6:00 am - 7:15 am
 - No Gi - 12:00 pm - 1:15 pm
 - Women's Only - 5:00 pm - 6:00 pm
 - Fundamentals - 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm

 - Comp Kids - 9:30 am - 10:30 am
 - Comp Adults - 10:30 am - 12:00 pm
 - Open Mat - 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm

 ## Student Login

 Kicksite Login
 Student Login for Kicksite
 Student Login

 ### Alliance BJJ Lacey We make it easy for you to get started! Please fill out the form and we will call you back.

 253-343-3255
 info@alliancebjjwa.com
 6110 Pacific Ave SE Suite B Lacey, WA 98503
 Get Directions

 ### Alliance BJJ Lacey 6110 Pacific Ave SE Suite B Lacey, WA 98503
 Get Directions
