---
source_url: http://sharksidejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.sharksidejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:32.181Z
---

# SHARKSIDE JIU-JITSU
 Try a Free Class Today
 - -

 ## ABOUT SHARKSIDE BJJ
 Sharkside BJJ is the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program at Faction Combatives and Combat Sports (factioncombat.com). The vision of Sharkside BJJ is to create a training and competition atmosphere where personal growth, technical progression, and continually breaking through new physical barriers is achieved on a daily basis. Whether your goal is to get in shape, gain self confidence, start a new hobby, learn how to protect yourself, or become a serious competitor, Sharkside BJJ will help you achieve all your personal goals on and off the mat.
 "Once you begin Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, everything in life becomes easy" - Dan Gable Gracie
 ​

 About

 "I may not be the biggest of strongest shark at Sharkside, in fact I'm more like a minnow comparatively. However, as someone who has survived passed trauma, I find comfort in knowing that I have the confidence to hold my head high and be able to hold my own should I be faced with a similar situation. I feel aside from the comradery shared among my family members at Sharkside, I find solace in training at this place knowing that I'm learning valuable life saving skills whilst getting into the best shape of my life. There's no place I'd rather be than on the mats with my teammates after a hard day at the office." - Dr. Mandy Carroll

 meet the staff
 ## MEET OUR BLACK BELT INSTRUCTORS
 Brenden Richardson's style of BJJ can best be described as a fusion between USA Wrestling/GD Jiu-Jitsu. He has competed and placed at state, national and world level BJJ tournaments.

 ### Brenden Richardson
 GD Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt

 Delivering a smooth and technical style of BJJ, Mike Lin is our original renaissance man. A former Phoenix SWAT/K9 officer, competitive shooter, Mike is also a seasoned competitor in BJJ.

 GD Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt

 ### Mike Lin

 Steve Heilman is an accomplished competitor with multiple placings at national and world level BJJ competitions. A natural at BJJ, Steve's style is a combination of speed, strength and technical superiority.

 ### Steve Heilman
 GD Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt

 ## Meet our Instructors
 # Maiston Hattery
 A complete martial artist, Maiston has black belts in multiple striking arts and a vast amount of technical knowledge in BJJ. Maiston runs the MMA program at Faction Combatives and is a huge asset to our BJJ coaching staff.

 # Albert Nikolao
 Albert "The Perfect Storm" Nikolao can be found sharing his Jiu-Jitsu knowledge with our morning crew and sharpening his skills by actively competing at state, national and world level competitions.

 # Roanin Richardson
 Having grown up under the tutelage of Coach BR, Roanin has fast been making a name for himself on the competition scene.

 ## CONTACT US 480-277-3218
 (480)277-3218 | sharksidejj@hotmail.com
 1529 S. Clearview Ave. #107
 Mesa, AZ 85209

 Contact

 Get In Touch
 Thanks for submitting!
