---
source_url: http://10pabq.com
final_url: https://10pabq.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:05.301Z
---

### WE’RE IN THE BUSINESS OF CHANGING LIVES

 # Programs

 - Kids Martial Arts All parents want their children to become leaders. At 10th Planet Albuquerque, we believe that all children are special and capable of greatness. We provide our students with the skills they need to be exceptional. Our kids martial arts program will instill discipline and respect as well as work to boost their self-confidence and help them become physically active and mentally fit. - 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu is a non-traditional system of Brazilian jiu-jitsu developed by Eddie Bravo. It was one of the first jiu-jitsu systems to avoid using a gi.At 10th Planet Albuquerque, we focus on a holistic, well rounded approach to grappling, heavily incorporating judo and wrestling while also training with every application jiu jitsu in mind- self defense, sport jiu jitsu, and MMA. - MMA Take your martial arts training to next level with our MMA class where we blend the technical ground game of Jiu Jitsu with powerful Muay Thai striking and essential MMA techniques.This class is designed for all skill levels, focusing on fluid transitions between striking, clinch work, takedowns, and ground control. Whether you’re an aspiring fighter or just looking to develop a well-rounded skill set, our expert coaches will guide you through drills, live sparring, and fight tested strategies to help you improve fast.

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address

 Sign Up

 Thank you!
