---
source_url: http://teamstrikemartialarts.com
final_url: https://teamstrikemartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:14.495Z
---

Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Muay Thai - MMA # Bringing Jenks, Glenpool, Tulsa and Beyond Premier Martial Arts Training View our programs Request information now

 Plenty room for activities and the coaching are 2nd to none! ... Read More
 #### Eric Short

 Great place to train with a Friendly atmosphere ... Read More
 #### Nathan Greer

 Solid instruction and good training partners...great place to train! ... Read More
 #### Stacy Cearley

 See More Reviews

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Through our refined Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu system, we'll help you gain robust fitness and learn powerful self-defense skills. From competition to casual practice, we are your source for authentic Jiu-Jitsu training here in Jenks.

 ## Muay Thai Our Muay Thai classes teach you how to strike with every limb of your body and generate power and speed from any position. We're helping people of all fitness levels find success and we can't wait for you to be next.

 ## Kids BJJ Join us today for the best Kids Martial Arts classes in Jenks. We work with students of all ages and skill sets, helping every child find success one step at a time through quality BJJ instruction. Learn more today or visit us here at Strike Martial Arts Academy and see it all for yourself.

 ## Strike Martial Arts Academy We're better than your everyday gym. When you train with us, you'll get world-class training from high-quality instructors , learn practical self-defense , build robust fitness , and discover a passionate community . The best part is, we cater to every one from across Jenks, Glenpool, Sapulpa, and more! We are a veteran-owned Martial Arts Academy specializing in Muay Thai Kickboxing & Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training for everyone, from beginner to hobbyist to professional fighter.
 Our members are mothers, fathers, kids, teachers, lawyers, doctors, fire fighters, police officers, tradesmen, accountants... everyday people from all walks of life. We help each of our members achieve their personal fitness goals, learn elite fighting skills, feel confident and safe, and create enormous pride in themselves.
 We pride ourselves in serving the community of Tulsa, Jenks, Glenpool, and beyond with premier Martial Arts instruction! Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started today!
 Get Started Today!

 Scroll through our social media below!

 Strike Martial Arts Academy ## Our Services
 #### Confidence & Self-Esteem Confidence is the most vital part of a martial arts training regimen. As such, our school is dedicated to providing our students with the self-belief needed to accomplish any goal.

 #### Discipline & Self-Control Discipline sits as the cornerstone not only of martial arts, but of life achievement as a whole. Our easy-to-follow programs will instill our students with discipline and internal motivation that will improve all aspects of their lives.

 #### Self-Defense Martial arts, while also a way to achieve fulfillment and self-esteem, are also a great tool for use in physical defense. Safety is a constant worry in life, and our school will arm students with a variety of ways to keep themselves and their loved ones out of harm's way.

 #### New Friends & Mentors Our school is not just a service, it is a family. Any new students welcomed into our fold will be treated as personal friends and are sure to make connections that will last a lifetime.

 Plenty room for activities and the coaching are 2nd to none!

 Great place to train with a Friendly atmosphere

 Solid instruction and good training partners...great place to train!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
