---
source_url: http://www.fatcatbjj.com/kids-programs
final_url: https://www.fatcatbjj.com/kids-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:12.949Z
---

# Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu AKA: BULLY PROOF
 ### Our program consists of two class structures to offer kids the best training experience ### We offer classes for 3-12 yrs old ### Below is what you can expect to find in either of our programs

 ### This class is developed for children between the ages of 3-12 years old. The value of Martial Arts is something we live by and understand the importance of teaching our children. They will develop skills to navigate through tough problems and find solutions. We believe that Brazilian Jiu Jitsu works perfectly to teach our children these problem-solving skills. The mental aspects and physical skills that are taught in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu give our children the following skills; problem solving, confidence development, self-discipline and AWARENESS! We know the attributes and skills that your child can learn from martial arts; when a quality program is taught with kindness and care.
 Your child will learn that martial arts and self-defense truly starts with SELF. At Fat Cat Jiu Jitsu our classes are designed to help your child get outside of their comfort zone, so that new levels of confidence and physical abilities can be revealed. Goal setting and achieving with us has never been so fun!
 All our training exercises and drills have been carefully designed to help develop hand-eye coordination, motor skills and self-defense skills. Through our philosophy of positive reinforcement and through interaction with instructors and other children, your child will develop the security and confidence to thrive in new situations. Learning how to set short term, mid-term and long-term goals is not only fun, but a great life skill.
 Your children will be more focused and attentive, and equipped to do their very best in school.

 ### Tuesday 5pm-5:45pm, Wednesday 4:15-4:30 (3-5yrs) 5-5:45 (6-12yrs) Thursday 4:15-4:30 (3-5yrs) 5-5:45 (6-12yrs)and Saturdays 11:00am-11:45pm (all ages)
 Tuesday and Thursday 12pm Home School Program
 Some of the program benefits
 Life Skills
 - Focus - Teamwork - Self-discipline - Self-control - Respect - Confidence - Listening skills
 Physical Skills
 - Balance - Hand-eye coordination - Fundamental self-defense concepts - Stamina - Flexibility
