---
source_url: http://www.fatcatbjj.com
final_url: https://www.fatcatbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:13.094Z
---

Scroll

 # BENEFITS OF # BRAZILIAN # JIU JITSU - Self Defense - Weight Loss - Increased flexibility - Improved fitness, strength and general physical conditioning - Life Long Friendships - Critical Thinking and Problem Solving - Stress release and improved concentration - Increased self-confidence. - Bully Proof

 What is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 ( BJJ ) is a martial art, combat sport, and a self defense system that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. Brazilian jiu-jitsu was formed from early 20th century Kodokan Judo ground fighting (Ne-Waza) fundamentals that were taught to Carlos Gracie by master Mitsuyo Maeda. Brazilian jiu-jitsu eventually came to be its own art through the EXPERIMENTATION, practice, and adaptation from the Judo knowledge of Carlos who then passed HIS knowledge on to his extended family.
 BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger assailant by using leverage and proper technique, taking the fight to the ground – most notably by applying joint-locks and chokeholds to defeat the other person. BJJ training can be used for sport grappling tournaments (gi and no-gi) and mixed martial arts (MMA) competition or self-defense. Sparring(commonly referred to as "rolling") and live drilling play a major role in training, and a premium is placed on performance, especially in competition, in relation to progress and ascension through its ranking system.

 # Private Classes Available ### LEARN MORE →

 LOCATION:
 ## 157 Ward St ## Montgomery NY, 12549 845-222—6283
 Call to schedule a free class
