---
source_url: https://12stjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://12stjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:07.644Z
---

# 12th street Jiu Jitsu and MMA classes

 #### Our Classes 12th st Jiu Jitsu MMA has a diverse class schedule, giving members flexibility and variety in their training, which provides students a platform for continued growth and progress whether the goal is fitness or competition based. People join for many reasons, and we take great pleasure in seeing every one of our members succeed and exceed their personal goals with our help.

 Sign up for 1st Free Class!

 ## Our Classes #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Our adult Jiu-Jitsu programs are specifically designed with each student’s personal achievement in mind. Your personal goals, such as fitness or self-defense, will be taken into account when you sign up. Our self-defense classes for men and women are a great way to practice real-world techniques while strengthening your mind and body. Students see improvement not only athletically, but also mentally as they incorporate our proven principles into their lives.

 #### No-Gi Jiu Jitsu #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 No-Gi Jiu Jitsu is fundamentally the same as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, with the main difference being the lack of material to grip. The grips provided by the BJJ uniform allow for many judo-style throws, while no-gi takedowns resemble those of Olympic style wrestling. The difference in gripping also affects the application of submission techniques on the ground.

 #### Kids Class #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Kids Class
 Jiu-Jitsu is more than a self defense system. We aim to teach our students not only to defend themselves from bullies but also to instill the key traits of a life time Martial Artist: honor, respect, humility, discipline, and perseverance. We help children become the best they can be! We focus on creating a life-changing Kids Martial Arts program that will help our students overcome the many challenges life presents.

 #### Wrestling Dive into the essence of Folkstyle wrestling, a key component in MMA's grappling game. Originating from American collegiate wrestling, Folkstyle emphasizes control and ground strategy. Join us at 12th street and master pivotal takedowns, pins, and escapes. Sharpen your MMA skills, enhance core strength, and gain a strategic edge, all while building unparalleled mental resilience. Equip yourself for the cage with the rich heritage of Folkstyle.

 ## Upcoming Schedule
 view now

 ## First Free class Trial #### Trial Form Name*

 Email*

 Phone number*

 Sign up for our email list for updates, promotions, and more!

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Once you fill out the info stop by and try your 1st class for free

 #### 12th street MMA and Jiu-Jitsu 1107 East Bell Road, Phoenix, Arizona 85022, United States
 602-497-7070

 #### Hours Open today | 10:00 am – 09:00 pm |

 ## Connect With Us

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### New Discounted Pricing! Give us a call for a quote! Come visit us for your free first class.

 Learn more
