---
source_url: https://12stjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://12stjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:07.717Z
---

# 12th Street Muay Thai and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 12th Street Muay Thai and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 12th Street Muay Thai and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 12th Street Muay Thai and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Mixed Martial arts classes for adults and kids in the North Phoenix community.

 Click for your 1st free class!

 ## Welcome to 12th street Check out our academy.

 ## 12th street jiu jitsu #### Welcome to 12th street Jiu Jitsu We pride ourselves on offering the top of the line, training facility that offers some of the best coaches from within the community. Professor Jose is the head instructor as well as a black belt In Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. With over 15 years experience learning, coaching and competing at the highest level, 12th street jiu jitsu has formed the best staff to help students achieve their training goals. Our programs are designed to maximize your time invested and will allow you to get the best results while maintaining a family friendly atmosphere. Whether it's confidence, self-defense, fitness, or competing at the highest level, our programs will get you the results you want. For the best Jiu Jitsu and MMA experience, look no further. We service the north phoenix, moon valley, metro phoenix and deer valley area in Arizona.

 Professor Jose Munoz. Head instructor and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black belt.

 ## Classes #### Adult Jiu Jitsu #### Adult Jiu Jitsu #### Adult Jiu Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art based on grappling and ground fighting. It focuses on the skill of controlling your opponent and applying techniques that force him or her to submit. Most of the techniques learned in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu concentrate on taking your opponent down to the ground and keeping them there, enabling you t

 Show More
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art based on grappling and ground fighting. It focuses on the skill of controlling your opponent and applying techniques that force him or her to submit. Most of the techniques learned in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu concentrate on taking your opponent down to the ground and keeping them there, enabling you to attack for submissions. Studies show that 95% of street fights end up on the ground, making Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu one of the most effective, real-life fighting systems on the planet.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu enables the smaller, weaker practitioner to use leverage, grip, and position to overcome a bigger and stronger opponent. It is a highly technical martial art that not only provides its students with a deeper understanding of the workings and limits of the human body, but also equips them with problem solving skills and greater body awareness

 Show Less

 #### No-Gi Jiu Jitsu #### Adult Jiu Jitsu #### Adult Jiu Jitsu
 No-Gi Jiu Jitsu is fundamentally the same as Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, with the main difference being the lack of material to grip. The grips provided by the BJJ uniform allow for many judo-style throws, while no-gi takedowns resemble those of Olympic style wrestling. The difference in gripping also affects the application of submission techni

 Show More
 No-Gi Jiu Jitsu is fundamentally the same as Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, with the main difference being the lack of material to grip. The grips provided by the BJJ uniform allow for many judo-style throws, while no-gi takedowns resemble those of Olympic style wrestling. The difference in gripping also affects the application of submission techniques on the ground.
 Where the BJJ ground game is methodical and technical, no-gi grappling moves tend to be more fluid and fast-paced. We have found that it is best for the student to know the basic fundamentals of Gi Jiu Jitsu in order to properly excel in this class. Without the basic knowledge of Gi Jiu Jitsu, it can create bad habits with your techniques; having the fundamentals engrained into your muscle memory allows this class to be even more beneficial.

 Show Less

 #### Kids Class #### Kids Class #### Kids Class
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than a self defense system. We aim to teach our students not only to defend themselves from bullies but also to instill the key traits of a life time Martial Artist: honor, respect, humility, discipline, and perseverance. We help children become the best they can be! We focus on creating a life-changing Kids M

 Show More
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than a self defense system. We aim to teach our students not only to defend themselves from bullies but also to instill the key traits of a life time Martial Artist: honor, respect, humility, discipline, and perseverance. We help children become the best they can be! We focus on creating a life-changing Kids Martial Arts program that will help our students overcome the many challenges life presents.

 Show Less

 #### Muay Thai #### Kids Class #### Kids Class
 Muay Thai, often referred to as "The Art of Eight Limbs", is a striking martial art from Thailand that utilizes punches, kicks, elbows, and knee strikes, making it a comprehensive stand-up combat system. In our Muay Thai class, students of all levels are welcomed to learn and refine their skills in a supportive and energetic environment.

 Show More
 Muay Thai, often referred to as "The Art of Eight Limbs", is a striking martial art from Thailand that utilizes punches, kicks, elbows, and knee strikes, making it a comprehensive stand-up combat system. In our Muay Thai class, students of all levels are welcomed to learn and refine their skills in a supportive and energetic environment. Each session begins with a thorough warm-up, emphasizing agility and flexibility, followed by technique drills where students pair up to practice various strikes and defenses. Advanced classes include controlled sparring sessions, allowing participants to apply their skills in a realistic setting while prioritizing safety and respect. Our experienced instructors provide personalized guidance, ensuring that every student progresses at their own pace and achieves their personal fitness and martial arts goals. Whether you're looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense, or compete in martial arts, our Muay Thai class is the perfect place to start your journey.

 Show Less

 #### Wrestling Wresting is a key component in MMA's grappling game. Originating from American collegiate wrestling, Folkstyle emphasizes control and ground strategy. Join us at 12th street and master pivotal takedowns, pins, and escapes. Sharpen your MMA skills, enhance core strength, and gain a strategic edge, all while building unparalleled mental resilience. 🤼‍♂️

 ## View Schedule
 view now

 ### Our Partners

 ## Help Our Cause Your support and contributions will enable us to meet our goals and improve conditions. Your generous donation will fund our mission.

 Donate Now

 ## Contact Us

 #### Drop us a line! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Call is best, Email is good too. We'd love to answer all your questions. For our fastest response time, please call 602-497-7070 and schedule your visit during normal business hours ahead of time to allow us to accommodate you. We are located in North Metro Phoenix area.

 #### 12th street MMA and Jiu-Jitsu 1107 East Bell Road, Phoenix, Arizona 85022, United States
 602-497-7070

 #### Hours Open today | 10:00 am – 09:00 pm |

 Get directions

 ## Social

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### New Discounted Pricing! Give us a call for a quote! Come visit us for your free first class.

 Learn more
