---
source_url: https://www.graciemesa.com/page/gracie-adult-combatives-classes
final_url: https://www.graciemesa.com/page/gracie-adult-combatives-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:03.296Z
---

Co-Ed Adult Beginner Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Mesa

 Learn the 36 core techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) in a fun, safe, and cooperative environment.

 Get 10-Days of Gracie Combatives ® Adult Co-Ed Classes in Mesa, COMPLETELY RISK FREE!
 Follow the prompts below to schedule your free introductory lesson...

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Mesa. Your information will never be shared or sold. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply.

 ## The fastest way to street readiness It’s not just a workout — it’s a life-saving skillset. Learn how to protect yourself and your loved ones, even if an attacker is bigger and stronger than you.
 Come see why Mesa comes to our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program for self-defense.

 ## Safe and structured self-defense The top two reasons why people don’t learn martial arts is because they fear getting injured, or that they will not be good enough.

 The structure of our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes make them ideal for beginners with absolutely no experience, and we prioritize the safety of our students in every class.

 ## Join our family Our students and our instructors make us a big, supportive family here in Mesa. We work with each other, not against each other, as we pursue our goals together. Come for the jiu-jitsu , stay for the community.

 We welcome newcomers with open arms!

 ## Gracie Combatives is the perfect beginner self-defense program for adults In this program, you will learn the 36 core techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) in a fun, safe, and cooperative environment. Gracie Combatives prepares you to defend against a heavier, stronger, or more athletic opponent in a real-life altercation.

 ## Get the Gracie University® advantage In addition to live classes, every student receives a subscription to Gracie University Online, which gives you unlimited online access to the Gracie Combatives streaming instructional video archive.

 Use this resource to review past lessons, learn new techniques, and prepare for future belt tests 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, from any computer or mobile device!

 Take advantage of this powerful tool and take your technique to the next level!

 The Gracie Difference

 Building a Strong Foundation for a Lifelong Journey

 ### Step 1: Learn The Techniques Originally developed for the U.S. Army, Gracie Combatives is entirely dedicated to the mastery of 36 essential techniques organized into 23 one-hour lessons.

 These 36 techniques address the most common behaviors with the greatest success in a street fight.
 This program makes learning jiu-jitsu easy and fun regardless of your age or physical ability.

 ### Step 2: Develop Your Reflexes Once you complete each of the 23 Gracie Combatives lessons twice, you will qualify to participate in the Reflex Development (RD) Classes
 In Reflex Development classes, you will learn how to combine the 36 techniques to address the most common occurrences in a real fight.

 ### Step 3: Earn Your Gracie Combatives Belt Once you’ve gained proficiency in the 36 techniques you can test for your Gracie Combatives belt.
 Promotion to Gracie Combatives belt means you’ve demonstrated the ability to defend yourself against an untrained opponent that is heavier, stronger, and more athletic than you.

 Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Adult Co-Ed Martial Arts Program.

 remove ## Do I need to be fit for this?
 There are zero fitness requirements to be able to start our beginner Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes! One of the benefits of BJJ is that it relies on technique and timing rather than strength, speed, or athleticism.

 Our students start at all different fitness levels, however, you will find that you do enhance your fitness by doing our BJJ classes at Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Mesa.

 remove ## I have no experience, what do I do?
 Just show up! Upon arriving, you will be given a uniform (called a “gi”) and will be given a focused introductory lesson by one of our instructors before you join in the group class.

 Every beginner class is taught with no previous experience necessary, so you will not feel left behind.

 Our program is structured by class number (23 group classes), so you will always know exactly what techniques you will be learning on any given day. You can even check out the techniques of the day on GracieUniversity.com before class to get a head start!

 remove ## I’m not very sporty or co-ordinated. Will that be a problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes may have described themselves like that before they started. There is absolutely no experience necessary for any of our beginner classes. You will fit right in!

 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at what your body is capable of, and how much you can improve! Our certified martial arts instructors are trained to keep their teaching simple, effective, and beginner-focused. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 remove ## How do I claim your limited time offer?
 We only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. To take advantage of our limited time offer, the fastest way is to fill in the form at the top of this page!

 Additionally, you can always give us a call. We would love to chat with you about what we do, and to help you determine if our Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Mesa martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 remove ## Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for women?
 Absolutely! Specifically because Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) has proven reliable in defending against larger opponents for nearly a century, it is the perfect martial art for women.

 Many women train in our Women Empowered® program and then transfer into our co-ed Gracie Combatives classes. However, both programs are suitable for female beginners.

 We love seeing the physical confidence develop in our female students as they gain self-defense skills on the mat!

 remove ## What do I need to bring to my first martial arts lesson?
 Upon arriving for your first jiu-jitsu class, we will provide a uniform, called a gi, for you wear. We recommend showing up in comfortable undergarments or leggings, and a t-shirt or rashguard that you can wear under your gi. We will also have training attire available for purchase after your class.
