---
source_url: https://fightdrive.com/bjj
final_url: https://fightdrive.com/bjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:04.414Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu In Delaware #### A Beginners BJJ Class Where You Are Respected We have all seen the BJJ school where only the "inner circle" gets attention and other students are left to fend for themselves. Well that is NOT Dauntless. Here every student gets our focus and attention until they are able to grasp the material. No matter what your physical shape or athletic ability we will bring you up to speed & make you GOOD!!

 Find Out more

 #### BJJ Intermediate Material For Solid Skills Once you earn your Blue Belt we hold nothing back as you take you through the Sport IBJJF Rules of BJJ but provide you even more as we prepare you for NAGA, Grappler's Quest, The Good Fight Submission Only and also MMA Applications. Our Blue To Purple Belt Curriculum will make you complete in both Gi and No Gi

 Find Out more

 #### Advancing To Brown & Black Belt In BJJ Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Is much more than just the moves that you think you see, it is also the energy "within" the move that you cannot see. Taking you to Brown Belt and then to Black Belt is something we take very seriously at Dauntless. It requires our utmost focus and commitment to build real depth in your ability and understanding of more complex principles. For us it is sacred and something we do very well.

 Find Out more

 ## Quality Jiu-jitsu #### Taught To You With A Great Depth & Expertise In Energy, Reading And Leverage To be great at Jiu-Jitsu you must learn that it is NOT just the moves, but the "ENERGY" within the moves that gives them substance to function in wrestling. "An empty soda can is easy to crush".

 #### The Application Of Energy To Points Of Contact In Both Offensive & Counter Offensive Moves Being able to apply and maintain energy to the key points of contact in any position are essential to your escape or control of the position to further execute a submission that your opponent cannot escape.

 #### Adhesion Adhesion is a very big skill for BJJ or Grappling. It is the ability to apply & maintain energy to your opponent that they feel stuck to your body in such a way that they cannot physically separate from you.

 ## Dauntless BJJ Lineage #### Rickson Gracie 1994-2002 #### Rickson Gracie 1994-2002
 Dauntless Chief Instructor Allen J. Sachetti had the blessing to be a Rickson Gracie Private Lesson Student from 1994-2004

 #### Royler Gracie 2002-2005 #### Rickson Gracie 1994-2002
 It was a great honor to be able to train with Royler Gracie and have him come to our school to do many seminars

 #### Renato Migliaccio 2004-2011 #### Luiz Palhares 2005 - Present
 Renato was a Mundial and MMA Champion who became a personal friend and always gave us world class teaching & rolls

 #### Luiz Palhares 2005 - Present #### Luiz Palhares 2005 - Present
 It has been our Great Honor to have been trained by and promted by Luiz Palhares. His skills & knowledge have given us a lot.

 #### Pedro Palhares 2005 - Present Like his father Pedro has been a tremendous asset to Dauntless. His technique and flow always add to us and we are most thankful.

 #### Marcelo Garcia 2015-Present Another Great Honor for us is the time we have had with Marcelo Garcia. A true gentleman & extraordinary master

 ## How About A BJJ Lesson
 The Triangle can be one of the most difficult things for BJJ practicioners to deal with but it is easy if you truly know what you are doing.

 ## Dauntless Class Schedule Newark DE #### Monday 6:00 pm - MMA Striking
 7:00 pm - Advanced BJJ Instruction
 8:00 pm - Advanced BJJ Rolling or MMA Sparring
 9:00 pm - Pekiti-Tirsia Tactical Combat Trade

 #### Tuesday 5:25-5:55 pm - Ting Tigers BJJ Ages 3-5
 6:00 pm - Youth BJJ 3-5 & 6-12
 7:00 pm - Teen & Adult BJJ Foundations
 8:00 pm - Teen & Adult BJJ Intermediate

 #### Wedneday 6:00 pm - MMA Striking
 7:00 pm - Advanced BJJ Instruction
 8:00 pm - Advanced BJJ Rolling or MMA Sparring
 9:00 pm - Pekiti-Tirsia Tactical Combat Trade

 #### Thursday 5:25-5:55 pm - Ting Tigers BJJ Ages 3-5
 6:00 pm - Youth BJJ 3-5 & 6-12
 7:00 pm - Teen & Adult BJJ Foundations
 8:00 pm - Teen & Adult BJJ Intermediate

 #### Friday Private Lessons & Seminars

 #### Saturday Pekiti-Tirsia - Tactical Combat Trade / 3 Hour Module - Edged & Impact Weapons, Empty Hands And Firearms Practiced For Operational Effectiveness In The Field

 Survival Fighting Axiom - Active Threat Solution / 3 Hour Module - Recreating Live Street Assaults To Enhance SFA Performance Under Duress. Call 302-743-3115 To Book Space

 MMA Fight Prep - Intense MMA Training Followed By Multiple Sparring Sessions Held for Team Dauntless prior to Amateur or Professional MMA Fight Bookings,

 BJJ Excelsior - Elite BJJ Training For Purple, Brown & Black Belts. In Depth Technique, Energy Application, Sensitivity And Rolling Beyond The Physical!!

 NOTE - Each Seminar or Module requires prior booking to attend. Call 302-743-3115 to book your space today. Must be over 18 And Have All Required Equipment For Each.

 Find out more

 ## Get up to date pricing & schedule

 #### For Up To Date Schedule & Pricing Fill Out & Send Full Name*

 Email*

 Cell Phone*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Let Us Know Too If You Want To Attend Our New Middletown Or Smyrna Delaware Locations You Will Get A Quick Response!!

 #### Dauntless BJJ & MMA 13 Prestbury Square, Newark, DE 19713, US
 (302) 743-3115

 #### Hours Open today | 09:00 am – 05:00 pm |

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
