---
source_url: https://fightdrive.com
final_url: https://fightdrive.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:04.579Z
---

(302) 743-3115

 # Dauntless Dauntless Dauntless Dauntless

 Brazilian Jiu-jitsu & MMA Striking In Newark & Middletown, DE

 FIND OUT MORE
 MMA SCHOLARSHIPS

 ## Home to 2 BJJ SUB ONLY World Champions!!

 ## FAMILY RUN SCHOOLS #### A Reservoir Of Knowledge & Expertise Dauntless Chief Instructor Allen J. Sachetti is a 4th Degree BJJ Black Belt certified by Rickson Gracie, Royler Gracie and Luiz Palhares. Maribeth Sachetti Is a 2nd Degree BJJ Black Belt and she was the first female Black Belt from the Philippines. Josh Sachetti is a 1st Degree Black Belt & Caleb Sachetti is a Brown Belt, both of whom have won World Championships in Sub Only BJJ. Dauntless is an official school of the Luiz Palhares BJJ Association. Professor Sachetti is also an instructor in Boxing, Muay Thai, Wrestling, Dumpag & the founder of the Dauntless MMA System

 sPECIAL OFFER

 #### Our Teaching Ethic At Dauntless ALL students are treated like Champions. New students or those lacking in athletic ability are NOT left behind. Every BJJ and MMA student at Dauntless gets in depth instruction with all efforts to make them something exceptional. The Sachettis give much more than just a superficial knowledge in BJJ and MMA. They provide detailed explanations and experiences for their students to develop a far greater Sensitivity and Skill Level in multiple disciplines.

 Learn More

 #### Get The Service You Need To Develop The BJJ & MMA Skills That You Want In over 30 years of teaching it would be difficult to list all of the Gold and Double Gold Medalists we have had at the NAGA, Grapplers Quest, The Good Fight, NJBJJF and other GI & No Gi BJJ Tournaments. We also have produced and continue to produce the most MMA Fighters from Delaware with the most Wins!! Our active MMA fight team competes at the XCC in Phila and ROC in NYC offering opportunities for both Amateur and Pro Fighters. We are the only school in Delaware to offer both MMA Striking Classes and MMA Clinch & Ground Classes

 try an intro

 ## See Our MMA Fights
 Josh Sachetti of Dauntless Gym competes in a 3 round war here at the XCC In Philadelphia. Dauntless trains both Amateur & Professional MMA Fighters. For more information on how to try out for our MMA Fight Team call 302-743-3115

 ## KIDS BJJ IN DELAWARE Ages 3-5 & 6-12 #### Confidence, Respect & Focus Genuine Confidence comes only from legitimate ability proven in actual experiences and in our Kids BJJ Course your child will get that every night. The class begins first with specific BJJ drills that are both anaerobic and aerobic to develop your child both physically and mentally.

 Self Respect comes from perseverance in the face of adversity until real achievement is obtained. Adults who lack this are easy to spot but those who have it usually began overcoming at an early age. Our Brazilian JIu-Jitsu courses allow your child a head start on developing a genuine respect for themselves and others.

 What can be achieved in this life without Focus? The ability to block out all negative distractions and still stay centered on your goal or purpose. Not only does this help kids with school but also later in life with jobs, college or other goals they may have.

 #### Learn More To see if your child could be accepted in our next Kids BJJ beginners cycle please click the Find Out More button below and fill out the web form. Please feel free to tell us something about your child and any special challenges he or she may have. Thank You

 Find out more

 ## DAUNTLESS HAS TWO BJJ WORLD CHAMPIONS #### 2021 BJJ Submission Only World Champion Joshua A. Sachetti For The 185 lb Black Belt Division In December 2021 Josh Sachetti of Dauntless BJJ in Newark, Delaware competed at The Good Fight Worlds for Submission Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. In Submission BJJ there are no points and no time limit, fighters must continue until they actually force their opponents to Tap Out. Some consider this much harder than Point Bjj Tournaments and also much more Pure to the Art of Jiu-JItsu as one cannot just hold and run out the clock. You must perform in order to win. Josh took the Gold in the 185 lb Black Belt Division.

 See Our Fights

 #### 2023 BJJ Submission Only World Champion Caleb M. Sachetti For Both The 145 lb And 155 lb Black Belt On December 9th, 2023 the Good Fight World Submission BJJ Championships had over 700 competitors in multiple weight classes and divisions. Caleb Sachetti competed in the No Gi 145 lb and 155 lb Brown & Black Belt Divisions fighting literal wars to win the GOLD IN BOTH WEIGHT CLASSES. Caleb now joins his brother as a Two Weight Class World Champion to teach Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu now at Dauntless BJJ in Newark Delaware. Located just off Rt. 4 across from Vinces Sports Center.

 Find out more

 ## FOR INFO ON schedule, pricing & MMA TEAM TRY OUTS

 #### Just Fill Out & Click Submit Full Name

 Email*

 Cell Phone*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### You Will Get A Quick Response On: All Pricing & Complete Info for Kids 3-5 & 6-12 BJJ / Teen & Adult BJJ / Teen & Adult MMA Striking, Clinchwork & Ground / The Survival Fighting Axiom / Pekiti-Tirsia as well as Intro Packages, Seminars & Private Lessons

 Message us on WhatsApp #### Dauntless BJJ & MMA 13 Prestbury Square, Newark Delaware, US
 (302) 743-3115

 #### Hours Open today | 05:00 pm – 09:00 pm |

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
