---
source_url: https://bit.ly/GbLindale
final_url: https://lp.gblindale.com/?utm_source=Google&utm_medium=my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.895Z
---

## GRACIE BARRA Lindale
 No matter your age or fitness level, our welcoming vibe and expert instructors from the largest jiu-jitsu school in the world will make you feel part of something special from day one.

 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## OUR PROGRAMS
 ## Choose the best program for you
 ## Adults Program
 Our adult class is designed to challenge and invigorate, offering a path to physical fitness, mental clarity, and a deeper connection with a diverse and supportive community. It’s an ideal environment for adults seeking to balance life’s demands with personal growth and health.

 ## WOMENS Program
 Women’s class is a dynamic blend of empowerment, skill-building, and community, fostering strength, confidence, and resilience in a supportive environment.

 ## KIDS Program
 Kids’ class is an exciting blend of fun, discipline, and growth, providing a safe and nurturing environment where children build confidence, skills, and lasting friendships.

 ## TEENS Program
 The teen program is tailored to inspire and engage young adults, blending Jiu-Jitsu mastery with life skills like leadership and teamwork in a vibrant, supportive setting. Here, teens not only refine their martial arts techniques but also cultivate self-esteem and resilience, crucial for their transformative years.

 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## More than Jiu Jitsu
 ## inclusion, support, and family in every class.
 - Support for Vulnerable Groups

 The academy can provide scholarships or social training programs for women victims of violence, children in shelters, and at-risk teenagers, helping them build self-confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills.

 - Inclusion and Accessibility

 Just like the school embraces students with special needs, the academy can offer adapted programs for individuals with mild autism, hearing impairments, or other conditions, ensuring everyone can experience the benefits of Jiu Jitsu.

 - Family-Friendly Space

 Inspired by the playroom concept, the academy can stand out as the only one in the region with a dedicated family area, where parents, children, and even babies can interact while a family member trains.

 ## Transforming lives on and off the mats.

 ## GALLERY
 ## Organized Like A Team, Fighting Like A Family
 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## ABOUT US
 ## WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT US

 ## ABOUT US
 ## gb lindale class schedule
 BOOK YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 What is Jiu Jitsu?
 Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art focused on grappling, submissions, and ground control. It teaches you how to defend yourself using technique and leverage, not brute strength.
 It’s great for improving fitness, building confidence, relieving stress, and learning real self-defense.
 Whether you’re a beginner or experienced, young or older, in shape or just starting out, Jiu-Jitsu adapts to you.
 More than a sport, it’s a way to challenge yourself, think strategically, and grow every time you step on the mat.

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 ## gracie barra lindale
 Gracie Barra is one of the most trusted names in martial arts around the World. Our values, commitment to excellence, and dedication to jiu-jitsu have set us apart as a leader in the Lindale, TX area martial arts community.

 Instagram Facebook

 ## location
 1816 S. Main Street, A2, Lindale, Texas 75771

 ## phone
 (903) 921-0885

 ## e-mail
 contact@gblindale.com
