---
source_url: https://www.rgabedford.com/classes/
final_url: https://www.rgabedford.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:48.101Z
---

### BJJ Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is recognised as one of the most effective, reality-based fighting systems worldwide. Developed by the Gracie family, it is founded on the principle that most fights—around 90%—eventually go to the ground. As a result, Jiu Jitsu emphasizes ground fighting techniques, aiming to position an opponent in a way that allows for the application of joint locks or chokes, ultimately forcing them to submit.

 ### BJJ Fundamentals A class dedicated to learning and reinforcing the basics of BJJ. Good for anyone but, if you are new to BJJ start here!

 Our Fundamentals classes are open to all belts as the experience of our coloured belts here at RGA Bedford sets a good example and allows for an extremely supportive environment for our newer students!

 There is no rolling (sparring) in this class. Instead, we follow a Roger Gracie curriculum to ensure that you cover a well rounded set of high percentage BJJ techniques. However, we will cover elements of specific positional sparring and the etiquette of rolling at RGA Bedford.

 ### No-Gi Submission Grappling ‘No-Gi’ Jiu Jitsu is a ground-fighting martial art that emphasises joint locks, chokes, and positional control. It involves using leverage, body mechanics, balance, and technique to gain an advantage over a live opponent. This style offers a practical approach to the ground game commonly seen in MMA.

 ### Junior BJJ 4-17 Years History has shown that martial arts can be an excellent teacher for children to learn life skills such as discipline, mental strength, focus, hard work, integrity, confidence, teamwork, and more. Ultimately, martial arts are about continuous self-improvement physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually.

 All of our junior classes here at RGA Bedford follow a comprehensive Roger Gracie curriculum, enabling the students to learn a well rounded arsenal of techniques to not only form a solid foundation for BJJ competition but also with a focus on self-defence to bully-proof your child!

 We also have regular gradings for our junior as we believe that this offers encouragement and positive reinforcement of the students dedication. Although we offer no belts solely based on attendance as we believe that every student is different and merit has to play an important part also, we use IBJJF’s 12 stripe per belt grading system. This allows for more stripes, helping keep the child engaged and enthusiastic whilst preventing over-grading which can render them unable to compete at their belt level. We keep an extremely close eye on their progress and feel confident that our students can hold their own in tournaments at their current grade.

 Our Junior BJJ classes are divided into three age groups (4-7, 8-11 & 12+). Please see our timetable .
