---
source_url: https://www.rgabedford.com
final_url: https://www.rgabedford.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:51.128Z
---

# Roger Gracie Academy
 REGISTER INTEREST!

 ## About Us

 The Roger Gracie Academy (RGA) affiliation is arguably the most respected and well-known Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) teams in the world. It was founded by Roger Gracie, a 10-time BJJ World Champion and a member of the famous Gracie family, who have played a significant role in the development and popularization of both Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and mixed martial arts (MMA).

 Roger Gracie Academy – Bedford is a premium, BJJ gym located in Bedford just off of the A421. It is the biggest BJJ gym in Bedford.

 We offer state-of-the-art facilities, a warm, welcoming atmosphere and a fantastic line-up of experienced coaches.

 We offer classes for total beginners, experienced competitors, and a comprehensive junior program tailored to young learners. Our BJJ Junior Classes follow the prestigious Roger Gracie curriculum, designed to provide children with a strong foundation in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu – Many of our young students have proved this on the competition scene. With bespoke classes for four different age groups, we ensure age-appropriate instruction that focuses on building technical skills, confidence, discipline, and teamwork. Each session introduces young students to fundamental techniques and principles in a fun, supportive, and safe environment. Guided by experienced coaches, students develop essential self-defence skills while learning the values of respect, focus, and perseverance integral to BJJ and the Roger Gracie philosophy.

 ## Classes
 We offer a range of classes catering to all levels and age groups.

 - Adult Gi - Adult No-gi - Adult BJJ Fundamentals - 3-4 Yrs Kids BJJ - 5-7 Yrs Kids BJJ - 8-11 Yrs Kids BJJ - 12+ Yrs Kids BJJ - Wrestling - Judo

 Discover More…

 ## Facilities
 We offer more than just great Jiu-jitsu!

 ### Sauna (coming soon) ###### Luxury purpose built sauna

 ### Showers and Changing rooms ###### Male and female changing rooms with showers

 ### Weights Area ###### Fully kitted-out weights area including: Kettlebells, dumbbells, squat racks, cable pulleys and more!

 ### Zebra Pro Mats ###### 50mm thick, 150m2 mat space

 ### Ice Bath (coming soon) ###### Multi-person Ice bath

 ### Ample Parking ###### Plenty of off-road parking right outside

 And More…

 ## Coaches
 We are proud to have an excellent team of coaches with a wealth of knowledge and experience to offer.

 Meet the team!

 ## Timetable

 Members Login

 ## What is BJJ?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport focused on grappling and ground fighting. It emphasizes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a larger opponent by using technique, leverage, and timing. BJJ practitioners learn various techniques, including joint locks and chokeholds, to control and submit their opponents. The practice often includes sparring (rolling) and is known for its effectiveness in self-defence and mixed martial arts (MMA).

 Read More…

 ## Finding Us
 Roger Gracie Academy, 52 Harrowden Rd, Bedford MK42 0SP

 Broadband Providers
 Get in touch
