---
source_url: http://www.starbjj.com
final_url: https://starbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:32.450Z
---

### Star Jiu Jitsu

 ### 214-727-9550

 ### Star Jiu Jitsu

 ### Martial Arts for Kids and Adults in Carrollton, TX

 Facebook Instagram

 214-727-9550

 BOOK FREE TRIAL

 ### Star Jiu Jitsu

 BOOK FREE TRIAL

 # Announcing...an Inspiring Martial Arts Program in Carrollton, TX for The Entire Family!

 Our dynamic Martial Arts Program in Carrollton, TX has something for everyone. Children gain rock solid self-confidence , build unshakable self-esteem , and hone razor sharp focus, while adults get fit , improve flexibility and quickly eliminate stress!

 Learn More

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Which Program Are You Most Interested In?

 Kids Martial Arts

 Our kids' martial arts program focuses on character building and leadership in a fun and safe environment.

 View More Info

 Wrestling

 Star coaches are a world class level of wrestlers and champions. We guarantee to raise our students to the next level.

 View More Info

 Kid’s Boxing & Muay Thai

 We teach our kids the disciplined techniques of Muay Thai and Western Boxing. Class training is focused for each student.

 View More Info

 Adult BJJ

 Our adult martial arts classes emphasize improving fitness, confidence, and practical self-defense.

 View More Info

 Boxing

 Quickly lose weight, get in shape, build muscle, and improve your cardio in our Boxing program.

 View More Info

 Muay Thai

 Great way to learn self-defense, get in shape, build muscle, an quickly lose weight.

 View More Info

 ### Meet the Founder of Star Jiu Jitsu!

 Hi! My name is Coach Yousef Alirezaei, and I’m very PROUD that hundreds of families all over the Carrollton area are singing the praises of our programs and telling their friends and neighbors how much of a positive impact it’s having on their lives. (You can see some of these stories for yourself on the “Reviews” page!)
 Our students are surprised by how easy it is to get started, and delighted that they don’t have to be “already in great shape” to truly enjoy their new classes. Parents who enroll their children are amazed at how patient and genuine our instructors are, and how quickly their child makes observable improvements in their level of focus and confidence!
 But the best way to see if our program would be a good fit for you or someone in your family is to try it for yourself .
 Get started now with one of our WEB SPECIALS and find out how you can be healthier, happier, and more confident with Star Jiu Jitsu training!

 Let's Get Started!

 #### Physical and Mental Development

 Our members tell us that our school is more of an institution of self-improvement, physically and mentally, rather than just a gym or some “activity.” It feels like a family. We concentrate on building the whole person: Physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, and socially.
 I pride myself on helping our adult members safely build lean muscle, quickly burn fat, gain flexibility, and relieve stress in a FUN, positive, and injury-free environment!
 And for the children, parents all over the Carrollton area give my martial arts classes credit for increasing their child’s ability to focus in school and at home, building their self-esteem , and igniting a passion for self- improvement they never would have expected.

 BOOK FREE TRIAL!

 #### Star Jiu Jitsu is So Much More than “Kicking & Punching”

 The martial arts are not “just” about self-defense!
 In reality, the physical “kicking and punching” are really just tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself and life.
 By practicing physical self-defense skills, you will follow the proven path for successful living based on discipline, focus, and perseverance.
 Take us up on our WEB SPECIAL offer, and see the benefits of my Carrollton martial arts program for yourself!

 BOOK FREE TRIAL!

 #### Star Jiu Jitsu reviews

 Tanya Elenkiwich     
 Student
 "I HAVE TOTALLY BECOME STRESS-FREE..."
 “By training in the martial arts, I have totally become stress-free. I love it. My life is so much more enjoyable!”

 Mike Earl     
 Student
 "I HAVE LOST 12 POUNDS, GAINED GREAT CONFIDENCE!"
 “I love Martial Arts training! With the training I’ve got, I have lost 12 pounds, gained great confidence!”

 Jordan Robinson     
 Student
 LOST OVER 65 POUNDS...
 “Since I’ve started Martial Arts, I’ve lost over 65 pounds! On top of that, I’ve gained confidence.”

 Chris Nelson     
 Student
 "LOST 25 POUNDS..."
 “I know that practicing the martial arts has helped me! I’ve lost 25 pounds, learned to control my emotions and be happier.”

 ## Ready for a New Beginning?

 BOOK FREE TRIALS!

 Star Jiu Jitsu

 3730 N. Josey Lane, Suite 114, Carrollton, TX 75007

 Starbjj@yahoo.com

 214-727-9550

 ### Star Jiu Jitsu Although many people think the martial arts are just about fighting, the truth is that the physical “kicking and punching” are really just the tools that I use to teach the more important, and MUCH more valuable lessons about yourself.

 ### MAIN

 - About - Reviews - Contact Us - Blog

 ### PROGRAMS

 - Kids Martial Arts - Adult BJJ - Boxing - Muay Thai - Wrestling - Kids Boxing & Muay Thai

 ### LINKS

 - Privacy - Sitemap

 ### © Star Jiu Jitsu All rights reserved | Powered by Amazing Martial Arts Websites

 Learn More
