---
source_url: https://teamsharkbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-classes-near-me/
final_url: https://teamsharkbjj.com/jiu-jitsu-classes-near-me/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:23.085Z
---

# How Do I Select Beginner Brazilian jiu-jitsu Classes Near Me?
 ## how do I select beginner Brazilian jiu-jitsu classes near me?

 ### ### ### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting. It was improved in Brazil in the early 20th century. The goal of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is to use leverage against an opponent’s strength, rather than brute force, to control them and eventually submit them with a joint lock or chokehold.
 ### What are the Benefits of Taking a BJJ Class? The benefits of taking a BJJ class are numerous. It can help you get in shape, learn self-defense, relieve stress, and make new friends. It also works on your flexibility, agility, and mobility.
 ### How to Choose the Right BJJ School for You? Choosing the right BJJ school for you can be a difficult task. There are many factors to consider, such as the legitimacy of the school, the location, and the style of Jiu-Jitsu that is taught.
 ### The Best BJJ Schools in Your Area The best way to find a good BJJ school is to do research. You should look at reviews from past students and see what they have to say about their experience at that particular school. It would be best if you also looked at what other schools offer and the location to make an informed decision.
 You can start by typing the keyword “ BJJ near me ,” “ Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu near me ,” and “Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu near me” If you are searching from San Antonio, TX. But if you are moving from another state and want to join a BJJ gym, you must type in “ San Antonio BJJ ” and “ Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in San Antonio .”
 Look at the Google reviews. Read the positive and negative reviews so you can understand the ratio difference. In most cases, if the Google reviews exceed four stars, you are in the right school. Not everyone can be 100% happy, which is just the nature of things.
 It is also essential to consider the quality of the school, instructors, and training environment. Some things to consider are:
 The Instructors:
 What rank are they?
 How often do they teach?
 Do their black belts have a good reputation in the BJJ community?
 Years of experience also is a major thing to consider.
 The Training Environment:
 How big is the school?
 Is there a well-structured class?
 Is it an open mat or closed gym setting?
 The Location:
 This is very personal as you can pick a school an hour from your home, but it is worth driving because you like everything about the school.
 The best BJJ schools in your area are not always the ones that are closest to you. Some offer one-time FREE classes so you can try them out, and others will give you a tour and show you the live training. Visit those schools, ask them questions and find out.
 If you are interested to learn Brazilian jiu-jitsu and have more questions, call our San Antonio Brazilian jiu-jitsu office at 210-913-8763.
