---
source_url: https://teamsharkbjj.com
final_url: https://teamsharkbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:24.433Z
---

### Team Shark, Daniel Pinheiro BJJ

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & martial arts gym

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that teaches a person how to defend themselves against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper technique. BJJ is a great way to gain confidence, get in shape, and a terrific self defense tool. People of all ages and physical abilities can participate. This sport is a full body work out that utilizes grappling. There is no striking which makes it ideal for self defense in children. BJJ is perfect for any age and physical ability.

 ### FREE 42 DAYS WARRIOR CHALLENGE

 Sign Me Up!

 ### FREE 42 DAYS KIDS WARRIOR CHALLENGE

 Kids Challenge

 ### 1 ON 1 While Team Shark Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is famous for the quality of its group classes, some people prefer to start with private training.

 Learn more

 ### Kids Kid's classes are for children ages 5-12. Teenagers generally attend adult classes, such as our Beginner BJJ class.

 Learn More

 ### Adults Our Adult classes are a great way to help learn self defense, discipline, weight loss, you name it you can find it in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for adults.

 Learn More

 ### WE ARE TEAM SHARKBJJ

 Led by 6th Degree BJJ Black Belt 4x World Champion in Gi and NoGi Daniel Pinheiro, Team Shark BJJ is your premiere destination for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and martial arts training. What ever your goals might be we can help you reach and exceed them. If you are looking to try a new sport, learn self defense, or just want a new way to train and get fit Team Shark BJJ is for you. Also we are the only gym in town that has more than 3 options of agreement.

 CALL US TO SET UP A FREE CLASS TODAY!

 ### WHAT CLASS IS LIKE

 Wondering what a typical bjj class is like? Check out the video to see what to expect from our classes. We promise it is nothing you are not capable of doing. All we ask is that you show up in work out gear and come ready to sweat and learn. You can expect a good warm up, stretching, technique training, and grappling/sparring in each class.

 Still have questions? Call us or check out our FAQ .

 ### WHY TEAM SHARK BJJ

 At Team Shark Daniel Pinheiro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu we are passionate about Martial Arts and fitness. Our gym offers the widest range of classes and schedule flexibility so you can focus on your individual goals.
 All classes are lead by 6th degree BJJ black belt Daniel Pinheiro. Daniel has over 30 years of BJJ experience and is a 4x BJJ and No Gi World Champion. Passion, expertise, and a family atmosphere have been the top contributors success of Team Shark BJJ. As we continue to grow we invite you to come experience our classes and be part of our family.

 LEARN MORE

 ### NEW FACILITY MORE AMENITIES

 Located near Castle Hills our facility was designed with 2 goals in mind, space and amenities. We now have 2x the mat room, sitting areas, wi-fi, and showers so that you can leave the gym and go about your daily routine. We want you to be as comfortable as possible in our gym if you are a student or an observer. Come check us out today!

 LEARN MORE

 ### IT HAPPENS THAT FAST

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a key component to numerous self defense courses. BJJ is a sure way to subdue and incapacitate any aggressor with out having to strike. Learning the correct form is key to mastery and that is why we have Daniel Pinheiro instructing the class. Daniel is a BJJ and No Gi world champion as well as has a professional record in MMA. Click here to read more about Daniel or here to see him in action.

 LEARN MORE

 ### OUR TEAM

 #### Professor Daniel Black Belt 6th Degree

 #### Patrick Lawinger Black Belt

 #### Chris Hardy Black Belt 1st Degree

 #### Chris Buttler Black Belt

 #### Nick Dixon Black Belt

 #### William Chiodo Brown Belt

 #### Sebastian Macias Brown Belt

 #### Remigio Hernandez Purple Belt

 #### Jason Smiley Purple Belt

 #### Juan Solano Blue Belt

 #### Dominique Manrrique Blue Belt

 #### Kevin SterneckertBlue Belt

 ### BJJ ARTICLES

 Check out our blog for all the latest and greatest in the world of BJJ. These articles are informative and a great way to pass the time while at work jk! Be sure to sign up for our newsletter so that you are notified any time a new post or event comes out.

 ### How to Get Your Kids Started in BJJ How to Get Your Kids Started in BJJ: A Path to Discipline and Confidence. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a great...
 Read More
 ### 6 Reasons Why BJJ is So Effective! 6 Reasons Why BJJ is so effective! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) has gained much popularity and has become one of the...
 Read More
 ### 17 Benefits of Training BJJ 17 Benefits of Training BJJ BJJ training offers numerous physical benefits that can improve overall health and fitness. In this...
 Read More

 ### TESTIMONIALS

 ## Google Rating

 ×

 ×

 Open Modal Open Modal
