---
source_url: http://www.buenobjj.com
final_url: https://buenobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.490Z
---

# Bueno Jiu Jitsu #### Be Bold. Be Bueno.

 #### Welcome! ## Bueno Jiu Jitsu
 Your Journey Starts Today – Douglas Bueno is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Gustavo “Guto” Campos and is a part of the Atos Jiu Jitsu organization. So if you’re looking to flip your fitness routine upside down, look no further. At Bueno Jiu Jitsu , we believe that anyone is capable of success. The art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind, too. Douglas Bueno ’s Jiu Jitsu program will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment.
 Get started today!

 ## Kids Summer Camp 2025 We had great vibes for our second year summer camp!
 Join us for fun, games, self-defense lessons, anti-bullying training, and Jiu Jitsu! (Snacks provided). For children ages 3-13.

 Register Now!
 ##### Kids Summer Camp 2025 ×

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Bueno Jiu Jitsu , we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## Instructors At Bueno Jiu Jitsu , we are passionate about Jiu Jitsu. Our staff cares about the personal development of each and every one of our students, and is here to guide you as you go through your martial arts journey.

 ## Special Offers Whether it’s a free trial or an event we are hosting, we want you to have an opportunity to try out Jiu Jitsu

 #### A sport of the mind, body and soul ## Why It's Important

 ##### Confidence Our martial arts training will leave you feeling strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar!

 ##### Health Jiu Jitsu is a full-body workout that will provide you with muscle gain, weight loss, both physical & mental health benefits.

 ##### Dedication Sick of setting goals and never accomplishing them? Join martial arts and start seeing results.

 ##### Patience In an age of instant gratification, Bueno Jiu Jitsu helps students master the art of patience.

 ##### Growth Martial arts isn’t just about reaching your black belt – it’s the perfect place for self-growth.

 ##### Community Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, and dedicated peers, you’ll sense our community the moment you walk through the doors.

 #####

 ## Learn more About Bueno Jiu Jitsu

 About Douglas Bueno
 Douglas was born in Santa Catarina, Brazil. His first introduction to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was in 1999 when he was a teenager. In 2003 he was introduced to Professor Guto Campos. Douglas received his black belt from Professor Guto Campos and still maintains close ties until this day. Douglas has lived in Lubbock, Texas since 2015. His vision for each of his students to feel like the best version on themselves whether it is training self-defense, for general fitness, or for competitions. There are a lot of reasons to love Jiu Jitsu.
 Learn More

 About Jiu Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu: A world wide form of self-defense and sport.
 After Brazilian Jiu Jitsu’s coming out party in the UFC in 1993, it’s popularity grew. After establishing a large practitioner group in Southern California with the Gracies move to the United States, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu soon spread across the United States. Today Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is practiced all over the world, and has regular Pan American and World Championships.
 Learn More

 ## Free Week Trial! Still not sure that BJJ is for you? Don’t just take our word for it, experience Bueno Jiu Jitsu for yourself. Sign up today and enjoy your first WEEK of class completely FREE!

 Special Offers

 ## What are students are saying

 The day I walked in the door I was greeted by everybody from class. The professor, Douglas Bueno, was very nice and professional.

 Brian R , Google

 I love this gym! Best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Lubbock with the best professors!

 Samantha C , Google

 This is hands down the best gym in Lubbock. Great professors and great people to train with. It is very authentic and well taught I highly recommend it!

 Cullen H , Google

 It’s the best gym in Lubbock. Amazing Brazilian jiu jitsu with the best professors.👊🏼

 Guilherme C , Google

 Professor Douglas Bueno is an amazing jiu jitsu practitioner! He teaches in a manner that makes all students feel comfortable, no matter what experience level they are.

 Dominic C , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Bueno Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (806) 451-0239
 doug@buenobjj.com
 6006 4th St Suite 110, Lubbock, TX 79416
 Get Directions

 ### Bueno Jiu Jitsu 6006 4th St Suite 110, Lubbock, TX 79416
 Get Directions
