---
source_url: https://gbroundrocktx.co/
final_url: https://gbroundrocktx.co/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:57.657Z
---

- ClassesGet Started - Instructors - Testimonials - Contact - AboutPrivacy Policy

 FREE TRAINING

 Get Started

 DISCOVER

 A MORE POWERFUL
 VERSION OF YOURSELF

 Free Training

 Call Now

 # Elevate Your Jiu-Jitsu Journey with Gracie Barra

 ## Learn from World-Class Instructors and Experience the Authentic Tradition of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Begin Your BJJ Adventure Now

 CALL NOW

 # TRY IT TODAY FOR FREE

 ## No Contracts or Obligations

 First Name

 Last Name

 Email *

 Phone *

 I agree to terms & conditions provided by the company. By providing my phone number, I agree to receive text messages from the business.

 ### CLAIM FREE TRAINING!

 WELCOME TO GRACIE BARRA

 IT'S MORE THAN JUST BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 ## Experience the power and discipline of Martial Arts at our Academy

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It is known for its effectiveness in self-defense and its ability to enable a smaller person to defend themselves against a larger opponent. At our academy, we offer expert instruction in the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, taught by skilled and experienced practitioners. Our classes are suitable for people of all ages and skill levels, and we have a welcoming and inclusive community of students. Whether you are a beginner looking to learn the basics or an experienced practitioner seeking to refine your techniques, our academy has something to offer you. Join us and discover the physical and mental benefits of training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 # Benefits

 - Improves physical fitness and conditioning
 - Increases self-defense skills - Develops mental discipline and focus - Provides stress relief - Builds social connections and friendships

 Call Now

 # CLASS SCHEDULES

 # Try Martial Arts for FREE!

 It has never been easier to try us out with no obligations or contracts

 - Improve Coordination - Develop Discipline - Mental & Physical Benefits - Learn Self-Defense - All While Having Fun

 With over 1000 schools, Gracie Barra is considered the most trusted martial arts academy in the world. With a family friendly atmosphere and world class instructors, we have everything you need to succeed.

 Martial Arts Kids & Teens

 - Martial Arts classes for kids and teens at Gracie Barra Jiu Jitsu Academy are designed to promote physical, mental and emotional development. Our experienced instructors provide a safe and supportive environment where students can learn self-defense techniques, improve their fitness levels and build confidence. - Improved Focus and Concentration: Martial arts training helps kids and teens develop focus and concentration, which can carry over into their academic and athletic performance. - Increased Confidence and Self-Esteem: Through learning new techniques and successfully practicing them, kids and teens can build confidence and self-esteem, leading to a positive outlook on life

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu For Adults

 - Experience the challenge and reward of our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes for adults. Our experienced instructors will guide you through the techniques and principles of these martial arts, teaching you how to use leverage and technique to overcome opponents. - Regular training can improve cardiovascular fitness, flexibility, coordination, and mental focus, as well as reduce stress. Our classes are suitable for people of all skill levels and we have a supportive and inclusive community. Join us and discover the many benefits of training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu .

 Private Training

 - In addition to our group Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes, we also offer private lessons for individuals or small groups. Private lessons are a great way to receive personalized instruction and focus on specific areas of your training. Our instructors are skilled in tailoring the lesson to meet your specific goals and needs. Whether you are a beginner looking to get a solid foundation in the art or an experienced practitioner seeking to fine-tune your techniques, private lessons are a great way to accelerate your progress. Private lessons are also a convenient option for those with busy schedules, as they can be scheduled at a time that works best for you. If you are interested in private Brazilian Jiu Jitsu lessons, please don't hesitate to contact us to learn more.

 Talk With Instructor

 WELCOME TO GRACIE BARRA

 FAMILY FRIENDLY PROGRAMS

 Our academy is a family-friendly environment, where people of all ages can come and train in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu together. We believe that training as a family can be a rewarding and bonding experience, and we encourage families to participate in classes together. Our instructors are skilled in teaching Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to students of all ages and skill levels, and are committed to providing a safe and positive learning environment for everyone. Whether you are a parent looking to train with your child or a group of siblings seeking to train together, our academy is the perfect place for your family to learn and grow together. Come train with us and discover the benefits of training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a family.
 Enrolling in Martial Arts classes at Gracie Barra Jiu Jitsu Academy is an investment in your overall health and well-being. Contact us today to schedule a free trial class.

 # Benefits

 - Building Confidence and Self-Esteem - Developing Respect and Discipline - Improves physical fitness and conditioning
 - Increases self-defense skills - Develops mental discipline and focus - Provides stress relief - Builds social connections and friendships

 Call Now

 UNLIMITED BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU CLASSES

 Get Started

 Carlos Gracie Jr.

 "Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone, young and old, fit and not so fit. It is a martial art that can be practiced by people of all sizes and abilities."

 Call Us To Schedule

 GETTING STARTED IS EASY..

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO-CLASS

 No Hidden Fees

 Try Your Free Introduction Class

 Gracie Barra Certified Instructor

 All Levels Welcome

 Call Now

 FREE TRIAL

 No Hidden Fees

 No Obligations

 Set Your Personal Goals

 Create Your Custom Fitness Routine

 Schedule Class

 BEGIN TRAINING

 Unlimited Classes

 World Class Jiu-Jitsu Instruction

 Build Self-Discipline

 Gain Relationships That Last

 Improve Your Physique

 Sign Up Now

 INSTRUCTORS

 Certified Gracie Barra instructors have been trained in the methods outlined by our founder, Master Carlos Gracie Jr. himself.

 ## Professor Fabio Villela

 4th Degree Black Belt

 A revered figure in the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Professor Fabio Villela stands as a symbol of dedication, skill, and wisdom in martial arts. Holding the distinguished rank of a 4th-degree black belt, his expertise in BJJ is nothing short of exceptional.
 As a dedicated student under the great Red and Black Belt Masters Carlos Gracie Jr., Professor Marcio Feitosa, and Vinicius “Draculino”, he has been influenced and molded by some of the most respected names in the sport. These legendary mentors have shaped his unique approach, infusing him with a blend of traditional wisdom and innovative techniques.
 Gracie Barra certified, Professor Villela embodies the rich heritage and principles of one of the most prestigious BJJ schools in the world. His commitment to excellence is not confined to personal achievement; it extends to nurturing the next generation of fighters, emphasizing integrity, respect, and the relentless pursuit of greatness.
 Whether you're a beginner seeking to learn the foundational principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or an experienced practitioner looking to refine your techniques, training under Professor Villela provides a rare opportunity to learn from one of the sport's most accomplished figures. His deep understanding of the art, coupled with an approachable and compassionate teaching style, makes him a beloved and respected figure in the martial arts community.
 Join us at our school and become part of the legacy that Professor Fabio Villela continues to build. Embrace the journey of self-discovery, empowerment, and mastery under his expert guidance, and become part of a tradition that transcends the mats. Your path to greatness begins here.

 # Follow Us on Facebook

 Follow us

 Testimonials

 People Love Us

 As a retired law-enforcement officer and disabled veteran, it’s hard for me to find training that I enjoy and a sense of community that reminds me of my brothers and sisters in law enforcement and the military. That said, Gracie Barra Round Rock/Cedar Park has filled the void I’ve been searching for in training and community. The students are enthusiastic and the instructors, respectful.
 My two sons also train here. The schools anti-bullying curriculum and self-defense lessons are going to be invaluable to them as they grow.

 Dr. Richard O. S. Jr.

 This school is welcoming and encouraging. The students. The professors. Everyone wants to help you get better. Higher ranks teach you while you're on the mat with them. Professors work with you individually. It's a great environment. Obrigado Professors Andre, Davidson and Silva for getting me started. I hope to train with you again one day.

 Steven H.

 I've been a part of this gym for 3 years, and my family and I have found an extended family at Gracie Barra. The owner, professors, coaches, and fellow members are amazing people, and we've bonded with them through exciting competitions all over the country. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has changed our lives in many positive ways! The only minor downside is the difficulty in finding restaurants that can accommodate our large group after competitions, leading to long waits. However, this doesn't dampen our excitement and satisfaction with the gym. To those who criticize, I invite you to join a class and see the positive impact of what Gracie students do.

 Keith W.

 I've been training under Professor Andre now for about 6 months after moving from another school. The professor and the other students have been nothing but welcoming.
 I'm a bit older than most students and while there is certainly encouragement to give it your all, there's also acceptance of the limits of each individual.

 Tim D.

 My daughter and I have been practice here for over 2 years and we love it. Professor Ricardo and Coach Alex are amazing with the kids and very knowledgeable. I’ve practice judo since o was 6 years old and when I was looking for a place for my daughter I met professor Ricardo and felt very comfortable right away with is professionalism and knowledge. Love the very friendly atmosphere ❤️

 Olivia J.

 What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. It emphasizes leverage, technique, and strategy to overcome opponents of various sizes and strengths.

 Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu suitable for beginners?

 Absolutely! Gracie Barra welcomes students of all skill levels, including beginners. Our classes are designed to cater to individuals with no prior experience in BJJ. Our instructors provide comprehensive instruction and support to help beginners learn and progress at their own pace.

 #### Do I need to be physically fit to start Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 No, you do not need to be in peak physical condition to begin training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. BJJ itself is a great way to improve your fitness level. Our classes are structured to accommodate different fitness levels, and our instructors will help you gradually develop strength, endurance, and flexibility.

 #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and how is it different from other martial arts?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art focusing on ground fighting and submission techniques. Unlike some martial arts that emphasize striking, BJJ teaches how to control opponents through positioning, leverage, and joint locks. It's often referred to as the "gentle art," as it enables a smaller person to overcome larger opponents through technique.

 #### Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu suitable for women and children?

 Yes, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is suitable for everyone. We offer separate classes for women, children, and mixed adults, each tailored to the needs and comfort levels of the students. BJJ emphasizes technique over brute strength, making it accessible to all.

 #### What should I wear to my first class, and what equipment do I need?

 For your first class, you can wear comfortable athletic clothing. If you decide to continue training, we recommend investing in a BJJ gi (uniform). Our gym also has gis available for purchase. Other than that, just bring a water bottle and a positive attitude!

 #### How often should I train to see improvement?

 Progress in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu varies for each individual, but attending 2-3 classes per week is generally a good starting point. Consistency and regular practice will lead to steady improvement.

 #### Do you offer private lessons or specialized training?

 Yes, we offer private lessons for those looking for one-on-one attention, as well as specialized training for competitions or specific skill development. Speak to our instructors to tailor a program that fits your needs.

 #### How can I sign up?

 Signing up is easy! You can visit our gym in person, call us, or sign up through our website.

 ### No blogs found

 Call Now
 Get In Touch

 Email: team@gbroundrock.co

 Address :
 105 E Old Settlers ste:108, 105 E Old Settlers Blvd, Round Rock, TX 78664

 Business Hours
 Mon-Wed - 8am - 10pm
 Tue-Thur - 11:30am - 10pm
 Fri - 11:30am - 1pm
 Sat - 9am - 11:30am
 Sun - CLOSED

 Phone Number:
 (512) 287-9823

 Location:
 105 E Old Settlers ste:108, 105 E Old Settlers Blvd, Round Rock, TX 78664

 Call :
 (512) 287-9823

 Email: team@gbroundrock.co

 Privacy Policy
