---
source_url: https://gallatinjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://gallatinjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:03.413Z
---

# World Class Jiu Jitsu In Gallatin TN

 ## Checkmat Gallatin

 (615) 527-7642

 Get a Free Trial

 ## Take a Virtual Tour Of Checkmat Gallatin

 Checkmat Gallatin focuses on family fun for all our adults and kids with high level precise training in Jiu Jitsu, Grappling, and Wrestling. Regardless where you are in your fitness level everyone has a place here at Checkmat Gallatin. You will grow at your pace along side a great crew of practitioners under the instruction of Checkmat Gallatin black belt Professor Sebastian Rodriguez. All our students are encouraged to train with Respect, Commitment, Discipline, Consistency and Humility for themselves and their teammates as is the Checkmat BJJ way, Together As One!

 ## GALLATIN'S PREMIER JIU JITSU AND NO GI GRAPPLING TRAINING FACILITY

 ## Checkmat Gallatin Classes

 ### KIDS Jiu Jitsu

 Confidence, Teamwork, Friendship, Fitness and becoming Bully Proof

 Try This Class Free

 ### Jiu JItsu

 Tradition, Sport, Self Defense, Confidence, Camaraderie, Teamwork and Fitness

 Try This Class Free

 ### Grappling

 Wrestling, Catch Wrestling, Submission, Self Defense and Fitness

 Try This Class Free

 Meet Our INstructors

 Professor Sebastian Rodriguez

 (Head Black Belt) Jiu Jitsu,
 Grappling

 Learn About Sebastian

 ## Benefits Of Training Martial Arts

 #### Healthy Lifestyle Jiu Jitsu is a great way to exercise. It is different and challenging in its own unique way. You'll improve your conditioning and overall health regardless your age while having fun all at the same time.

 #### Stress Relief People who have a stressful life style need a healthy constructive outlet. Jiu Jitsu is a great option to deal with the stress of life. We call it a Positive Stress which helps you find balance mentally, emotionally and physically no matter if you're male or female.

 ## Energy Levels Like any form of training Jiu Jitsu will be difficult at first but as you continue your training you will begin to feel better and with much more energy. The increase in energy will not just improve in your training but also in your daily life. Positive energy IN will in turn create positive energy OUT. Lets create GOOD energy!

 #### Self Defense When properly training Jiu Jitsu, you will develop a skill set that will help you protect yourself or those you love in a tough situation but remember that an honorable martial artist will always try to diffuse a bad situation first with calm words before his or her fist.

 #### Family Community In the world of martial arts you do not just learn how to fight but also learn a sense of community with your teachers, fellow practitioners and teammates. In Jiu Jitsu, you will build that community to develop friendships and come together as a family.

 #### Patience & Humility In Jiu Jitsu like any discipline, you will develop patience and humility. Patience is required to properly learn the art and retain it. To accomplish patience you must have humility. You must approach your discipline of choice with an open mind and calm heart. Patience and humility is important not just in training but in life.

 #### Respect In life like in martial arts you must have respect. Respect for yourself, your teammates, your training ground and your teacher. Respect is the foundation to growth in any and every aspect of your life.

 Testimonials From Our Members

 - - - - -

 Jerry Crofford     

 My son and I have been training Jiu Jitsu with Sebastian at Checkmat Gallatin for a little over a month now. We are loving the gym. Good training, good challenges. Good and growing camaraderie amongst all. The gym is clean and there is plenty of room for all. Sebastian, The head Jiu-Jitsu coach, is very knowledgeable in techniques and mechanics. It is really amazing to see the changes he has made for my teenage son in such a short time. He’s already fitter, more confident, and always enthusiastic about our training time. I absolutely recommend you come and give Checkmat Gallatin a try. The Jiu Jitsu, the art, the challenge, the coach, and the friends, are all top notch there.

 Marcus Kramer     

 Checkmat Gallatin is a gym that our community is lucky to have. It’s only a matter of time before the secret gets out about this place. For what you get for the price of membership is a bargain, especially the family pricing. I’ve been to gyms where you pay less but you shorted on training or you have to pay more to add features. Here you know what your getting for the price with hardly any limits. Sebastian is a great instructor who can break techniques down for beginners and help them become comfortable very quickly but is great with those who are more advanced too. I encourage anyone to take advantage of their 1 week free trial and see why this place is getting nothing but 5 Stars.

 Alex Aguirre     

 I have had the pleasure and train and compete alongside with Coach Sebastian under Checkmat at World class tournaments. He helped me prepare for a lot of tournaments that led me to win medals on these world stages. Thankful and grateful to have him as a training partner. Now as a I got my black belt, I am happy to see that he is sharing his knowledge, experience and passion for the sport with other out there in Gallatin. I would not have reached this milestone without his help. I hope to stop in on my visit and see how he is helping people transform their lives. Congratulations on your new school and wishing you and those who come under you a huge welcome to the Checkmat Family! Osss

 ### Our Checkmat Gallatin Family

 Get a Free Trial

 "Train up a child in the way he should go
 even when he is old he will not depart from it"

 Proverbs 22:6

 Check Us Out On INstagram

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 Get A FREE 7 Day Pass

 Name
 Email
 Phone
 Get My Free Seven Day Pass!
