---
source_url: http://www.ignitemmakc.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
final_url: https://ignitemmakc.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:16.201Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes In Kansas City ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Take On The Best Ground Grappling In Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are you looking for a better way to train? Then you've come to the right place. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes at Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy can help you challenge your body and your mind like never before.
 This ground-based self-defense system teaches you how to use leverage to overcome a stronger opponent and we're proud to help everyday men and women learn the skill one step at a time.
 Take on the best BJJ training in Kansas City and get more from every workout!
 #### Why Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Right For You? Did you know that a majority of real-world altercations end up on the ground? Even if you're not interested in competing at the highest levels, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes can equip you with vital self-defense skills for any situation.
 We are proud to offer 11 different sessions each week and we go above and beyond to make our training accessible to all experience levels.
 At Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy, you can learn:
 - Effective throws and takedowns - Leverage and strategy for the ground - Timing and techniques to maintain control - Effective submission strategies that can keep you safe
 #### PLUS, You'll Challenge Your Body Like Never Before What's the problem with most fitness routines out there? You get bored and tired of doing the same thing over and over.
 That's where we come in.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes vary week to week, challenging you with new skills and movements. You'll be so focused on perfecting every aspect of the sport that you won't even realize how hard you're working.
 In no time, you can take on:
 - Lean, toned muscle gains - Boosted speed, strength, and agility - Sustainable fat burn and healthy weight loss - A well-rounded athleticism
 #### Take On The Challenge Today! Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Great For Everyone In Kansas City Whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced fighter, we're proud to help you improve each and every day. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Kansas City are a great way to build confidence, improve your fitness level, and stay prepared for any real-world altercation.
 Learn more about everything we have to offer at Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy by simply filling out the short form on your screen now!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Kansas City's Home For Jiu-Jitsu & MMA Request information

 I walked into Glory MMA over a year ago and my experience has been amazing. I started off just doing the GloryFit classes, they are amazing cardio classes taught by amazing coaches. Each coach has a different style so no two classes are ever the same. The coaches work with you to keep you up to speed but also challenge you every class. It’s a great atmosphere and definitely a great value.

 Awesome awesome first experience with the place. People were cool, nice and open, very laid back but still professional and organized. I will be taking classes for sure. Very cool experience to say the least! I’m addicted!

 I can’t recommend Glory MMA enough. After trying multiple gyms in Kansas City I found my home at Glory. The level of instruction is first class from BJJ and MMA to the fitness programs. Also I can’t say enough about the staff, their desire to see their students improve is amazing. Once you walk in to the building and are met with the energy of Brian Harris you know it will be a gym for you.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
