---
source_url: http://www.ignitemmakc.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://ignitemmakc.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:17.059Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts Classes In Kansas City ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Give Your Child The Best Chance To Stay Active And Build Confidence In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes At Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy we're committed to keeping our young students active and engaged with Kids Martial Arts Classes that are actually enjoyable. Our kid's program is always changing to keep students on their toes but we offer scalable workouts that are great for all experience levels.
 Join us in Kansas City and treat your child to the best foundation of physical, mental, and social skills for all aspects of life.
 Our kid's classes include instruction in both Mixed Martial Arts and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with separate classes for ages 4-7, 8-10, and 11-14.
 #### What Makes Our Kids Martial Arts Program Different From The Rest? We know that today's students have trouble staying active in their daily lives. With so many distractions and indoor activities, it's tough to generate interest in anything else.
 That's why our team at Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy has designed two unique programs that challenge kids of all ages and keep them motivated week after week.
 Our Kids Martial Arts program in Kansas City includes:
 Mixed Martial Arts: A total-body training program, this sport has swept the world with popularity and now we're offering a safe and exciting way for your child to learn. We combine the best of both stand-up striking and ground-based self-defense to offer a truly comprehensive program. Your child can take on:
 - Balance and coordination - Speed and strength - Well-rounded athleticism
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu : Or treat your child to the art of ground-based grappling and equip them with self-defense skills for any situation. BJJ teaches students how to use superior technique to overcome a bigger, stronger opponent. This class includes hands-on instruction and professional coaching. Students can take on:
 - Agility and flexibility - Total-body strength - Complete self-confidence
 #### PLUS, Our Kids Martial Arts Program Can Set Your Child Up For Success We know that most of our students won't grow up to be professional fighters. They'll be doctors and lawyers and teachers and first responders. But they'll be prepared to handle any challenge life throws their way, thanks to our training at Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy.
 Our Kids Martial Arts program is built to equip students with skills for all aspects of life, not just physical challenges. We instill in them determination and perseverance and challenge them to overcome anything we throw their way.

 We're helping kids across Kansas City:
 - Build respect and discipline - Establish focus and attention to detail - Take pride in their accomplishments - Learn leadership and teamwork skills
 #### Check It Out Today! Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Are Great For Students All Across Kansas City! Don't miss out! We're changing the way you think about Kids Martial Arts training with exciting MMA and BJJ classes that are great for all ages. Treat your child to an exciting program and a great group of new friends at Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy.

 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about everything we have to offer in Kansas City!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Kansas City's Home For Jiu-Jitsu & MMA Request information

 I walked into Glory MMA over a year ago and my experience has been amazing. I started off just doing the GloryFit classes, they are amazing cardio classes taught by amazing coaches. Each coach has a different style so no two classes are ever the same. The coaches work with you to keep you up to speed but also challenge you every class. It’s a great atmosphere and definitely a great value.

 Awesome awesome first experience with the place. People were cool, nice and open, very laid back but still professional and organized. I will be taking classes for sure. Very cool experience to say the least! I’m addicted!

 I can’t recommend Glory MMA enough. After trying multiple gyms in Kansas City I found my home at Glory. The level of instruction is first class from BJJ and MMA to the fitness programs. Also I can’t say enough about the staff, their desire to see their students improve is amazing. Once you walk in to the building and are met with the energy of Brian Harris you know it will be a gym for you.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
