---
source_url: http://www.ignitemmakc.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://ignitemmakc.com/classes/Mixed-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:17.421Z
---

# Mixed Martial Arts Classes In Kansas City ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Our Mixed Martial Arts Training Offers High-Quality Coaching For Fitness Or Self-Defense Whether you're hoping to prepare for the competition setting or you're just looking for a great workout that keeps you challenged and offers effective self-defense skills, we've got you covered.
 At Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy, our Mixed Martial Arts Classes are helping everyday men and women get in great shape and learn how to strike with speed and power.
 Join us in Kansas City and check it out today! Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 #### What Can You Expect In Our Mixed Martial Arts Classes? At Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy, we offer two distinct Mixed Martial Arts Classes - both great for all experience levels. Our instruction includes hands-on coachin and a dedication to helping you get better every single day.
 Our MMA Classes in Kansas City include:
 Mixed Martial Arts: Your standard MMA training - yet we make it anything but standard. This program is a designed to help you learn the sport one step at a time, combining the best aspects of standup striking, throws and transitions, and ground grappling. Whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced fighter, we'll help you stay challenged and motivated to give it your all. This class can help you learn:
 - Balance and coordination - Speed and agility - Timing and technique
 MMA Striking: This class is all about staying on your feet. We focus on how to deliver clean, crisp strikes with all limbs of your body without leaving yourself open to a counterattack. Perfect for fitness training or honing your craft in the competition setting, this class is a dynamic way to train and see results. After just a few classes, you can enjoy:
 - Powerful punches from any position - Effective techniques for kicks and knee strikes - Speed, strength, and accuracy form any position
 #### From Day One, You Can See Sustainable Results And Feel Great About Your Success Don't struggle through your routine without seeing results. At Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy, our goal is to help you learn every aspect of Mixed Martial Arts. But in the process, you can bet you'll challenge your body like never before.
 Our classes keep you guessing from week to week and help you progress through the system without ever risking the dreaded plateau. We're helping everyday people across Kansas City take on a total-body workout like never before.
 Join us for:
 - Incredible muscle toning and strength gains - Well-rounded athleticism and coordination - Cardiovascular endurance and boosted heart health - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 #### Try It Out Today! Our Mixed Martial Arts Classes Are Great For Everyone In Kansas City! If you're looking for a better way to train, we've got the answer at Ignite Jiu Jitsu and MMA Academy. Check us out in Kansas City and learn every aspect of Mixed Martial Arts alongside an incredible total-body workout.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Kansas City's Home For Jiu-Jitsu & MMA Request information

 I walked into Glory MMA over a year ago and my experience has been amazing. I started off just doing the GloryFit classes, they are amazing cardio classes taught by amazing coaches. Each coach has a different style so no two classes are ever the same. The coaches work with you to keep you up to speed but also challenge you every class. It’s a great atmosphere and definitely a great value.

 Awesome awesome first experience with the place. People were cool, nice and open, very laid back but still professional and organized. I will be taking classes for sure. Very cool experience to say the least! I’m addicted!

 I can’t recommend Glory MMA enough. After trying multiple gyms in Kansas City I found my home at Glory. The level of instruction is first class from BJJ and MMA to the fitness programs. Also I can’t say enough about the staff, their desire to see their students improve is amazing. Once you walk in to the building and are met with the energy of Brian Harris you know it will be a gym for you.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
