---
source_url: http://www.cvbjja.com
final_url: https://www.conejovalleybrazilianjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:05.133Z
---

## ## TRANSFORM
 ## YOUR LIFE
 ## CONEJO VALLEY BJJ

 Learn more
 Learn more

 Conejo Valley BJJ
 ## Your journeystarts here. Whether you're brand new to martial arts or looking to compete, we have a class for you. Join our community and experience world-class BJJ instruction under the Carlson Gracie Team lineage.

 - Adult & Kids BJJ — Gi and No-Gi - Boxing, Muay Thai & Wrestling classes - BJJ Intro Course for complete beginners - Flexible schedule — morning, afternoon & evening

 Get Started
 Sign Up / Schedule a Class View Live Schedule 1 week free trial included

 # WHAT WE DO!

 # INTRO TO BJJ 2026 ! ### First Tuesday and thursday of every month (10 -11am ) and (6-7 pm)

 ### (For information and to register click the image)

 - If you want to be a lion, you must train with the lions! -Carlson Gracie

 ### Located in the heart of Westlake village

 ### Sign Up Now ### for a free trial ! (Fill out the form below and we will get back to you with course details and how to reserve your spot)

 #### Our Mission

 At Conejo Valley Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we aim to provide a community where adults and kids from different backgrounds and with different interests, can come together with the shared ambition of improving their lives through Jiu-Jitsu. We believe that Jiu-Jitsu can and should be for everyone, regardless of personal goals or physical capabilities. We strive to create an environment built on camaraderie, that is welcoming to our students of varying experience and skill levels, and challenging to help foster their growth, confidence, and perseverance. We believe that all the benefits gained from training on our mats, in turn, will strongly translate into improving all aspects of life.
