---
source_url: https://morrismartialartshastings.com/programs/teens-and-adults/
final_url: https://morrismartialartshastings.com/programs/teens-and-adults/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:37.890Z
---

## Teens & Adults # Ages 13+ A fun and effective martial arts training program for men and women ages 13 and older. Our adult programs are a great way to relieve stress, get and stay in shape, and learn valuable self-defense skills at the same time. Our programs blend a great physical workout with practical real life self-defense techniques, and are ideal for both men and women!

 ### Morris Martial Arts Teens & Adults Program
 #### ACHIEVE YOUR GOALS Individual attention is a feature of each and every class, allowing all of our students to progress quickly and confidently toward their personal goals. Our instructors take their responsibility seriously, teaching the importance of strong character, leadership, and good values. Adults of all shapes, sizes, and ages come to us, and through perseverance, achieve their goals. Whether you’re interested in fitness, self-defense, or just wanting to have some fun, we are here to help you! We train our students to the best of their ability, all that is expected of you is your willingness to try.

 #### PROTECT YOUR LOVED ONES Once you’ve acquired a strong foundation in the basics, our program will enhance your physical capabilities and maximize you self-defense skills. You will understand exactly what it takes, mentally and physically, to defend yourself and your loved ones should the need ever arise.
 #### GET IN SHAPE All the experts agree: exercise relieves stress, improves sleep, and builds confidence, too. You’ve probably already heard that a good workout releases endorphins, natural chemicals in the brain that make you feel good. Regular exercise builds muscle mass which increases metabolism, thus helping to control weight gain. Moderate regular exercise also maintains flexibility and range of motion, factors that are really important to “quality of life” as we grown older.

 #### INCREASE YOUR PRODUCTIVITY AND FOCUS ATA offers what we believe is the best martial art in the world. Taekwondo is an exciting and powerful martial art from Korea known for its dynamic kicking and hand techniques. Although these martial art techniques are centuries old, our programs are always evolving to keep pace with the rapidly changing world. We are not interested in just teaching self-defense, we are interested in the complete personal development of each student. You’ll find Songahm taekwondo so much more than just exercise. Your adult class will be personally rewarding and fun because you are learning a martial art. We often talk about how focus and self-discipline help kids, but let’s not ignore that better focus and discipline can increase productivity at work, help you become more organized, and stick to priorities. More confidence can help you make better presentations and even ask for that raise! As an adult you divide your time between family and work. You might be like many adults who also find time for service projects and continuing education. A Songahm taekwondo class is something you do for yourself to recharge your soul.

 #### Try A Class for Free!
