---
source_url: https://morrismartialartshastings.com
final_url: https://morrismartialartshastings.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:39.155Z
---

### Start Today and ## Change Your Life Here at Morris Martial Arts we believe that Taekwondo is the missing piece in every person’s life – no matter their age, athletic experience, or personal background. But this art form goes beyond kicks and punches. Taekwondo strengthens the mind and spirit as well as the body. At Morris Martial Arts we will help you master your roundhouse kick AND teach you values of respect, perseverance, and confidence. We are committed to helping each and every student reach their fullest potential. Get started today!
 Most Competitive Club in the United States!

 ## Features ATA stands for Always Take Action (formerly American Taekwondo Association).
 The ATA is the premier worldwide organization dedicated to the martial arts discipline of taekwondo, and is the founding organization of other international affiliates that include the World Traditional Taekwondo Union (WTTU) and the Songahm Taekwondo Federation (STF). Counting both the U.S. and worldwide, our organizations have over 1,500 independently owned and operated licensed schools and clubs, and have registered over one million students since the ATA’s inception in 1969.

 - - Dependable The Country's largest martial arts organization. - Social 130,000 active members and over 1 million students trained since 1969. - Qualified Each instructor has passed an intensive certification process based on 40 years of tradition, research and development.

 #### ### ATA Tigers ATA Tigers is a unique program for children ages 3-6.
 Learn More

 #### ### Karate for Kids The Karate Kid program is designed for children ages 7 to 12.
 Learn More

 #### ### Teen's and Adults Adults and Teens train to the best of their ability.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - Mr. Morris & Mrs. Morris are an excellent team of professionals. They teach discipline & martial art skills in a family friendly environment. Corrie Kropelnicki Student & Parent - Mr. and Mrs. Morris are amazing and my son is thriving. He's gone further here than he did for over a year at our other facility. Totally would recommend it to anyone. Jennifer Slunaker Parent - Sam and Dorothy are such great instructors. Really happy with our time here and would highly recommend to others. Kara Martinson Gerdes Parent - They teach great life skills! This is a phenomenal experience for kids and families. Mr. & Mrs. Morris are amazing at what they do and great to work with. Ken Hoops Student & Parent - Great class! Teacher does a great job with the kids. Jon Kapping Parent - My son has changed a lot (for the better) since taking classes at Morris Martial Arts and I highly recommend them to anyone who's considering enrolling their child or themselves. Tyler Kenyon Parent

 #### ### ATA Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further!
 If you’re looking to change your life, look no further!
 Read More

 #### ### Kids Virtual Training Whether it’s your living room or your school gym, you can turn any space into your own personal dojo!
 Whether it’s your living room or your school gym, you can turn any space into your own personal dojo!
 Read More

 #### ### Try A Class for Free! Free Semi Private Lesson. No Commitments! No Payment Required! Includes Buddy Guest Pass.
 Free Semi Private Lesson. No Commitments! No Payment Required! Includes Buddy Guest Pass.
 Read More
