---
source_url: https://unityjiujitsu.com/what-is-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://unityjiujitsu.com/what-is-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:58.222Z
---

# What Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? An ever-evolving, practical form of self-defense. A game of human chess, that is both intellectually simulating and great exercise. A fight, a sport, a competitive career. An art, uniquely created by the individual practicing it. A community, bringing people together from all walks of life, around a common desire to always be overcoming, always be growing, always be living healthily, positively, and respectfully.
 ### The Able Approach We follow the Able Approach when teaching Jiu Jitsu. It is a teaching method and philosophy of Jiu Jitsu, which operates under the belief that all people are deserving of respect; that if you treat them with respect they will learn to respect themselves and others; and that they are capable of the creativity, innovation, and problem-solving that is essential to learning jiu jitsu.
 Starting with the Framework, which outlines a person’s objectives from every area of a Jiu Jitsu fight, the Able Approach focuses on teaching a complete and overall understanding of how Jiu Jitsu works, allowing students the freedom to then creatively develop their own style, and take charge of their own training, ensuring that every class is as efficient and productive for each individual as possible. The Able Approach supports Jiu Jitsu students in learning at their own pace, in their own unique ways, believing that this is the most productive way to learn. It also encourages creativity at a very early stage, by focusing on how much adapting and modifying is required for each Jiu Jitsu practitioner to create their own art in Jiu Jitsu.
 With every person being a unique individual, and Jiu Jitsu being an art form – as well as a fight, and a sport – no two people’s Jiu Jitsu will be alike. Your Jiu Jitsu art is an expression of you. It takes into account your body type, your personality, your strengths, weaknesses, insecurities, experiences, everything you learn from training partners, instructors, youtube, and life, and it is a constantly evolving, unique and personal style of fight. The Able Approach is designed for the exact purpose of starting to develop this style at the earliest stages possible.
