---
source_url: http://lubbockjiujitsuacademy.com
final_url: https://www.lubbockjiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.778Z
---

# The Pure Art of Jiu-Jitsu

 Learn more
 Learn more

 Contact Us
 Contact Us

 ## Our Classes

 ### Evening Classes

 No matter your experience level, from total beginner to seasoned competitor, Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy welcomes you. Our classes focus on mastering techniques with plenty of mat time to practice and spar . Each session includes detailed jiu jitsu instruction and intense live rolling , making it perfect for anyone looking to improve their martial arts skills in Lubbock, TX .

 ### Saturday Open Mat

 Looking to sharpen your jiu jitsu techniques ? Our 2-hour open mat is a great opportunity to roll with partners of all levels. Join us at Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy for high-level sparring and grappling practice in a relaxed, focused environment. Perfect for those training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , submission grappling , or mixed martial arts in Lubbock .

 ### Free Trial

 Curious about Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or already have experience and want to see how we train? Come take a free class at Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy — no strings attached. No membership required. Just show up, learn some martial arts , and get a feel for our community. It’s the perfect way to start your jiu jitsu journey in Lubbock, TX .

 ### Adopt A Cop BJJ

 Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy is proud to be an affiliate gym of the Adopt A Cop BJJ program. We offer free Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training for law enforcement officers in Lubbock until they earn their Blue Belt. This initiative supports our community and promotes effective, controlled self-defense techniques for those who protect and serve.

 Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy follows the Jiu-Jitsu Belt System

 ### No Experience? No Problem - Everyone is Welcome!

 Welcome to Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy , your home for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , Muay Thai , and Boxing in Lubbock, TX . No experience needed—our expert instructors create a welcoming, challenging environment for all levels to master self-defense, fitness, or MMA skills. We focus on high-quality techniques and live sparring in BJJ , Muay Thai , and Boxing , with personalized feedback to help you grow. Enjoy flexible morning and evening classes, plus Saturday open mat sessions, at our Lubbock, Texas academy.
 Join our supportive community today! Contact us for a free trial and experience elite-level martial arts training in Lubbock, TX .

 Claim your free class
 Claim your free class

 ### Lubbock Jiu-Jitsu Academy’s Adopt A Cop featured on KAMC News

 #### Free Jiu Jitsu Training for Police Officers in Lubbock, TX – Adopt A Cop Program

 Through the Adopt A Cop BJJ program, law enforcement officers in Lubbock can receive free Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training at Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy (formerly West Texas Jiu-Jitsu Academy) all the way to Blue Belt. This nationwide initiative helps officers build real-world self-defense skills through martial arts and grappling , with a focus on safety, control, and community engagement.
 Gym owner Roger Del Campo is proud to support this growing program and is committed to giving back to the Lubbock community by helping police officers gain essential, hands-on training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and mixed martial arts .

 ### No equipment? No worries! Get your Lubbock Jiu Jitsu Academy gear at our store!

 Click Here
 Click Here

 ### Contact Us

 Interested in a free trial? Fill out some basic info and secure yours today!
