---
source_url: http://www.mastershin.com
final_url: https://www.mastershin.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:47.191Z
---

# Master Shin's World Class Martial Arts Intro Special $79/Two Weeks with Free Uniform. New Student Only
 #### TRAINING WITH A WORLD CLASS ​
 Book Now

 Training
 IMG_2285

 20170406_200241

 1/4

 #### Adults
 #### Child

 About
 ## Master Shin
 Grand Master Shin is one of the leading instructors in the world. He is a former national champion. Grand Master Shin continues to be highly involved in the operation of his school. He personally developed the curriculum taught in our school and designed it to be a balance of traditional martial arts and practical self-defense (MMA), and Olympic style sparring skills. Grand Master Shin's philosophy is that Martial Arts is about self-improvement as well as self-defense. This is evident in our teaching methods. Our instructors focus on teaching "like skills" just as much as physical techniques. We help students of all level to gain increased focus, confidence, and determination that they can apply to all areas of their life. we are the largest Martial Arts provider in the area and has been serving local families for over 20 years

 - - -

 Winnings
 ## WINNINGS
 ## 50
 Over 50 years of experience of Martial Arts

 ## 40
 Over 40 years of teaching Martial Arts.

 ## 4
 Produced 4 National TKD Champions and countless regional champions.

 ## 1
 1 TIME
 National Champion.

 #### START TRAINING TODAY
 Book a Session

 press to zoom

 20181221_181537

 press to zoom

 20180505_141216

 press to zoom

 20180505_093627

 press to zoom

 20181111_160103

 press to zoom

 press to zoom

 1/2

 The Studio
 ## THE STUDIO
 Over 3000 SQF of the training area. waiting rooms. changing rooms.

 #### ADDRESS
 200 Andover St
 Andover MA 01810

 #### HOURS
 MONDAY - FRIDAY
 9:30AM - 8:00PM
 Saturday
 8:30 - 12:00
