---
source_url: https://www.silvaacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://silvaacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:32.989Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Lewisville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Interested in Kids Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Womens Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Competition BJJ Wrestling Judo Aikibudo Sambo
 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Help Your Child Build Confidence And Strength In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Prepare your child for any challenge life throws their way with our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Lewisville. Focusing specifically on the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, these traditional Gi classes build students of all ages up through positive reinforcement and exciting classes that are always changing.
 At Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we are committed to helping children of all backgrounds and abilities learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do.
 Get more information now!

 #### Your Child Can Master Every Aspect Of BJJ In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches students to overcome an opponent's size and strength by establishing superior technique and leverage.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Lewisville will teach your child all the basics of BJJ in a safe and secure environment, helping them progress through the system with a series of accomplishments and celebrations.
 Your child will quickly learn how to face down a bully with effective conflict resolution strategies - avoiding physical interactions at all costs. But when it's unavoidable, your child will also be prepared to defend themselves and their friends.
 ##### In our exciting Kids Martial Arts classes, we help children build: - Strength and coordination - Improved athleticism - Speed, agility, and flexibility - Complete confidence in themselves and their skillset
 #### PLUS Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Lewisville Offer Life Skills That Will Serve Your Child For Years To Come Whether your child goes on to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a professional athlete, they'll need a core set of character traits to serve them along the way. At Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we're making those skills easier and more exciting to learn than ever.
 Our Kids Martial Arts instructors are dedicated to making each and every class fun, keeping our students motivated from start to finish. And with the help of fundamental BJJ instruction, we help children take pride in the learning process and find the strategies that work best for them.
 ##### In no time, your child can develop: - Respect for others - Communication and teamwork skills - Focus and attention to detail - Perseverance and determination - And an unwavering sense of accomplishment
 #### Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Gi Jiu-Jitsu:
 Gi Jiu-Jitsu for kids is a fun and structured martial art that teaches self-defense, discipline, and confidence through grappling techniques while wearing a traditional uniform (gi). Classes focus on skill development, teamwork, and problem-solving in a safe and supportive environment.
 No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu:
 No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu for kids builds confidence and coordination through grappling-based training without the traditional uniform. With a focus on agility, technique, and practical self-defense, this fast-paced class helps young students develop discipline and problem-solving skills in a fun and supportive setting.
 Competition Team:
 The kids' competition team is designed for young athletes who want to take their Jiu-Jitsu training to the next level and test their skills in tournaments. With focused coaching, advanced techniques, and a strong team environment, students build confidence, resilience, and a champion mindset.
 #### Get Started Today Or Learn More About The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Lewisville Don't let your child struggle to find their footing. At Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we are here to help students of all ages and abilities take pride in what they do and develop vital self-defense skill along the way. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes are helping young students develop all the tools they need to succeed. Your child could be next.
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes, all you have to do is fill out the short form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Providing Exceptional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training Request information

 I've been a student at the Silva Academy for over three years, and it's been an incredible journey. Not only have I mastered new techniques in jiu jitsu, but I've also found a second family. The thrill of traveling the world to compete, the excitement of attending team events like the movie premiere for The Karate Kid, and the joy of bonding over team BBQs have all been unforgettable experiences. Each moment has been a testament to the camaraderie and spirit of the Silva Academy. I'm truly grateful to have found such a supportive and inspiring community.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
