---
source_url: https://www.silvaacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://silvaacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.252Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Lewisville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Interested in Kids Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Womens Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Competition BJJ Wrestling Judo Aikibudo Sambo
 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Lewisville Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu right here in Lewisville! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu-Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Lewisville will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes Gi Jiu-Jitsu:
 Gi Jiu-Jitsu for adults is a grappling-based martial art that emphasizes technique, leverage, and control, allowing practitioners to defend themselves against larger opponents. Training in the gi enhances grip fighting, positional strategy, and submission skills, making it an effective and dynamic form of self-defense and fitness.
 No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu:
 No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu is a fast-paced grappling style that focuses on clinching, body control, and submissions without the use of a traditional uniform. With an emphasis on fluid movement and adaptability, this discipline sharpens reflexes and enhances real-world self-defense skills.
 Competition Team:
 The competition team is designed for dedicated athletes who want to test their skills in high-level Jiu-Jitsu tournaments. With focused training, strategy development, and intense conditioning, team members push their limits to excel on the competition stage.
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Providing Exceptional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training Request information

 I've been a student at the Silva Academy for over three years, and it's been an incredible journey. Not only have I mastered new techniques in jiu jitsu, but I've also found a second family. The thrill of traveling the world to compete, the excitement of attending team events like the movie premiere for The Karate Kid, and the joy of bonding over team BBQs have all been unforgettable experiences. Each moment has been a testament to the camaraderie and spirit of the Silva Academy. I'm truly grateful to have found such a supportive and inspiring community.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
