---
source_url: https://www.silvaacademy.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://silvaacademy.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.498Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Self-Defense in Lewisville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Interested in Kids Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Womens Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Competition BJJ Wrestling Judo Aikibudo Sambo
 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Self-Defense Classes At Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we get it. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a close-combat style that can be uncomfortable in mixed company or if you're just getting started.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across Lewisville, Coppell and beyond a chance to train with confidence in our Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Women's Self-Defense Classes. Build your skills one step at a time a get in a great workout that will help you see incredible results.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get more information now!

 #### What's Include in our Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Women's Self-Defense Class? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know.
 Our Women's BJJ and Women's Self-Defense classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 ##### Join us in Lewisville and learn: - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position
 #### And Unlike at your Big Box Gym, Our Workouts are Never Dull and Boring Think about it. At most gyms, you do the same thing over and over. Maybe you rotate three workouts each week. Maybe you just waste away on the treadmill.
 Either way, you're not challenging your body and you're certainly not keeping your mind motivated.
 But with our Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Women's Self-Defense Classes, no two workouts are the same. Each week, we're challenging you with a new skill or situation. And you're constantly pushing yourself to be faster, stronger, and more efficient than you were last class.
 At Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, you can work harder than ever before without even realizing how much your body is getting out of each class.
 ##### In no time, you'll enjoy: - Sustainable fat burn and improved heart health - Lean muscle gains and total-body strength - Improved speed, mobility, and athleticism - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 #### Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Women's Self-Defense Classes Have Something for Everyone in Lewisville and Coppell! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Women's Self-Defense Classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across Lewisville and Coppell.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get more information now!

 ## Providing Exceptional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training Request information

 I've been a student at the Silva Academy for over three years, and it's been an incredible journey. Not only have I mastered new techniques in jiu jitsu, but I've also found a second family. The thrill of traveling the world to compete, the excitement of attending team events like the movie premiere for The Karate Kid, and the joy of bonding over team BBQs have all been unforgettable experiences. Each moment has been a testament to the camaraderie and spirit of the Silva Academy. I'm truly grateful to have found such a supportive and inspiring community.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
