---
source_url: https://www.silvaacademy.com/classes/Competition-BJJ
final_url: https://silvaacademy.com/classes/Competition-BJJ
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:33.822Z
---

# Competition BJJ in Lewisville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Interested in Kids Martial Arts Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Womens Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Competition BJJ Wrestling Judo Aikibudo Sambo
 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is helping the Lewisville community become champions! When you're trying to be the best, you deserve the best training. Here at Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we're helping people from Lewisville, Coppell, and Flower Mound reach their goals!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 #### Preparing You For Competition through Jiu-Jitsu At Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we provide the best instruction available. We're here to help you improve your takedowns, grips, and leverage techniques so that you always come out on top . We're here to help guide you, while helping with:
 - attention to your improvement in all areas - coaches who genuinely want to see you succeed - creating a great team building environment - professional instruction in learning new techniques and moves
 #### To Take Your Abilities To The Next Level, Join Us at Silva Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu We know we can help prepare our students for anything that may be thrown their way during competitions . Whether you're in Lewisville, Coppell, Flower Mound, or anywhere in between, join us today to learn what it takes to reach the top!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Providing Exceptional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training Request information

 I've been a student at the Silva Academy for over three years, and it's been an incredible journey. Not only have I mastered new techniques in jiu jitsu, but I've also found a second family. The thrill of traveling the world to compete, the excitement of attending team events like the movie premiere for The Karate Kid, and the joy of bonding over team BBQs have all been unforgettable experiences. Each moment has been a testament to the camaraderie and spirit of the Silva Academy. I'm truly grateful to have found such a supportive and inspiring community.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
