---
source_url: https://thearenagym.com/blog/jiujitsu/meet-adam-bradley-the-arenas-new-jiu-jitsu-coach/
final_url: https://thearenagym.com/blog/jiujitsu/meet-adam-bradley-the-arenas-new-jiu-jitsu-coach/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:30.228Z
---

30 DAYS FREE

 ## In The Arena Blog

 - Home - Blog

 # Meet Adam Bradley – The Arena’s New Jiu Jitsu Coach

 Get 30 Days Free At The Arena Gym in San Diego

 Get It Now

 Meet your new Jiu Jitsu Coach, Adam Bradley! Adam is not only a top level competition but a great instructor really focused on building strong fundamentals to beginners as well as giving competitors the high level techniques they need to succeed at the highest level!
 VIDEO TRANSCRIPT:
 Adam Bradley:
 My name’s Adam Bradley. I’m a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt, and I’ve been training for over 12 years. I started training when I was 14 and moved out to San Diego at 19 before training at Atos Jiu-Jitsu for the last seven years and as an instructor the last four.
 I’ve been training and competing full-time for about 10 years now. And since then, I’ve won tournaments such as No-Gi Worlds, No-Gi Pans. I’m a fourth-time American National Champion, Abu Dhabi Grand Slam Champion. I’m very excited to be working here at The Arena. I’m taking over as the head jiu-jitsu instructor.
 So with the fundamentals class, I plan on introducing the building blocks of jiu-jitsu. Everything you need, from mat etiquette, to then learning how to do proper warmups, a little bit of self-defense-oriented things as well. And then, overall, just getting down the basics of having a good, strong foundation in jiu-jitsu before we introduce them to the more advanced classes where they can then expand their game and learn more advanced techniques with the other students.
 So I’m super pumped to be working with you guys here at The Arena. Come by and train, check out some classes, and see what we have to offer.

 About The Arena

 The Arena is the largest gym in North America for Combat Sports and Martial Arts instruction.

 Our Address

 The Arena | The Boxing, Jiu Jitsu, MMA & Muay Thai Gym in San Diego.
 3350 Sports Arena Blvd.
 San Diego, CA 92110 USA

 Our Programs

 - Boxing - Fight Camps - Filipino Martial Arts | Kali - Grappling - Jiu Jitsu - Judo - Kickboxing - MMA - Muay Thai - Personal Training - Strength & Conditioning - Wrestling

 More Info

 - Blog - Coaches - Compete - Contact - Facility - Fight Shop - Get App - Jobs - Our Story - Schedule - Success Stories - Video

 Get Your First 30 Days Free

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Get It Now

 Youtube Instagram

 © The Arena 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Site Map | Privacy Policy
