---
source_url: https://camalandcruz.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://camalandcruz.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:05.124Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Totowa ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Totowa Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Totowa! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Totowa will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will:
 - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Maximize Your Strength Request information

 Hey Everyone, come learn Jiu Jitsu , Judo from Jamie Cruz, Tony Camal. Jamie Cruz Is a Renzo Gracie black belt trained UFC Jim , Dan Miller, many others too. Tony Is excellent Judo Instructor. The facility Is clean, has a children program too.

 Definitely one of the best BJJ & Judo schools in the country. I’ve been to some of the top schools in the USA such as American Top Team in Florida and the high level instruction given by renowned BJJ black belt Jamie Cruz is absolutely phenomenal due to his patience and great communication skills which outline the fine details of a technique/sequence. Extremely friendly environment in a clean and competitive atmosphere.

 Great school with an amazing staff. Our son started a few months ago and was very hyperactive and easily distracted. Sensei Camal and Sensei Cruz take their time with the students, patiently teaching them discipline and respect. They have older kids and senior members that help with the toddlers as part of their own personal development. Our son has grown tremendously and loves coming here! Highly recommend!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
