---
source_url: https://camalandcruz.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://camalandcruz.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:05.346Z
---

# Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 choose your class type
 Print
 Monday - 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM BJJ All Levels - Gi - Instr:Danny Diaz - 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM Kids Jiu Jitsu - 5:30 PM - 6:00 PM Open Mat - 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM BJJ All Levels - Gi - Instr:Jamie Cruz - 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM BJJ Advanced Gi

 Tuesday - 6:30 AM - 7:30 AM BJJ All Levels - No Gi - 5:15 PM - 5:45 PM Tigers Peewee Judo - Instr:Tony Camal - 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Women's Jiu Jitsu- Floor B - Instr:Samantha Derti - 5:45 PM - 6:30 PM Peewee Judo - Instr:Tony Camal - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Judo Juniors - Instr:Tony Camal - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals - Floor B - 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM Judo Seniors - Instr:Tony Camal

 Wednesday - 11:45 AM - 1:00 PM Judo Seniors - Instr:Tony Camal - 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM BJJ All Levels - Gi - Instr:Danny Diaz - 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM Kids Jiu Jitsu - Instr:Jamie Cruz - 5:00 PM - 5:45 PM CRAWL- Floor B - Instr:Samantha Derti - 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM BJJ All Levels - Gi - Instr:Jamie Cruz - 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM BJJ Advanced Gi

 Thursday - 6:30 AM - 7:30 AM BJJ All Levels - No Gi - 5:15 PM - 5:45 PM Tigers Peewee Judo - Instr:Tony Camal - 5:45 PM - 6:30 PM Peewee Judo - Instr:Tony Camal - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Judo Juniors - Instr:Tony Camal - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals- Floor B - 7:30 PM - 9:00 PM Judo Seniors - Instr:Tony Camal

 Friday - 1:00 PM - 2:00 PM BJJ All Levels - Gi - Instr:Danny Diaz - 5:30 PM - 6:00 PM Open Mat - 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM BJJ All Levels - Gi - Instr:Jamie Cruz

 Saturday - 10:00 AM - 11:30 AM Judo Mixed - Instr:Tony Camal - 10:00 AM - 10:45 AM CRAWL - Floor B - Instr:Samantha Derti - 11:30 AM - 12:00 PM Open Mat - 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM BJJ All Levels - Gi - Instr:Jamie Cruz

 Sunday - 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM Striking - 10:00 AM - 11:30 AM BJJ All Levels - No Gi

 ## Maximize Your Strength Request information

 Hey Everyone, come learn Jiu Jitsu , Judo from Jamie Cruz, Tony Camal. Jamie Cruz Is a Renzo Gracie black belt trained UFC Jim , Dan Miller, many others too. Tony Is excellent Judo Instructor. The facility Is clean, has a children program too.

 Definitely one of the best BJJ & Judo schools in the country. I’ve been to some of the top schools in the USA such as American Top Team in Florida and the high level instruction given by renowned BJJ black belt Jamie Cruz is absolutely phenomenal due to his patience and great communication skills which outline the fine details of a technique/sequence. Extremely friendly environment in a clean and competitive atmosphere.

 Great school with an amazing staff. Our son started a few months ago and was very hyperactive and easily distracted. Sensei Camal and Sensei Cruz take their time with the students, patiently teaching them discipline and respect. They have older kids and senior members that help with the toddlers as part of their own personal development. Our son has grown tremendously and loves coming here! Highly recommend!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
