---
source_url: https://camalandcruz.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://camalandcruz.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:05.591Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Totowa ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Totowa's Best Kids Martial Arts Classes! Here at Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu, we're proud to offer kids from Totowa the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu and Judo training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Martial Arts program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu and Judo program, just click below or fill out the short form above!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu & Judo Classes Offer? Our Kids Martial Arts classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu and Judo techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 Join us in Totowa for Kids Jiu Jitsu & Judo classes and see your child:
 - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Martial Arts class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Totowa's Favorite Kids Martial Arts Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Jiu Jitsu and Judo, we're offering children from around Totowa, Wayne, and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Camal & Cruz Judo & Jiu Jitsu and see the results for yourself.
 Just click below to learn more about our amazing Kids Martial Arts programs!
 Get more information now!

 ## Maximize Your Strength Request information

 Hey Everyone, come learn Jiu Jitsu , Judo from Jamie Cruz, Tony Camal. Jamie Cruz Is a Renzo Gracie black belt trained UFC Jim , Dan Miller, many others too. Tony Is excellent Judo Instructor. The facility Is clean, has a children program too.

 Definitely one of the best BJJ & Judo schools in the country. I’ve been to some of the top schools in the USA such as American Top Team in Florida and the high level instruction given by renowned BJJ black belt Jamie Cruz is absolutely phenomenal due to his patience and great communication skills which outline the fine details of a technique/sequence. Extremely friendly environment in a clean and competitive atmosphere.

 Great school with an amazing staff. Our son started a few months ago and was very hyperactive and easily distracted. Sensei Camal and Sensei Cruz take their time with the students, patiently teaching them discipline and respect. They have older kids and senior members that help with the toddlers as part of their own personal development. Our son has grown tremendously and loves coming here! Highly recommend!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
