---
source_url: http://www.ralphgraciebend.com
final_url: https://www.ralphgraciebend.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:58.695Z
---

Schedule
 Schedule

 Contact Us
 Contact Us

 ### Ralph Gracie is coming to Bend! #### March 15th at 11:00 AM

 Want to get jiu jitsu from as close to the source is as humanly possible? Ralph Gracie will be teaching an exclusive seminar March 15th at Ralph Gracie Bend at 11AM. This seminar will be open to the public but we are capping spots so sign up quickly. Once it’s full, it’s full.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### FREE! Women’s Self Defense Workshop

 Four times a year! We are so excited to bring back our popular Women’s Self Defense Workshop. We will be covering the fundamentals of defending yourself against larger attackers, situational awareness, how to make yourself a more difficult target, and simple but effective techniques.
 This workshop is free to all but space is limited so sign up below to reserve your spot for the next one! We will send out an email soon with dates and times.

 ## “There is no losing in Jiu Jitsu. You either win or you learn.” — Carlos Gracie Sr.

 ### Ralph Gracie - Bend is owned by Paul Moresi, a black belt under Ralph Gracie in San Francisco. Paul has been blessed to spend his entire BJJ journey studying under Ralph and he returns regularly to San Francisco to further his own training.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu began when Carlos Gracie Sr. traveled to Japan to train with Misuyo Maeda in Japanese Jiu Jitsu. Grand Master Carlos quickly saw the effectiveness of the martial art and began to adapt it for the smaller practitioner as a self-defense technique for the rough streets of Brazil.
 Fast forward almost a century, Ralph Gracie, Great Grandson of Carlos, is teaching is San Francisco. Paul Moresi received his black belt directly from Ralph, and is the first and only Gracie Black Belt in Oregon.

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address

 Sign Up

 Thank you!
