---
source_url: https://austingraciejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://austingraciejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:40.851Z
---

# Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence

 Join Gracie Austin Jiu Jitsu for world class instruction in self-defense training for kids and adults in Austin, Texas.

 (512)-593-1789 martial arts / self defense classes

 # Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence Empower your life with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Strength Discipline Confidence

 Join Gracie Austin Jiu Jitsu for world class instruction in self-defense training for kids and adults in Austin, Texas.

 (512)-593-1789 martial arts / self defense classes

 #### Gracie Self Defense and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is a complete martial art that features self defense classes designed to ensure that students could defend themselves in a real attack. It is without question, the worlds most tested, and effective martial art. No matter what your age, gender, or physical condition, you will learn how to use leverage and technique to successfully defend yourself. You don’t have to be in great shape, and you don’t have to be big and strong to expect any benefits. That is why Jiu-Jitsu is so effective; it is designed to give you immediately usable results- even after your first lesson!

 Our teacher is a direct student and 3rd Degree Black Belt under Royce Gracie. We are defined by our direct lineage to the Gracie Family- the founding family of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 If you are looking to learn authentic Gracie Jiu-Jitsu directly from the Gracie Family, then you have found the right place! Contact Us today to get started and begin your journey to better mental and physical health.

 ## #### Knowledge - Discipline - Empowerment At Gracie Austin Jiu-Jitsu, we believe everyone has the right to feel safe and secure.
 Our self-defense classes are designed to empower individuals of all ages and skill levels.
 With experienced instructors and a supportive environment, you’ll learn effective techniques to protect yourself.

 The foundation of our program is built on the complete art of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, which includes five key elements: self-defense, striking, takedowns, grappling, and philosophy (character development), all framed within our 7-5-3 Code.

 Join us and discover the confidence that comes with mastering self-defense—your journey toward safety starts here.

 As an added bonus, our youth classes are taught in both English and Spanish to enrich your child’s experience.

 ## #### Infinite Jiu Jitsu Academy our legacy continues After more than two decades of serving our community in Loveland, Colorado, we are proud to bring one of the most prestigious and award-winning Jiu Jitsu schools to Austin, Texas.

 The spirit, history, traditions and the legacy of Infinite Jiu Jitsu Academy remain strong in our new home.

 ## Social

 ## Contact Us

 #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and self defense classes for adults in Austin send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Gracie Austin Jiu Jitsu 4619 South Congress Avenue, Austin, Texas 78745, United States
 512-593-1789 professor_adam@hotmail.com

 #### Hours Monday
 Kids Gracie Jiu Jitsu 5:00 - 6:00 pm
 Adult Gracie Jiu Jitsu 6:00 - 7:00 pm

 Tuesday
 Adult Gracie Jiu Jitsu 6:00 - 7:00 pm

 Thursday
 Kids Gracie Jiu Jitsu 6:00 - 7:00 pm

 Friday
 Kids Gracie Jiu Jitsu 5:00 - 6:00 pm
 Adult Gracie Jiu Jitsu 6:00 - 8:00 pm

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
