---
source_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/programs/adults-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/programs/adults-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:54.690Z
---

## Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 #### Self Defense The benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu go above and beyond any other martial art due to its real-world adaptability of learned skills and techniques to take on an opponent of any size.
 #### Confidence Building Alliance BJJ is dedicated to empowering you with the confidence and self-esteem needed to get yourself out of a dangerous situation. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can bring out the positive qualities that have always been a part of you, whether that is inner calm, positive mental attitude, patience, or self-discipline. BJJ will help you overcome fear, anger, and self-doubt. By empowering your body and mind with the skills to defend yourself and hold your own, all of our students are able to face their fears and walk a little taller and more confident after every class.

 #### Community From the moment anyone walks into our academies, they will be met with an inclusive and encouraging environment filled with people that want to see them reach their goals and succeed. Because BJJ predominately requires a partner during training, you quickly build bonds based on trust and respect with fellow students. Everyone likes the thrill of winning but it is in the humility of losing that students find themselves relying on the support of others to push through and continue on their journey.
 #### Fitness Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a total body workout because it involves a lot of explosive throws, speed, agility, and ground grappling. At Alliance BJJ, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body. In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost stamina and endurance. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a high-energy training class from start to finish that is fun and engaging for any student.

 ## Free 1-on-1 Intro Class Ask how you can sign up for a FREE 1-on-1 class for beginners! See you on the mats soon!

 Sign up today!
 ##### Free 1-on-1 Intro Class ×
