---
source_url: http://www.jitstherapy.com
final_url: https://www.jitstherapy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:05.237Z
---

## ELEVATE YOUR BODY + MIND

 # JIU JITSU
 # PHYSICAL THERAPY
 # KICKBOXING
 # STRENGTH + CONDITIONING
 ## MMA
 # NUTRITION COUNSELING

 #### BUILD STRENGTH, CONFIDENCE, AND RESILIENCY

 We understand that starting something new can be challenging. Whether you're interested in trying out a martial arts class, learning how to lift, or making healthier choices, our dedicated coaches at Jiu Jitsu Therapy are here to guide you every step of the way.

 We strive to create a friendly and inclusive environment that encourages an active lifestyle and promotes healthy living. Our gym is a supportive space where you can access professional rehabilitative healthcare services, guiding you towards your best health and wellness.

 FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM
 FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM

 #### MEET YOUR COACHES

 - PROFESSOR RAUL QUINTERO Owner, head instructor, and BJJ Black Belt with over 15 years of coaching experience - DR. ADRIANA P. MESA Our expert in-house physical therapist with over 10 years of experience working with patients and practicing jiu-jitsu

 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL
 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL

 # OUR SERVICES As dedicated professionals in physical therapy and martial arts instruction, we proudly offer:

 #### COMPREHENSIVE PHYSICAL THERAPY SERVICES

 One-on-one, personalized physical therapy that takes a holistic approach to health, including nutrition, strength training, and health coaching.

 get started
 get started

 #### FUNCTIONAL STRENGTH & CONDITIONING

 These classes are designed to help individuals build strong foundations in strength, mobility, and endurance while learning essential lifts like the squat, press, and deadlift.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 #### EXPERT SELF DEFENSE TRAINING

 Choose from the engaging arts of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, and Kickboxing with classes specific to age group and skill level.

 See classes
 See classes

 ### “

 #### CANNOT THANK RAUL, ADRIANA, AND EVERYONE AT JIU JITSU THERAPY ENOUGH FOR WELCOMING ME WITH OPEN ARMS.

 They do a fundamental class with coach Adrianaand the stretches and techniques there are super helpful for all the other more advanced classes! It's a great mix and environment, I love it and cannot wait to keep training and growing!

 ### “

 After many months of standard "cookie cutter" physical therapy following complications from knee replacement surgery, I was very happy to find Adriana.

 #### HER BROAD KNOWLEDGE, ADVANCED EDUCATION, AND CREATIVE PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS PUT HER IN A DIFFERENT CLASS OF PHYSICAL THERAPISTS.

 I also appreciate that you spend the entire hour with her, one-on-one, rather than be passed off to an assistant.

 ### ”

 ### ”

 ### “

 Raul and Adriana have created an environment where children AND adults are challenged and guided towards martial arts mastery.

 ### ”

 ### “

 #### HANDS DOWN THE BEST SCHOOL IN SANTA CRUZ AND WATSONVILLE AREA.

 This is a great school for all levels. The head instructor Raul Quintero is very knowledgeable and has a great teaching method. He is also an avid competitor who’s passioned about jiu Jitsu. The school is only good vibes, and I strongly recommend Jiu Jitsu Therapy for anyone looking to get mentally and physically strong while learning selfdefense.

 #### THE JIU JITSU HERE IS TOP NOTCH.

 ### ”

 ### “

 After going to other physical therapists for a few months I was very frustrated by the bad advice and felt super discouraged.

 #### I STARTED SEEING ADRIANA AND THE FIRST DAY SHE SAID “WELL LET’S SEE WHAT YOU CAN DO, NOT WHAT YOU CAN’T.”

 From that day on my mind set really changed, we started off doing basic core strengthening stuff and before long I was back in the gym lifting weights! Loved her attitude and outlook on chronic pain.

 ### ”

 - KIDS CLASSES Our kids jiu jitsu class helps develop strength and fitness, enhances discipline and focus, builds confidence, promotes social skills, teaches self-defense, and fosters mental toughness. Additionally, our youth kickboxing classes encourage physical fitness while teaching kids valuable skills like focus, respect, and teamwork. - ADULT CLASSES We offer adult classes in Jiu Jitsu, Women’s self defense, Kickboxing, and MMA for ages 16 and older. These classes provide a great way to improve physical fitness, learn self-defense, boost confidence, and relieve stress. Jiu Jitsu teaches problem-solving and control, Kickboxing improves strength and cardiovascular health, while MMA combines techniques for overall conditioning and combat skills. Whether for fitness or self-defense, these classes offer a dynamic and empowering experience. - STRENGTH + CONDITIONING These classes are designed to help individuals build strong foundations in strength, mobility, and endurance while learning essential lifts like the squat, press, and deadlift. With a focus on functional, results-driven, science-based training, our approach enhances overall performance, reduces injury risk, and promotes muscle growth. Whether you're aiming to improve strength for daily activities or elevate your lifting skills, these classes are tailored to empower individuals at all levels. - NUTRITION COUNSELING Proper nutrition is essential for optimizing performance, promoting muscle recovery, and preventing injury. It supports energy levels, enhances endurance, and helps maintain a healthy body composition. Through personalized nutrition counseling, I can guide you in making informed choices that complement your physical training, accelerate recovery, and support long-term health. By addressing your unique needs, we can create sustainable habits that help you reach your full potential—whether for everyday wellness or athletic achievement. - PHYSICAL THERAPY Receiving physical therapy here means you are at the center of care. I take a holistic approach, where you, the individual, are the focal point. This is known as person-centered care, and it goes beyond just addressing specific symptoms—it examines lifestyle factors that may be influencing your overall health and wellness. My goal is to enhance your self-efficacy, empowering you to take control of your well-being and make progress toward your unique goals.

 # CHOOSE WHICH OPTION BEST FITS YOUR NEEDS

 - MONDAY Open Gym: 9:30am-2pm4:30-8pmJJ Kids: 5-6pmJJ Adults (No GI): 6-7pmYouth Kickboxing: 6-7pmStrength: 6-7:15pm - TUESDAY Open Gym: 9:30am-2pm4:30-8pmJJ Adults - 6-7:15am Strength: 12-1:15pmJJ Littles: 4:15-5pmJJ Kids: 5-6pmJJ Adults (Fundamentals): 5-6pmAdults Kickboxing: 6-7:30pm - WEDNESDAY Open Gym: 9:30am-2pm4:30-8pmStrength: 9:30-10:30amJJ Adults (GI): 12-1pmJJ Kids: 5-6pmYouth Kickboxing: 6-7pmStrength: 6-7:15pmJJ Adults (GI): 6-7:15pm - THURSDAY Open Gym: 9:30am-2pm4:30-8pmStrength: 12-1:15pmJJ Littles: 4:15-5pmJJ Kids: 5-6pmJJ Adults (Fundamentals): 5-6pmAdult Kickboxing: 6-7:30pm - FRIDAY Open Gym: 9:30am-2pm4:30-8pmWomen’s Self Defense: 5-6pmStrength: 6-7:15pmJJ Adults (GI): 6-7:15pm - SATURDAY Open Gym: 10am-2pm - SUNDAY Closed

 # GOT A QUESTION? Submit the following form and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
