---
source_url: https://ugjj702.com/classes
final_url: https://ugjj702.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:31.415Z
---

# About Underground Jiu-Jitsu 702 #### CLASSES MONDAY- SATURDAY

 6:00 AM JIU-JITSU
 MONDAY & WEDNESDAY GI
 TUESDAY NO-Gi
 THURSDAY BJJ VALE TUDO NO-GI

 STRENGTH & CONDITIONING
 MONDAY TO THURSDAY
 MONDAY TO FRIDAY
 *10:00 AM-11:20AM

 ADULTS
 MONDAY TO FRIDAY
 *11:30AM-12:30PM JIU-JITSU
 MON. TUE. WED. FRI.
 GI
 THURSDAY
 NO-Gi

 KIDS JIUIJITSU
 *5:30 PM-6:45 PM
 MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY (GI)
 TUESDAY, THURSDAY, (NO-GI)

 ADULTS & TEENS
 *7:00 PM-8:20 PM
 MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY (GI)
 TUESDAY, (NO-GI)
 THURSDAY (HYBRID GI & NO-GI)

 SATURDAY
 *10:00 AM TO 11:00 AM
 STRENGTH AND CONDITIONING

 *10:00 AM-11:00 AM
 KIDS JIU-JITSU SELF DEFENSE

 JIU-JITSU
 *11:00 AM-12:30 PM OPEN MAT

 JUDO
 1:00 PM TO 3:00 PM
 SATURAY Schedule
 SUGEST TO CHANGE

 #### Strength and conditioning Strength and conditioning classes are specifically designed to strengthen the entire body while keep muscle endurance at peak performance. Women and Men are welcome to enjoy a fast passed class that will surely get you in top condition weather you're doing it for personal reasons or have competition coming up. Join us Monday - Friday
 10am-11am
 SATURDAY
 10:00 AM TO 11:00AM

 #### Kids class Our instructors are highly trained and experienced martial artists who are passionate about teaching. They provide personalized attention and guidance to each student, helping them to improve their technique and reach their full potential. Our instructors are committed to creating a positive and supportive learning environment for all of our students.

 #### Adults class We offer a variety of programs to meet the needs of every student, from beginners to advanced. Our programs include Jiu Jitsu in the Kimono GI, Ni Gi Grappling, Wrestling, Judo.
 Our professors train every day with the students. Classes are taught by proper techniques, fundamentals, above all respect to everyone. There are all different levels, the ultimate goal is to make everyone efficient to be able to defend themselves while knowing how to control their opponents.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
