---
source_url: https://ugjj702.com
final_url: https://ugjj702.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:31.494Z
---

7025103138
 Learn the Art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with our Expert Instructors at Underground Jiu-Jitsu 702

 # Unleash Your Inner Warrior Unleash Your Inner Warrior Unleash Your Inner Warrior Unleash Your Inner Warrior
 FREE TRIAL

 Learn the Art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with our Expert Instructors at Underground Jiu-Jitsu 702

 # Unleash Your Inner Warrior Unleash Your Inner Warrior Unleash Your Inner Warrior Unleash Your Inner Warrior

 FREE TRIAL

 ## Our Team 📷 📸 🎥
 - - - - - - -

 ## We Defy Foundation #### Proud to serve those who sacrificed everything for us! Underground Jiu-Jitsu 702 is proud to be partnered with the We Defy Foundation. Our facility has been thoroughly vetted and is officially recognized as a prestigious We Defy Training Center

 #### Our Mission We provide combat veterans coping with military connected disabilities a long term means to overcome their challenges through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and fitness training.

 #### Our values We are committed to our country, to creating a better life for our veterans and their families, our team, and accomplishing our mission by providing training and support.

 #### We Empower through integrity, discipline, personal accountability, mental and physical development, improved coordination, flexibility, adaptability, confidence, patience, and selfless service.

 #### We Evolve and expand our reach with the help of our volunteers, our sponsors, and approved training facilities to stay relevant and effective for the long term.

 #### Help support the cause Wedefyfoundation.org

 ## Social

 ## Join Our Mailing List Be the first to hear about upcoming class registration, special events, and free trials.
 Email

 Sign up

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
