---
source_url: https://10ptorrance.com/class-schedule
final_url: https://10ptorrance.com/class-schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:10.112Z
---

- HOME - CLASS SCHEDULE - CONTACT - SHOP MERCH - ABOUT US - EVENTS - BLOG

 # Class Schedule

 Please find the following class schedule, where the classes are color-coded according to different levels of experience.

 Purchase Your Day PassVisitors Register Here

 # Free Trial Intro

 We invite you to join us for a free 20-minute introduction to Nogi Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ). It's a fantastic opportunity to learn basic techniques, understand the importance of a proper warmup, and get a glimpse into the philosophy of BJJ. Whether you're new to martial arts or a seasoned practitioner looking to try something new, this quick intro is designed to give you a taste of what BJJ has to offer. Don't miss out on this exciting, enriching experience!

 If you have more than 6 months of Jiu-Jitsu experience under your belt, feel free to hop into one of our regular classes. To schedule your first class with us, please reach out and we'll be happy to assist you. Don't hesitate to take the next step in your Jiu-Jitsu journey!

 Click Here to Sign UpTo attend a Class on our Schedule

 ## READY TO GIVE US A TRY?

 # Get Started for Free Today!

 # Adult/Teens' Program

 - Age Group: 13+ - Schedule: Mon-Sun - Experience Level: Novice - Advanced - Private Lessons Available

 Adult/Teen OptionsClick Here to see current offers

 # Kid's Program

 - Age Group: 3-6yrs + 7-12yrs - Schedule: Mon, Wed & Sat - Experience Level: Novice - Intermediate - Private Lessons available

 Kid's OptionsClick Here to see current offers

 # Private Lessons

 We offer personalized private lessons to help you build confidence and master the fundamentals at your own pace.

 - Build a strong technical foundation - Address your specific goals and concerns - Develop confidence in a comfortable environment

 60 Min Private BookingClick here to book session

 Email: [email protected]

 Phone: (424) 999-0787
 Address: 24433 Hawthorne Blvd, Torrance, CA 90505

 #### HOLD POLICY

 To place a membership on hold, members must complete the Time Extension Form at least 30 days before their next billing cycle. To read full Hold Policy for members please read here .

 #### CANCELLATION POLICY

 In case a student needs to terminate their membership, both the participant and buyer should fill out the Cancellation Form with the student's name and the reason for the cancellation. The cancellation form should be submitted within 60 days of the billing cycle. Failure to do so will result in the payment of the monthly tuition fee. Some membership types may have different cancellation policies, so please check your email agreement for further details.The cancellation will be processed regardless of the reason, but we would appreciate it if students could share the reason as it would help us with our process and quality management. Students who have cancelled their account may rejoin the gym at any point in the future without any additional fees, and they can simply restart their monthly gym dues. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to ask.

 #### REFUND POLICY

 All gym membership fees associated with our gym services are non-refundable. We may consider refunds or credits in exceptional circumstances at our discretion. To request a refund or credit, please submit a written request to our front desk at [email protected] with necessary documentation. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact our front desk.

 #### PRIVACY POLICY

 By participating in classes, I hereby grant to 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Dark Arts (Torrance) and its legal representatives and assigns, the irrevocable and unrestricted right to use and publish photographs, videos, my likeness, voice and/or any other media of me (collectively "Media"), or in which I may be included, for editorial, trade, advertising, and any other purpose and in any manner and medium; and to alter and composite Media without restriction and without my inspection or approval. I hereby release 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Dark Arts (Torrance) and its legal representatives and assigns from all claims and liability relating to said Media.
