---
source_url: https://10ptorrance.com
final_url: https://10ptorrance.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:10.271Z
---

- HOME - CLASS SCHEDULE - CONTACT - SHOP MERCH - ABOUT US - EVENTS - BLOG

 # 10TH PLANET JIU JITSU: TORRANCE

 ## Bringing Nogi Jiu Jitsu to the South Bay

 Join Our Team

 GET IN TOUCH

 How to get started

 # Expect coaching, clarity, and answers — not a high-pressure sales conversation.

 ## Here's how it works

 - Step 1: Book your 20 minute assessment ($45) - Step 2: Show up 5 min early - Step 3: Assessment with warm up - Step 4: Join the class right after (free)

 Book your Assessment

 Upcoming Fundraising Tournament

 Event Registration - $55 Help Donate here

 Dark Arts Arena - Nogi Jiu Jitsu Tournament

 We're fundraising to support Dark Arts Arena with building repairs and operational improvements. Your participation helps us give back to a gym that's been a great training partner for our community.
 Join us for the upcoming Dark Arts Arena tournament! This is a great opportunity to test your skills and compete with practitioners from the region. Early bird pricing is available at $55 until March 8, so register soon to lock in your spot at the discounted rate..

 Men's and Women's Beginner division and Superfights available

 ## Open Mat - No Mat Fee & No Politics

 ## Open Mat

 No Mat Fee, No Politics, & Just Sign the Waiver
 Open Mat Dates:

 - Every Saturday at 1pm (sharp) - 10 Round Tuesday at 9:30pm - *Special* ~ Women Only Open Mat | Sun, March - Kid's Nogi Open Mat | Sat, April 11

 Open Mat Pass

 Register Here for Kids Open Mat

 ## Kids Nogi Jiu Jitsu Open Mat

 ## This organized open mat is perfect for children aged 4-13 years who want to experience the thrill of competing with sister schools in a friendly, supportive environment. What to expect:
 Our main goal is to help kids become comfortable with competition while having fun and building confidence. Parents are welcome to attend and cheer on their little champions, but we kindly ask for good sportsmanship from everyone involved.
 Check out our future 2025 dates!

 Online Shop Here

 # WHAT OUR MEMBERS SAY

 ## Testimonials

 At 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu: Torrance, Life Changed Through Jiu-Jitsu

 About Us

 Welcome to our jiu-jitsu family! Our team is a tight-knit community of passionate practitioners dedicated to the art of Nogi Jiu-Jitsu. We are more than just a team; we are a support system, a group of friends, and a place where individuals from all walks of life come together to learn and grow through martial arts. Our experienced instructors bring years of expertise, emphasizing both technical proficiency and the values of respect, discipline, and camaraderie. Whether you're a beginner looking to start your journey in jiu-jitsu or an experienced practitioner seeking to refine your skills, our team is here to guide and inspire you. Join us in pursuing excellence on the mats and building lasting friendships off of them.

 ## Get In Touch

 Email: [email protected]

 Address : 24433 Hawthorne Blvd, Torrance, CA 90505

 Phone Number: (424) 999-0787

 Email: [email protected]

 Phone : (424) 999-0787
 Address: 24433 Hawthorne Blvd, Torrance, CA 90505
 #### HOLD POLICY

 To place a membership on hold, members must complete the Time Extension Form at least 30 days before their next billing cycle. To read full Hold Policy for members please read here .

 #### CANCELLATION POLICY

 In case a student needs to terminate their membership, both the participant and buyer should fill out the Cancellation Form with the student's name and the reason for the cancellation. The cancellation form should be submitted within 60 days of the billing cycle. Failure to do so will result in the payment of the monthly tuition fee. Some membership types may have different cancellation policies, so please check your email agreement for further details.
 The cancellation will be processed regardless of the reason, but we would appreciate it if students could share the reason as it would help us with our process and quality management. Students who have cancelled their account may rejoin the gym at any point in the future without any additional fees, and they can simply restart their monthly gym dues. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to ask.

 #### REFUND POLICY

 All gym membership fees associated with our gym services are non-refundable. We may consider refunds or credits in exceptional circumstances at our discretion. To request a refund or credit, please submit a written request to our front desk at [email protected] with necessary documentation. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact our front desk.

 #### PRIVACY POLICY

 By participating in classes, I hereby grant to 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Dark Arts (Torrance) and its legal representatives and assigns, the irrevocable and unrestricted right to use and publish photographs, videos, my likeness, voice and/or any other media of me (collectively "Media"), or in which I may be included, for editorial, trade, advertising, and any other purpose and in any manner and medium; and to alter and composite Media without restriction and without my inspection or approval. I hereby release 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Dark Arts (Torrance) and its legal representatives and assigns from all claims and liability relating to said Media.
