---
source_url: http://logosbjjwestminster.com
final_url: https://logosbjjwestminster.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:53.558Z
---

# Special Offer:Free Jiu Jitsu Trial in Westminster, CO!

 ## One month only — don’t miss your chance to level up your Jiu Jitsu.

 Start with a FREE trial class!

 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE JIU JITSU TRIAL

 Call now for info: (720) 637-1123

 ### Jiu Jitsu Benefits

 Learn Practical Self Defense
 Jiu Jitsu teaches effective techniques for defending yourself, especially for a smaller person against a larger attacker. The techniques are applicable for real-life situations.

 Get a Great Workout
 A 60-90 minute Jiu Jitsu workout will leave you drenched in sweat. It’s a full body workout that uses muscles you never knew you had. Rolling builds your cardio. A class can burn 400-1000 calories.

 Learn New Skills
 Keep your brain sharp by constantly learning new techniques and strategies. Jiu Jitsu is always evolving, providing continual learning for students of all levels.

 Meet New People
 The Jiu Jitsu community is very friendly. Training partners help each other improve in a spirit of camaraderie. Lifelong friendships are built on the mats.

 More Fun Than the Gym
 Jiu Jitsu training is dynamic and communal, unlike the repetitive and isolating gym workout. There’s a great sense of community and engagement.

 Test Your Comfort Zone
 Stepping outside your comfort zone leads to tremendous personal growth. Jiu Jitsu will challenge you physically and mentally, building confidence and pride.

 Relieve Stress
 Jiu Jitsu helps relieve stress through physical exertion, human connection, and by forcing you to focus on the present moment.

 Build Humility
 You will be humbled as a beginner, but coaches and training partners will guide you with empathy. This teaches kindness and patience.

 Gain Confidence
 Testing yourself, persisting through challenges, and making connections builds unshakable self-confidence over time.

 Get a Free Trial

 ### Lōgōs Jiu Jitsu

 Welcome to Lōgōs Jiu Jitsu, the premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Westminster, Colorado. At Lōgōs our objective is simple: Spread good Jiu Jitsu through strong practice to the people of Westminster, Co.
 The Lōgōs brand and HQ academy in Rino, CO was established in January 2020 by Michael Liera Jr (widely regarded as one of the most talented competitors of his generation and a 2nd degree black belt), Lōgōs Jiu Jitsu approaches the art with a uniquely modern perspective, yet maintains the strong traditions instilled in Professor Liera’s lineage.
 The Westminster location was opened in August of 2023 to accommodate families of youth and adults of the Westminster/Arvada community. It is operated by Michael’s younger sister Elizabeth Liera, who also received her black belt. Elizabeth also competes at the international level, having won Gold at the Pan American’s and Silver at the World Championship at brown belt.
 Our programs are designed for practitioners of all levels. Whether you are just beginning your Jiu Jitsu journey, or have been training for a lifetime, our programs will provide you with the tools necessary to become the most effective practitioner you can be.
 We hope to see you soon!

 ### Experience our "Floating Floor" Jiu Jitsu Mat System

 - Enhanced comfort: The foam block foundation absorbs impact, reducing stress on joints and providing a more comfortable training surface. - Increased safety: By minimizing the risk of impact-related injuries, our "Floating Floor" system allows you to train harder and longer with peace of mind. - Unmatched durability: With high-quality materials and expert installation, our flooring system is built to withstand the rigors of intense training sessions. - Aesthetic appeal: The attractive finish of our "Floating Floor" system creates an inviting and professional atmosphere in our training facility.

 Get a Free Trial

 Get FREE Trial Now

 Call now for info: (720) 637-1123
