---
source_url: http://whetstonejj.com/
final_url: https://whetstonejj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:19.016Z
---

###### whetstonejiujitsu@gmail.com
 ###### 914-257-3536

 # Whetstone Jiu Jitsu Premier martial arts training for Upper Westchester, Lower Putnam, Cortlandt, Peekskill, Yorktown, and Croton
 #### Sharpen Your Skills Today! Sign Up For A Free Trial

 ## ADULT CLASSES ##### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Beginners: This class is tailored to beginners. Each class will focus on one specific position. The instruction will focus on the goals and strategy of each training partner in the given position.
 All levels: This class is suitable for beginners and advanced practitioners. The instructional portion of this class will be either: a series of techniques that string together, or a group of separate techniques that follow a theme.

 ##### MMA MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) class offers a dynamic and comprehensive training experience, blending techniques from various combat sports and martial arts, such as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, wrestling, boxing, and Muay Thai. Suitable for all skill levels, this class focuses on improving fitness, self-defense skills, and overall combat proficiency.

 ##### Muay Thai Muay Thai class, also known as the art of eight limbs, focuses on mastering striking techniques using fists, elbows, knees, and shins. This traditional Thai martial art emphasizes strength, agility, and precision, making it an excellent choice for those looking to improve their stand-up combat skills and physical conditioning.

 ## KIDS CLASSES ##### Jiu Jitsu Ages 4-6 This class is the foundation to prepare kids to participate in our older jiu jitsu classes. In this class, they'll learn to follow instructions, work as part of a team, and develop physical skills such as balance, coordination, and athleticism.

 ##### Jiu Jitsu Ages 6-10 This class builds a foundation of the primary jiu jitsu positions. Students will practice takedowns, positional control, and escapes. Each class will consist of a warmup, positional drill, technique instruction, and live training based on the focus of the day.

 ##### Jiu Jitsu Ages 10-15 This class builds a foundation of the primary jiu jitsu positions and introduces more advanced techniques suitable for teens and big kids. Students will focus on refining their takedowns, positional control, escapes, and submissions.

 ## Contact Us Have any questions? We'd love to hear from you.

 ## Contact Us Beginners Jiu Jitsu
 Advanced Jiu Jitsu
 MMA
 Muay Thai
 Kids Bjj Age 4-6
 Kids Bjj Age 6-10
 Kids Bjj Age 10-15

 Send Message

 #### Get In Touch 2305 Crompond Road, Cortlandt Manor, New York, USA

 whetstonejiujitsu@gmail.com

 914-257-3536

 ####
 #### Quick Links Home Class Schedule Our Coaches Contact Us

 © Whetstone Jiu Jitsu . All Rights Reserved.
