---
source_url: http://ghaustin.com
final_url: http://ghaustin.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:31.497Z
---

Gain confidence and fitness as you learn to defend yourself.
 ## Welcome to Gracie Humaita Austin! Get Started

 ### Frequently Asked Questions You have questions, we have answers.

 ##### What is Brazilian jiu-jitsu? Jiu-Jitsu, which literally means the gentle art, is a famous form of self-defense that does not rely on physical strength and power. Using techniques of strikes, holds, locks, chokes, throws, and evasions it employs mechanics though leverage and knowledge of human anatomy to overcome any attacker with minimal effort and strength. Jiu-Jitsu teaches self-confidence, improves self-esteem, relieves stress, and increases the ability to focus.

 ##### What are the benefits that I may get from Gracie jiu-jitsu? Including the Gracie Jiu-Jitsu to your routine can help you get in shape, gain confidence, and release stress, all while forming a network of like-minded people sure to motivate and inspire you. The Gracie Humaita Austin Academy not only excels in this great martial art, but offer a safe, friendly, and family-style atmosphere that many of our students consider their second home.

 ##### Do I need to be in shape to start? Any fitness level is welcome to the classes. What we emphasize in our classes are hard work; therefore, everyone is welcome and we will make our best to accommodate you. As lessons progress so will your fitness and lessons will become easier. Our team will ensure a progressive and gradual plan to help you acclimate to our programs while achieving your fitness goals.

 ##### Am I too old to train? We have students of all ages, each with different goals in mind. Whether you are 7 or 89, our classes and programs are designed to provide results at any age and are enjoyed by both younger and older students.

 ##### Why train with the gi? The gi game obviously has a lot more to it. Everything that can be done without the gi can be done with it, making it a more complex game. Additionally, taking away the gi allows physical attributes such as size strength and slipperiness to come to play with greater effect due to the lack of levers and friction. Working with the gi is generally considered more of a thinking man's game. Not that no-gi isn't, it's just that the gi removes many physical advantages and ads more techniques. For now, you should view your kimono as a set of training wheels. As you develop a higher level of proficiency, you will learn to perform Jiu-jitsu techniques both with and without a kimono. For now, the kimono will add a level of sophistication to your game that will result in you as a student becoming a more advanced and technical fighter.

 ##### What's a typical class like? We begin class with some light calisthenics and stretching. Following our warm-up we then begin drilling technique. These drills when done over and over help form muscle memory and help our students retain technique. After our drilling is completed then we begin to spar (or roll). Rolling is when students are able to put their techniques to the test with training partners who can resist and counter just as they would in an actual fight, providing valuable real-world experience should the techniques ever need to be applied in an actual fight.

 ##### Will I be expected to compete? Competition is encouraged for those who wish to do so but it is NOT a requirement. While there are many positive reasons for competing in tournaments, you will never be forced. However, over the years we have noticed that students who compete make huge improvements in their BJJ.

 ##### Can women do it? Women are welcome to take part in any of the classes we run.

 ### Start Your Jiujitsu Journey Today Have other questions? Ready to start?
 Contact Us

 ### Schedule Check out all the available group classes!
 Private lessons are available, contact instructor to schedule them.

 ### Class Information Descriptions about our classes

 ##### Beginners Class Introduction to basic BJJ techniques with a heavy emphasis on technique and proper movement. No sparring involved. All belts welcome.

 ##### Fundamentals Class The fundamentals class is a combination of technique, movement, positional sparring, and regular sparring for the last 10-15 minutes. All belts welcome.

 ##### Competition Class Advanced BJJ techniques combined with sparring. This class splits technical work evenly with sparring. Blue Belts and above.

 ##### Sparring These training blocks have short warm-ups and are followed by positional sparring and sparring. All belts with at least 3 months experience welcome.

 ##### Open Mat Open mat is an opportunity for technical work, positional sparring, and sparring. This is not guided training but expect there to be a senior practitioner on the mat to assist with questions regarding technique. All belts welcome.

 ##### Gi Policy White or royal blue gis only, please.

 ##### Drop in Fees Beginners classes are free to the public
 $30 drop in fee
 $10 gi rental fee

 ### News Gracie Humaitá Austin

 ### Testimonials Don't take our word for it! Ask our students!

 Best professor in the city! Both of my sons have trained BJJ here for the last two years. I couldn't be happier with Paulo Brandao's instruction and mentorship. Paulo is a BJJ World Champion and the nicest guy you could ever meet. He's super humble for such an accomplished athlete. Just love this place, great group of people.

 ##### Saberian Younger Parent

 I have trained at many different academies throughout Austin and Gracie Humaita is simply the best. The level of knowledge we are expose to from the academy's black belts to the visiting black belts from the United States and Brazil is unmatched.

 ##### Rebecca Lee Varady Brown Belt

 Made an impromptu stop to train while traveling from out of town. I was treated to excellent training and wonderful hospitality. The quality of instruction and the positive culture was reflected by everyone I met and trained with during the class. They teach and train Jiu Jitsu the way it’s meant to be learned, and focus on all the right things. I highly recommend checking them out if you’re in the area you will not be disappointed.

 ##### Adam Bowen Visiting Brown Belt

 As an absolute beginner they really were kind, helpful and happy to stay at my level. They didn't talk down to me and respected me. They pushed when it was time and also let me rest. Friendly and ready to work.

 ##### Matthew Willis White Belt

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu-jitsu Gracie Humaitá Kids Jiu-jitsu is a fantastic way to promote an active and healthy lifestyle for kids of any age. Brazilian Jiu-jitsu is a martial art and combat sport based on ground fighting and submission holds. At Gracie Humaitá, our students learn a self-defense system that uses leverage to control opponents, without throwing punches or kicks.
 Our approach at Gracie Humaitá Kids helps our students increase self-esteem, discipline and focus through consistent training and a positive support system at the academy. Jiu-jitsu also teaches its practitioners how to stay calm and in control even when under pressure.
 Aside from teaching Jiu-jitsu fundamentals through to more advanced techniques, our experienced coaches also work with every student on improving:
 Physical capabilities such as hand-eye coordination, strength, agility and flexibility;
 Listening skills;
 Self-control, respect and discipline
 Increasing physical attributes such as hand-eye coordination, strength, agility and flexibility.
 Come by the academy for a free trial class , or call us with any questions.

 ### Instructors Meet some of the instructors that will help you on you jiu jitsu journey.

 ##### Paulo ‘Coelho’ Brandão ###### 6th Degree Black Belt Head Instructor
 -

 ### Self Defense

 If sport Jiu-jitsu and advancement within a traditional belt system are not things you are interested in but you still want to know how to defend yourself then this is the program for you! Gracie Self Defense focuses on the self defense aspects of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu so that you learn the most effective techniques to protect yourself and your family in real-life scenarios. Taking the Self defense Course will enable you to feel in control of potentially threatening situations and make your self confidence grow! We will help you to build up your self-confidence, technique, strength and conditioning so that you reach all of the goals you have set for yourself. The self-defense course is a great introduction to the principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, upon completion most students transition to our group classes to continue their training. We invite you to do the same, learn techniques that can save your life one day and if you love it like we know you will continue on with a sport that will have a long lasting positive impression on your life.

 ### Affiliated Schools Check out these other awesome schools if you're not in our area!

 ## Gracie Humaita Austin Address:
 321 W Ben White Blvd
 Suite 108
 Austin, TX 78704
 Email: graciehumaitaaustin@gmail.com
 Phone: (512) 766-3809
 - -

 ##### Quick links - FAQ - Contact - Schedule - News - Kids - Instructor

 #####

 © 2022 Gracie Humaita Austin
