---
source_url: https://www.thedeepwaterhouse.com
final_url: https://www.thedeepwaterhouse.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:24.768Z
---

Grappling and Striking
 Wellness and Fitness
 MMA, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Wrestling

 119 E State St.
 Hastings, MI

 Yoga, Pilates, Cardio Kickboxing, Seated Stretching

 116 W State St.
 Hastings, MI

 Mission
 Community
 Success

 We are a community-focused gym, that puts mission before anything. Our purpose for existing is to help people rethink their limits. When you have the right instruction and the right environment, you can feel comfortable going into Deepwater.
 ​ ​

 #### When you go through deep waters, I will be with you. -Isaiah 43:2
 Sign up

 ### Wrestling
 We offer classes for Youth Wrestlers (8th grade and younger) as well as High School Wrestling. Our goal is to solidify the basics and move on to advanced technique that has been proven to produce results.

 ### Yoga & Pilates
 Delve into the serene world of mindful movement as our expert instructors guide you through a harmonious blend of yoga postures and Pilates exercises, designed to enhance strength, flexibility, and inner peace.

 ### Cardio Kickboxing
 Get exposed to a variety of exercises including kicking boxing, strength, and cardio training - which have a ton of great benefits for your health. You'll see Improved strength and endurance
 while also seeing weight loss and promoting heart health. We offer classes from ages 15 and up.
 ​

 ### BJJ
 Learn, drill, and roll as you practice the "gentle art" also known as the golf of combat sports. Push yourself past your limits or come in and simply stay in shape. We will take you from the fundamentals of BJJ all the way to the most advanced technique.
 ​We offer youth and adult classes, ages 7 and up

 ### MMA
 Our MMA program exposes you to every situation in a fight. From striking to grappling, we train it all. We are your solution if you're looking to train for self-defense, or if you're looking to make this your competition training home. We have one of the best up and coming MMA teams in the state!

 "I HIGHLY recommend Deepwater’s Kids Jiu-Jitsu Class. My son (AJ) has been training in the kid's class for 2 months now. Each Tuesday AJ has a blast with his teammates… as their confidence, skills, resilience, and bond grow together.
 ​
 I am grateful to have Deep Water’s coaches in my corner, helping AJ become the best man he can be. ​ AJ looks up to his Coach Calvin… who teaches with passion, is a family man, and has world-class grappling knowledge. Thank you Deepwater for making such a positive impact!"

 - Adam Grisko

 Water

 Deep

 Hastings, MI 49058
 @deepwater_mma
 Email: deepwatermmahouse@gmail.com
