---
source_url: http://www.romulomelobjj.com
final_url: https://www.romulomelobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.958Z
---

# Romulo Melo

 # Brazilian
 # Jiu-Jitsu
 # San Francisco, CA

 # New to BJJ
 # Sign-Up for a free private
 # 30-minute introductory class

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 # Trained Before?
 # Interested in trying our academy
 # sign-up for a group lesson.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up

 ## About

 Romulo Melo BJJ practices and teaches traditional Gracie Jiu-Jitsu for fitness, competition, and self-defense.
 Chief instructor, Romulo Melo, having trained directly under Vinicius Aieta and Royler Gracie at the highly respected Gracie Academy, Gracie Humaita in Rio de Janeiro, as well as at the Gracie Tijuca academy, brings the best of authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to the United States.
 Romulo adheres to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a complete way of life, not just a martial art or a sport. He is proud and excited to be able to share his wealth of knowledge and practical experience both on and off the mat with his students. He also embraces BJJ’s healthy lifestyle as one that can help you get the most out of life in every aspect.

 About Romulo Melo
 About Romulo Melo

 ## Reviews

 ## Class Schedule

 ### Mon 12:30pm
 BJJ Class
 5:30pm
 Fundamental BJJ Class
 6:30pm
 No Gi Class

 ### Tue 7:00am
 BJJ Class
 6:00pm
 BJJ Class
 7:00pm
 Fundamental BJJ Class

 ### Wed 12:30pm
 BJJ Class
 5:30pm
 Fundamental BJJ Class
 6:30pm
 No Gi Class

 ### Thu 7:00am
 BJJ Class
 6:00pm
 BJJ Class
 7:00pm
 Fundamental BJJ Class

 ### Sat 10:00am
 BJJ Class
 11:00am
 Open Mat Gi & No Gi (Members Only)

 ### Fri 7:00am
 BJJ Class
 12:30pm
 BJJ Class

 ## Sign Up for a Free Private Intro Class The programs and classes here at Romulo Melo BJJ welcome those of all ages from complete beginners to accomplished martial arts competitors. It doesn’t matter where you are now in terms of fitness and expertise, or whether you are 18 years old or 70. Come learn and let Romulo work with you to help you reach your own individual goals, whether they be just getting in great shape, learning to defend yourself, or launching an incredible MMA career.

 Sign Up
 Sign Up
