---
source_url: https://www.ibjja.com
final_url: https://ibjja.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:29.442Z
---

Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Kickboxing
 Kids' BJJ
 Judo Start Free Trial Start Free Trial

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, and Self-Defense Greenwood, Indiana

 ## Delivering premium martial arts training since 2000. Our mission has always been clear: to promote athleticism, health, self-control, and discipline while offering cutting-edge self-defense and sport competition training. Our seasoned instructors are experts in teaching practical, effective martial arts to people of all ages and skill levels. As the longest-running Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts Academy in the greater Indianapolis area, we take pride in being trailblazers and continually raising the bar.
 Welcome to IBJJA, where excellence is not just our standard; it's our way of life.

 Try FREE for 1 Month!

 ## Programs

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a grappling-based martial art with an emphasis on ground fighting. It is the most effective self-defense system and is now a popular international competitive sport.
 Learn More

 ### Kickboxing Our kickboxing class blends the techniques of traditional Muay Thai with Western Boxing and some methods of American Kickboxing and Dutch Kickboxing. This class incorporates all aspects of stand-up striking.
 Learn More

 ### Kids' BJJ We teach our kids the same foundational curriculum we teach the adults in a way that’s encouraging, engaging, and fun! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is an excellent way for kids to get exercise and build confidence, strength, discipline, and endurance, all while learning vital self-defense techniques.
 Learn More

 ## FREE for 30 Days! No experience? No problem! As Central Indiana's longest running BJJ/MMA Academy, we always make it easy to get started. We believe that anyone can learn martial arts and experience the life-changing benefits:

 - Weight Loss/Physical Fitness - Confidence - Stress Reduction - Mental Health - Motivation and Discipline - Life-Saving Self-Defense Skills - Mental Toughness - Community of Growth-Minded Individuals
 Are you ready? With our 30-Day Free Trial, you've got nothing to lose and everything to gain!

 Start My Free Trial!

 ## Reviews

 I fought in the UFC, Bellator, KSW and every other promotion in the world. There’s nobody I’d want in my corner more than James.

 Sean McCorkle (UFC Vet)

 Been training here since I was a kid. Love the mat culture, the caliber of people, the atmosphere, and most importantly the cleanliness. The level of knowledge from James and his coaches are unparalleled.

 Shane B

 Top notch instructors. No better place around in the local area to advance your skills or start your martial arts journey. Friendly people and staff. Safe environment.

 Paul M

 Whether you're looking for self defense, competition training, or just a good workout, this is the place to be. It's not just a gym- it's a family. If you're in the Indy area, I highly recommend checking out Indiana Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy!

 Nikki Sullivan (Andre Galvao Black Belt)

 If you want a safe, fun, and challenging way to get in shape and challenge your mind then you should try out BJJ for a few weeks. The people and environment at IBJJA is very safe, fun, family friendly, and yet still serious about teaching and training top notch Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. My 9 year old son and I started going a little less than a year ago and both love the school and all the coaches.

 Justin C

 IBJJA is the BEST gym in Greenwood, IN. James Clingerman and the people who train at IBJJA are great people with excellent, competition tested Jiu-Jitsu. James is an extremely knowledgeable instructor.

 Samantha R

 More Testimonials

 ## Location 647 U.S. 31 N, Greenwood, IN 46142
 Next to Indiana Lighting Center and Buca Di Beppo

 Start My Free Trial!

 ## Visitors ALWAYS Welcome! Come on in, join a class, and have fun. We'd love to have you!

 - No drop-in fees for guests! - No restrictions on Gis/Uniforms! - All affiliations welcome!
 See our Class Schedule

 ## Follow us on social media!

 
 
 
