---
source_url: http://www.electriccitybjj.com
final_url: https://electriccitybjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:41.301Z
---

### Welcome To ## Electric City BJJ Welcome to Electric City BJJ, the premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy in Schenectady, New York. We’re a second home to beginner martial artists, seasoned Jiu Jitsu competitors, and everyone in between. At Electric City BJJ, martial arts training is not just about winning, it’s about becoming a better person. We’re dedicated to helping you develop a positive attitude, values, and a strong character through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Join Electric City BJJ classes to gain peace of mind and know that you’re on your way to becoming your best self.

 ## Features At Electric City BJJ, we stand apart from the crowd. Here are a few of the advantages of our martial arts training that you won’t find elsewhere:

 - - Inclusive Though we’re primarily a competitive school, we’re home to hobbyists and beginners as well. We’ll help you build a strong foundation. - Teamwork Our training environment is very friendly. We uplift each other to become the best version of ourselves and encourage each other to set high standards - Quality Enjoy complete peace of mind knowing that our experienced instructors are here to help you be your best self. - Community When training at Electric City BJJ, you’ll meet goal-driven individuals who are passionate about your growth as well as their own. - Resilience You will be challenged on the mat and learn to overcome obstacles. Your growing perseverance will help you succeed in school, work, and life.

 ### Learn More About Us:
 #### About Us: The Electric City BJJ team strives to help every individual improve through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes. It is our goal for you to become 1% better everyday. Our instructors are highly experienced and passionate – not just about martial arts, but also about their students’ growth. Our top-level instructors analyze your strengths to tailor to your individual needs. Regardless of your skill level or age, you’re ensured a personalized, hands-on training experience. If you’re looking for a challenging activity that will help you grow in every way, Electric City BJJ is the place for you!
 #### Our History: Owner Jason Althiser first started his martial arts journey in 2012. After just one year of training, he was already beginning to teach Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. With a decade of instruction under his belt, Jason opened the doors to Electric City BJJ in June 2023 with a goal to give back and help the local community. Jason has taken many strides to improve the community, through efforts like fundraisers or simply improving the lifestyles of his students. As he navigates the early years of owning a Jiu Jitsu academy, he is continuously inspired by the Electric City BJJ family and the growth of his students.

 #### Learn More About Us! Learn More!

 #### Electric City BJJ ### Jiu Jitsu Program Electric City BJJ offers a wide variety of martial arts for all ages and skill levels. Whether you’re looking for Gi or No Gi BJJ training we've got you covered.
 Learn More

 #### Electric City BJJ ### Striking / Muay Thai With a long history in warfare and rich cultural roots, Muay Thai is the national sport of Thailand. This discipline sets itself apart from other martial arts due to its distinctive style of boxing. (Teens/Adults)
 Learn More

 #### Electric City BJJ ### Judo Here at Electric City BJJ, we feel that Judo should align with its Japanese translation, “the way of gentleness.” Though Judo is an intense martial art that requires great endurance and strength, it should be practiced in an orderly way that honors and protects everyone involved.
 Learn More

 ## What Our Students Are Saying
 - - Electric City offers a wide variety of hours for kids, beginners, and experienced students. Come check it out. Anthony F.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google - Friendly, inviting, respectable. Paid the monthly fee, and got me going. Really took time on an individual level to teach me the fundamentals. Even at 30 years old L V.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google - The head coach and owner has a wealth of knowledge and experience. Bobby W.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google - The mats are beautiful and spacious, allowing for more space to roll than you could ask for. Lucas K.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google - Excellent instruction and a welcoming community. I'm coming back after a 9 year layoff from BJJ and I couldn't be happier. Micah I.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Google

 #### Current Class ### Schedule Check out our current schedule to stay up to date on class time!
 Check out our current schedule to stay up to date on class time!
 Learn More

 #### Current ### Special Offers Ready to start training? Our current offers will help you get started!
 Ready to start training? Our current offers will help you get started!
 View Offers

 #### Electric City BJJ ### Programs Do you still have questions about our programs? We have answers!
 Do you still have questions about our programs? We have answers!
 Learn More

 #### Electric City BJJ ### Student Login Interested in more Electric City BJJ resources? Log into your Kicksite account here!
 Interested in more Electric City BJJ resources? Log into your Kicksite account here!
 Student Login
