---
source_url: https://rarebreedmma.com/programs
final_url: https://rarebreedmma.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:04.064Z
---

## Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) a full-contact combat sport based on striking, grappling and ground fighting, made up from various combat sports and martial arts from around the world
 Classes: Tuesday 11am
 Intro to MMA Thursday 8pm

 FREE TRIAL

 ## Adult Muay Thai Referred to as “The Art of Eight Limbs”; and using eight points of contact the body mimics weapons of war. The hands become the sword and dagger; the shins and forearms were hardened in training to act as armor against blows, and the elbow to fell opponents like a heavy mace or hammer; the legs and knees became the axe and staff. The body operated as one unit. The knees and elbows constantly searching and testing for an opening while grappling and trying to spin an enemy to the ground for the kill.

 Monday: 8pm
 Tuesday: 11am and 7pm
 Wednesday: 11am and 9pm
 Friday: 7pm
 FREE TRIAL

 ## Submission Grappling/ NoGi What Is Submission Wrestling?
 Submission Wrestling (also called submission grappling, sport grappling, or no-gi Jiu-Jitsu) is a martial art focused on clinch and ground fighting with the goal of getting an opponent to tap out using submission holds.
 No Gi, No Problem- Unlike traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, this style doesn’t use the gi (combat kimono). That means techniques relying on gi grips—like collar chokes—aren’t used. Grappling without a gi requires faster movement, tighter control, and different strategies.
 Technique Mix-Submission wrestling blends moves from many disciplines: - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu - Catch wrestling - Judo - Greco-Roman & Freestyle wrestling - Sambo - Jujutsu
 More Submissions Allowed Techniques like heel hooks, toe holds, and wrist locks—often banned in other styles—are commonly used here. Gear Up- Practitioners typically wear rash guards, spats, and shorts—comfortable and durable clothes that hold up in intense training. It’s a major part of MMA, emphasizing skill, control, and creativity on the ground.

 Classes: Monday 11am
 Tuesday, Wednesday 8pm
 Thursday 7pm
 FREE TRIAL

 ## Gi Jiu Jitsu What Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was born in the early 1900s, when Carlos Gracie learned Judo from Japanese martial artist Mitsuyo Maeda. Carlos and his brothers—Oswaldo, Gastão Jr., George, and Hélio—used what they learned to create Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, a self-defense system that evolved into the sport we now know as BJJ.
 Key Principles of BJJ: Use technique and leverage, not brute strength - Take the fight to the ground to gain control - Apply holds and submissions to defend and win BJJ shows that a smaller person can defeat a larger one with smart movement and control. It’s great for sport, self-defense, and personal growth.
 Training includes: - “Rolling” (live sparring) to apply techniques - Drilling to build skill and discipline - Fitness, confidence, and character development For many, BJJ isn’t just a martial art—it’s a lifestyle.

 Monday, Wednesday 7pm
 Saturday 1pm
 FREE TRIAL

 ## Ninja's ages 3-6 Jiu-Jitsu for kids ages 3–6 is all about movement, fun, and learning through play!
 Instead of focusing on fighting, little ones build confidence, balance, and coordination through games and gentle techniques. They’ll roll, tumble, and learn how to move safely while enjoying every moment.
 Benefits include: Better focus and self-control Boosted confidence and teamwork A safe outlet for energy Lessons in kindness and problem-solving Imagine your child giggling through bear crawls, shrimping drills, and playful grappling—it’s more like an adventure than a sport.
 Classes: Tuesday, Wednesday 5pm
 Saturday 10am
 FREE TRIAL

 ## Kids 7-13 Martial arts are a powerful way for teens to build both physical and mental strength. Whether your teen wants to learn self-defense or develop discipline through consistent practice, martial arts offer a supportive and rewarding experience. Physical & Mental Benefits Include: Stronger muscles Better balance & flexibility Sharper focus Higher self-esteem & self-respect Greater self-awareness

 Not into traditional sports like baseball or soccer? No problem—martial arts welcome everyone, no tryouts or experience needed. Teens can set their own goals, like earning their next belt or mastering a new technique, and discover how effort and commitment lead to real progress.
 Classes: Monday-Wednesday 6pm
 Thursday 5pm and 6pm
 Saturday 11am
 FREE TRIAL

 ## Rare Breed MMA Learn to be comfortable being uncomfortable

 ### Broken downSchedule Youth Programs

 Ninjas (3–6 yrs)
 -Tue, Wed: 5:00–5:45 PM
 -Sat: 10:00–10:45 AM

 Kid’s Gi Jiu Jitsu (6–13 yrs)
 -Mon, Wed: 6:00–6:45 PM
 -Sat: 11:00–11:45 AM

 Kid’s Muay Thai (6–13 yrs)
 -Tue, Thu: 6:00–6:45 PM

 Pre-Teen’s (10–13 yrs)
 -Thu: 5:00–6:00 PM

 Adult Programs

 Jiu Jitsu
 Gi Jiu Jitsu (All Levels)
 -Mon, Wed: 7:00–8:00 PM
 -Sat: 1:00–2:00 PM

 NoGi Jiu Jitsu
 (All Levels)
 -Mon: 11:00 AM–12:00 PM
 -Thu: 7:00–8:00 PM
 -Tue, Wed: 8:00–9:00 PM

 Advanced NoGi
 (Teens/Adults)
 -Tues: 3:00-5:00 PM
 -Fri: 5:00–7:00 PM

 Jiu Jitsu Open Mat
 (Experienced Only)
 -Sat: 12:00–1:00 PM

 Muay Thai
 All Levels
 -Wed, Thu: 11:00 AM–12:00 PM
 -Mon: 8:00PM
 -Tue, Fri: 7:00–8:00 PM

 Muay Thai Open Mat
 (Experienced Only)
 -Fri: 8:00–9:00 PM

 Late Night Session
 -Wed: 9:00–10:00 PM

 MMA
 Advanced
 -Tue: 11:00 AM–12:00 PM

 Intro (All Levels)
 -Thu: 8:00–9:00 PM

 6:00 AM Classes (All Levels)
 -Wed, Fri: 6:00–7:00 AM

 FREE TRIAL

 Facebook

 X

 Instagram

 YouTube
