---
source_url: https://rarebreedmma.com
final_url: https://rarebreedmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:04.149Z
---

# Rare Breed MMA Learn to be comfortable being uncomfortable

 ## Welcome to Rare Breed MMA! Discover the Warrior Within Welcome to Rare Breed MMA, where we transform beginners into skilled martial artists and seasoned fighters into champions. Whether you're looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense, or compete at the highest level, our academy offers a supportive and dynamic environment for all ages and skill levels.

 ## Gi Jiu Jitsu A self-defence martial art and combat sport based on grappling, ground fighting and submission holds. It focuses on the skill of taking an opponent to the ground, controlling one's opponent, gaining a dominant position and using a number of techniques to force them into submission via joint locks or chokeholds
 Read more

 ## Muay Thai Sometimes referred to as "Thai boxing", is a combat sport of Thailand that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. This discipline is known as the "art of eight limbs" as it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees and shins
 Read more

 ## Submission Grappling Also known as Submission Fighting, Submission grappling, Sport grappling, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Nogi Jiu-Jitsu or Combat wrestling (in Japan), is a form of competition and a general term for martial arts and combat sports that focus on clinch and ground fighting with the aim of obtaining a submission through the use of submission holds.
 Read more

 ## Join Rare Breed Mixed Martial Arts Academy! Are you ready to unleash your potential and elevate your fitness game? At Rare Breed MMA, we offer world-class training in a diverse range of martial arts disciplines, designed to help you become a well-rounded and skilled fighter.

 ### What We Offer?
 Striking Classes: Learn the powerful and precise techniques of boxing, kickboxing, and Muay Thai.
 Grappling Sessions: Master the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, wrestling, and Judo, focusing on submissions and positional control.
 Conditioning Workouts: Boost your strength, endurance, and agility with tailored fitness programs designed for fighters.
 Sparring Practice: Put your skills to the test with controlled sparring sessions that simulate real combat scenarios.

 ### Why Train With Us?
 Expert Instructors: Our team of experienced and dedicated coaches are here to guide you every step of the way. From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to Muay Thai, you'll learn from the best in the industry.
 Comprehensive Training: Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned pro, our classes cover striking, grappling, and ground fighting techniques to help you master the art of mixed martial arts.
 State-of-the-Art Facilities: Train in our gym, featuring padded mats, heavy bags, and specialized equipment to hone your skills safely and effectively.
 Community Spirit : Become part of a supportive and motivating community. Our academy fosters an environment of respect, camaraderie, and shared growth, where everyone is encouraged to achieve their best.

 ### Join Us Today!
 Ready to start your journey in mixed martial arts? Sign up for a free trial class and experience the thrill of MMA training firsthand. Whether your goal is to compete, defend yourself, or simply get fit, we have a program that’s right for you.
 Come train with us and unleash the warrior within! 🥋💪🥊

 ## Gallery

 ## Subscribe
 Sign up to our newsletter and stay up to date
 Subscribe

 By submitting your information, you are granting us permission to email you. You may unsubscribe at any time.

 ### Subscribed! Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.

 ## 65 Washington StBloomfield, NJ, 07003 862-500-1512
 [email protected]
 FREE TRIAL
