---
source_url: https://artesuavebeckley.com
final_url: https://artesuavebeckley.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:44.840Z
---

The premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and MMA gym in Southern West Virginia

 321 South Fayette Street, Beckley WV 25801

 # About Arte Suave Jiu Jitsu Academy #### Our Black Belt #### Our Black Belt #### Our Black Belt
 Chris McKinney, school owner and head coach

 #### Our Facility #### Our Black Belt #### Our Black Belt
 Come train at our large, clean facility with extensive mat space for training Jiu Jitsu, wrestling, boxing, and MMA, located on South Fayette Street in Beckley. Dressing and toilet facilities are available.

 #### Our Philosophy #### Our Black Belt #### Our Philosophy
 Our goal is to give our students the knowledge, skills, and ability to not only survive, but to prevail, in a physical confrontation, whether on the mat in a tournament, or in the streets. We do this in a spirit of brotherhood and mutual respect, as friends helping friends to improve their Jiu Jitsu skills and their lives. Though we repre

 Show More
 Our goal is to give our students the knowledge, skills, and ability to not only survive, but to prevail, in a physical confrontation, whether on the mat in a tournament, or in the streets. We do this in a spirit of brotherhood and mutual respect, as friends helping friends to improve their Jiu Jitsu skills and their lives. Though we represent a very diverse group of people of all ages and different backgrounds, it is fair to say that each of the individuals who trains here regularly counts the other students as being almost as close as family.

 Show Less

 The story of Arte Suave Jiu Jitsu Academy in Beckley, WV

 ## Adult Class Schedule Monday
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (no gi) 6:00am-7:10am
 Boxing/striking class 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (no gi) 6:30pm-8:30pm
 Tuesday
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (gi) 6:30pm-8:30pm
 Wednesday
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (no gi) 6:00am-7:10am
 Mma/striking 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (no gi) 6:30pm-8:30pm
 Thursday
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (gi) 6:30pm-8:30pm
 Friday
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (no gi) 6:00am-7:10am
 No gi open mat/ sparring 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Saturday
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 10:30am-12:00pm
 Sunday
 No gi open mat 2:00pm-3:00pm

 #### No upcoming events.

 ## Childrens' Class Schedule

 Tuesday 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Thursday 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Saturday 12:00pm-1:00pm

 #### No upcoming events.

 ## Tuition Tuition is $120/month for one family member, with a $10/month discount for each additional family member (for example, $90 per person per month for two people from the same family, $80 per person per month for three people from the same family, and so on). There is a 10% discount for prepaying 6 months (for example, $648 for a single student), and a 15% discount for prepaying 12 months (for example, $1,224 for a single student) in advance. A month's tuition allows the student unlimited BJJ and MMA classes. A 10-class punch card is $120, and the dally mat fee is $20.

 ## Reviews

 ## Social

 ## Team Photos Show More

 ## Team Videos #### Chris McKinney Beckley Ruckus in the Cage, 2015

 #### Chris McKinney NFC championship defense, 2017

 #### Chris McKinney Showdown in the Cage, 2019

 ## Contact Us #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Sign up for our email list for updates, promotions, and more.

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 If you have questions about training Jiu Jitsu with us in Beckley, give us a call at 304-250-8128, or use this form to send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Arte Suave Jiu Jitsu Academy 304-25-8128

 ### Announcement Welcome! Check out my new announcements

 Learn more
