---
source_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com/youth-jiu-jitsu-youth-training
final_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com/youth-jiu-jitsu-youth-training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.492Z
---

# KAIZEN NINJAS ARE PREPARED FOR LIFE's DAILY BATTLES, ON AND OFF THE MATS.

 # KAIZEN NINJAS ARE PREPARED FOR LIFE's DAILY BATTLES, ON AND OFF THE MATS.

 ### CLASSES

 ###### Chunin ###### Middle Ninja: Ages 7-10

 ###### The Chunin class is made to balance fun, skill development and more complex techniques. The focus is on building a solid foundation in BJJ, improving fitness and fostering greater development into respect and other positive values.

 ###### Jonin ###### High Ninja: Ages 11-14

 ###### Jonin level classes are structured to provide more advanced techniques and a deeper understanding of the art, while promoting fitness and character development.

 ###### Genin ###### Junior Ninja: Ages 4-6

 The Genin class is designed to be fun, engaging and educational, focusing on basic techniques, coordination and discipline. Our overall goal is to develop physical and life skills to build confident, disciplined and respectful individuals.

 View training schedule

 Free Kid's Trial
 You can’t prevent every situation your child will face, but you can prepare them for it. Our Kaizen Ninjas program teaches skills that help kids deal with real life situations. Your child will have fun building confidence, increasing their fitness level and learning effective self defense skills. Equally important, our instructors reinforce positive values that build good character.

 ### KAIZEN NINJA RANKS

 Students are promoted to higher rank based on a number of considerations, including: attendance, attitude, conduct and mastery of skills.
 White
 Grey
 Yellow
 Orange
 Green

 ### THIS IS HOW WE ADVANCE

 ### Increase Consideration, Decrease Selfishness ### Increase Respect, Decrease Rudeness ### Increase Humility , Decrease Arrogance ### Increase Gratefulness, Decrease Complaining ### Increase Integrity, Decrease Dishonesty ### Increase Ownership, Decrease Blaming ### Increase Resilience, Decrease Whining ### Increase Focus, Decrease Distraction ### Increase Encouragement, Decrease Putdowns ### Increase Positivity, Decrease Negativity ### Increase Determination, Decrease Quitting ### Increase Good, Decrease Bad

 (213) 654-6432

 professor@jiu-jitsukaizen.com

 1101 Mission St. South Pasadena, CA 91030
