---
source_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com/private-sessions
final_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com/private-sessions
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.666Z
---

# ACCELERATE YOUR GROWTH WITH PRIVATE SESSIONS

 Book Private Session

 # OUR TOTAL FOCUS IS YOU

 A jiu-jitsu class where you are the only student. From the moment you step onto the mat, you have an expert instructor's undivided attention, and every bit of coaching is centered on you.
 A private BJJ session is the most direct and effective way to master new techniques in record time. Your instructor will provide the following services as part of your private session training:
 - Assessment: Your instructor will diagnose your weaknesses and strengths, and identify areas of opportunity for improvement. This is a critical step for creating a successful training plan.

 - Personalized training plan: A custom game plan designed just for you, tailored to your training goals. Whether you are preparing for competition, or simply want to turbo charge your jiu-jitsu growth, your training plan will allow your instructor to map your goals to your training, ensuring that you are focusing on the right things and making progress.

 - Personalized techniques: Step by step breakdown of techniques, adjusted as needed for your body type, fitness level and training goals. Beyond your ability to simply apply memorized techniques, your instructor will work with you to optimize applications, focusing on movement, body positioning and flows.
 Private sessions cost between $150 to $75 per session (discounted packages available). Contact us for more information.

 (213) 654-6432

 professor@jiu-jitsukaizen.com

 1101 Mission St. South Pasadena, CA 91030
