---
source_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com/adult
final_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com/adult
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.746Z
---

### ADULT TRAINING PROGRAM

 Learn jiu-jitsu in a fun and challenging class setting. Our adult program is designed to help each student progress in their training journey, with special emphasis on minimizing risk of injury. Through persistence on the mats, students learn to become comfortable dealing with uncomfortable scenarios.
 Classes are available throughout the week, ranging from beginner to advanced. Adult open mat sessions are held on weekends.

 Book Free Trial

 ### CLASSES

 ###### No Gi

 ###### The popular form of jiu-jitsu also known as submission grappling does not require a traditional uniform, because sometimes you need to be prepared to face an adversary who isn't wearing one.

 ###### Applied Jiu-Jitsu

 ###### Part self-defense, part MMA, all jiu-jitsu. Building the bridges between jiu-jitsu and practical self-defense, striking and takedowns.

 ###### Gi

 The original form of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu that revolutionized the martial arts world and proved in the early days of the UFC that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is essential to a well rounded martial artist.

 ###### Technical Foundations

 View training schedule

 ###### Teens & Adults: Start your journey here and build a solid foundation, learning the techniques and principles of jiu-jitsu without the risk of injury or the intimidating atmosphere of a competitive class. With special attention to injury prevention this class focuses 100% on the sharpening of techniques that can allow a smaller practitioner to overcome a larger opponent. These courses are "modern fundamentals", teaching advanced techniques in an extremely technical manner that benefits beginners and black belts alike. Perfect for everyone, in or out of shape, younger or older. Gi required.

 ###### Women's Self-Defense

 ###### Teens & Adults: Be empowered with the skills and confidence to protect yourself. Our Women's Jiu-Jitsu Self-Defense program is specifically designed to teach practical and effective skills that use technique, strategy and skill over brute strength. Whether you're a beginner or have previous martial arts experience, this class provides a supportive and safe learning environment for all skill levels.

 (213) 654-6432

 professor@jiu-jitsukaizen.com

 1101 Mission St. South Pasadena, CA 91030
