---
source_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com
final_url: https://jiu-jitsukaizen.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.830Z
---

# JOIN US ON THE MATS AND LEARN HOW TO FACE CHALLENGES WITH CONFIDENCE.

 # JOIN US ON THE MATS AND LEARN HOW TO FACE CHALLENGES WITH CONFIDENCE.

 Jiu Jitsu Kaizen is an academy dedicated to helping everyday people better themselves through jiu-jitsu training and a relentless focus on self-improvement. Jiu-jitsu teaches patience, humility, resilience and problem solving. We can help you unlock its many benefits, including improved fitness, increased confidence and effective self defense skills. Equally important, you will learn that you can accomplish far more than you think you are capable of.
 All levels of skill and fitness are welcome - we offer youth classes as well as gi, no gi and MMA training for adults. Day, evening and private sessions allow you to find training times that work with your schedule.
 Book a free, five day trial and try a few classes without any obligation. Uniform gis are provided to trial guests free of charge, and you don’t need to purchase any gear.

 Book Free Trial

 ##### Adult Classes

 ##### Youth Classes

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### /ˈkai.zen/

 ### Kaizen is a Japanese term meaning "continuous improvement". At Jiu Jitsu Kaizen, the words "Enduring Advancement" epitomizes our practice of kaizen. In short, we strive to advance toward continuous improvement in the face of obstacles and adversity.

 ### OUR METHOD

 Jiu Jitsu Kaizen's teaching techniques are based on proven methods for faster skill development, including the Ecological aka Constraint Lead Approach. All of our training incorporates four key principles, offering a complete path to excelling in your jiu-jitsu training journey.
 Strong fundamentals : Build a solid foundation of technically sound positions, techniques and movements from which students can grow and expand their jiu-jitsu skills, regardless of their rank or experience level.
 Understand the why : Teach concepts, not just memorized techniques. Establish a deeper understanding of jiu-jitsu by ensuring that students understand the "why" as well as the "how".
 Personalized development : Recognize that each student's training needs are unique. Provide student specific coaching, helping every student to have a clear understanding of how they can improve their jiu-jitsu skills and advance.
 Train safely : Train for the long haul. Mitigate injuries by practicing mental and physical control in every facet of training.

 Jiu Jitsu Kaizen’s culture is built on hard work not hype, humility not ego, challenges not complacency. Every student, beginner or advanced, is a member of our Kaizen training family. Our family takes care of each other by training carefully, offering encouragement and sharing knowledge to help others grow. All members, regardless of rank or age, are expected to treat others with respect and maintain a positive attitude.

 (213) 654-6432

 professor@jiu-jitsukaizen.com

 1101 Mission St. South Pasadena, CA 91030
