---
source_url: https://renzogracieeaston.com
final_url: https://renzogracieeaston.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:01.612Z
---

## Unlock $500 of Jiu Jitsu membership savings by filling out this form!

 Take advantage of our EXCLUSIVE offer and begin your journey today! Contact us now for more details on how you or your child can embark on this transformative training experience at Easton Pennsylvania

 Let’s get started

 # Claim your complimentary Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class in Easton now.

 Ensure your place and begin your journey of brazilian jiu jitsu at Easton Pennsylvania!

 Let’s get started

 ## The Rich History and Origins of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) has become one of the most popular and effective martial arts worldwide, but its roots are deep and fascinating. The story of BJJ is a tale of tradition, innovation, and adaptation, blending ancient techniques with modern insights to create a unique and powerful fighting style……

 Read More

 ## Our Programs

 ## Kid's BJJ

 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of confidence, discipline, and self-defense!

 View Program

 ## Adult BJJ

 Get in the best shape of your life with our Jiu-Jitsu classes. Be You & Your family’s own first responder!

 View Program

 ## WHY CHOOSE US?

 Team Renzo Gracie

 ### GOALS Your goals are our priority. We tailor our BJJ programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 ### COMMUNITY Prepare to defend yourself in any situation with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu – go beyond traditional martial arts and learn how to defend yourself and protect your family.

 ### Instruction Our professional instructors are at your disposal! Our instructors’ prioritize ensuring that all classes are unique, fun, and safe.

 Build character and Leadership qualities

 ## Discipline & confidence!

 Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.

 View Program

 Build character and Leadership qualities

 ## Customer says

 Renzo Gracie Easton
 5.0 Based on 5 reviews
 powered by G o o g l e
 review us on

 Emmett Smith 01:42 14 Jan 25

 This was my first experience with bjj and I really wasn’t sure what to expect. But man, every professor has been awesome and super patient with me. I felt welcomed even though I didn’t know (still don’t know) what the hell I’m doing 😅. I can’t recommend this place enough. I always leave feeling great and all of my classmates have been solid too. Come sign up!

 Andrew Mai Osborne 01:06 04 Jan 25

 I’ve been training at Renzo Gracie Easton and it’s been an incredible experience for both my health and overall wellness. The instructors truly go above and beyond to ensure that every student understands the drills and masters proper form. Their attention to detail and patient guidance make learning both accessible and rewarding, no matter your skill level.

 Joe Maydan 03:56 07 Dec 24

 Brandon Vetere 16:43 15 Oct 24

 Jiu jitsu changed my life. Training under Professor George Sernack was one of the greatest decisions I’ve ever made. Proud to have been with him and the Renzo Gracie team for the past 5 years. He provides an awesome environment and culture where you’ll make life long friendships while learning world class level jiu jitsu.

 Vincent Bruzzese 16:08 15 Oct 24

 I have been training Renzo Gracie Jiu Jitsu for the past 15 years under the tutelage and care of Professor George Sernack. I attribute my success, not only within the martial arts, but in life to almost all of what that man and his team have taught and instilled in me. You owe it to yourself to make Renzo Gracie Easton your home for your Jiu Jitsu Training!

 Get fit while learning martial arts

 ## Improve flexibility, balance, and strength

 Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone.
 Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in Jiu Jitsu martial arts classes today!

 View Program

 ## Reserve your free Jiu Jitsu class in Easton.

 Secure your spot and get started!

 Let’s get started
