---
source_url: http://thirdwayjiujitsu.com/programs
final_url: https://www.thirdwayjiujitsu.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:26.719Z
---

# OUR PROGRAMS

 CONTACT US TO SCHEDULE YOUR FREE CLASS

 GET IN TOUCH
 GET IN TOUCH

 ### All Levels Classes

 In these classes, we explore basic to advanced techniques and concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Classes are equally divided between instruction and live sparring. Although designed for people with more experience, we encourage beginners to participate in these classes as well.

 ### Beginners Classes

 Our Beginners classes are tailored to newer students looking to build a solid foundation in the fundamentals of jiu jitsu. Fundamentals are essential because they work! Classes comprise lots of drilling to improve muscle memory and controlled positional sparring.

 ### Gi and No-Gi Training

 We believe training in the Gi (a more traditional martial arts uniform) and No-Gi (athletic clothing, preferably compression wear) is essential. Training in a Gi is the most realistic form of self-defense training because you can grab your opponents' clothing, and they can grab yours. It's also a much more diverse form of training with unlimited options. No-Gi training is more fast-paced and helps you learn to control your opponent without the benefit of gripping their clothing.

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu

 We love sharing the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with kids! We have seen the tremendous confidence boost kids have many times when they train with us. We help kids increase their mobility, learn to master their own bodies and discuss how to deal with bullies. Currently, we offer two kids programs:
 - 7 to 9-year olds (class full - ask about our waitlist) - 10-14-year-olds (class full - ask about our waitlist)

 ### Kickboxing

 Learn the exciting art of Muay Thai Kickboxing and get a great workout! Coach T.J. is a retired professional MMA fighter with expertise in several striking arts. We offer both Beginner’s and All Level’s kickboxing classes. These classes are open to all ages, but students must at least be in 7th grade or older. Be sure to schedule your free class soon!
