---
source_url: http://www.ijjatx.com/classes
final_url: https://www.ijjatx.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:31.877Z
---

# Our Class Offerings Discover the perfect class for your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey at IJJ Austin. We cater to all ages and experience levels, providing high-quality instruction in a safe and welcoming environment.

 Please Note: All trial class participants will be provided with a gi uniform for gi class days at no cost.
 Beginner's Adult BJJ:
 Designed for students aged 16 and older, this class focuses on fundamental Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques. The curriculum covers basic movements and positions that form the foundation for success in Jiu-Jitsu. Expect warm-ups, drills, technique repetitions, and specific training exercises.
 Uniform requirement: Jiu-Jitsu Gi (for Friday class),
 No Gi Uniform Requirement: Rash guard or dry fit shirt, exercise leggings, or MMA shorts (for Monday class)
 Adult BJJ:
 This all-levels class for students aged 16 and older includes warm-ups, drills, technique repetitions, and specific training exercises for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Uniform requirement: Jiu-Jitsu Gi
 Wrestling/Adult NoGi:
 Open to students aged 16 and older, this class focuses on grappling without a gi. Learn wrestling techniques, ground control, and self-defense skills in a class that features warm-ups, drilling, technique practice, and specific training exercises.
 Uniform Requirement: Rash guard or dry fit shirt, exercise leggings, or MMA shorts
 Live Training:
 Following all Adult classes, students can participate in optional "Live Training" sessions, where they practice sparring rounds (called "rolls") to enhance their learning and real-time technique application.
 Littles BJJ:
 Designed for children aged 4-6, this class helps young students develop coordination, basic Jiu-Jitsu movements, and positive behavior. Our focus is on making learning fun and engaging.
 Uniform Requirement: Jiu-Jitsu Gi
 Kids BJJ:
 In this class, children learn basic to advanced Jiu-Jitsu techniques according to their level and experience. Our approach combines drills, technique practice, and fun training games for an enjoyable learning experience.
 Uniform Requirement: Jiu-Jitsu Gi
 Advanced/Competition Kids BJJ:
 This fast-paced class is tailored for advanced students and competitors. Higher-level techniques are taught, and additional sparring time is provided. Instructor approval is required for attendance.
 Uniform Requirement: Jiu-Jitsu Gi
 Open Mat:
 These informal sessions allow students to train at their own pace, practice specific techniques, and connect with training partners. Choose between Gi or NoGi attire for your Open Mat experience.
 Uniform Requirements: Student choice of Gi or NoGi attire
