---
source_url: https://www.teamlinkwestfield.com
final_url: https://www.teamlinkwestfield.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:43.772Z
---

TRIAL CLASS

 ## SURROUND YOURSELF WITH THE PEOPLE WHO CHALLENGE, PUSH, AND MOTIVATE YOU!

 Unlock Your Potential at Team Link Westfield: Your Premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Mixed Martial Arts Academy in Western MA. We are dedicated to guiding your personal growth and development. Our mission is to help you set and conquer goals, whether it's mastering self-defense, improving fitness, shedding weight, or even embracing competition. Experience the transformative power of training alongside a diverse community encompassing all ages, sizes, and skill levels. At Team Link, there's no such thing as being too young or too old to achieve greatness. From Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for both adults and kids to our exhilarating MMA Cardio Kickboxing class, we offer a range of programs tailored to your needs.

 ### "The best decision I have made in recent years was walking into Team Link two years ago. I walked in to let off some steam and the rest is history. At Team Link, I found a sense of family, support, love, discipline, hard work, and good health. I came into Team Link weighing around 290 lbs and with the fun MMA Cardio Kickboxing and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes I was taking, I was able to get my weight down to around 210 lbs in a year. I give a lot of credit to the support, encouragement, everyone involved with Team Link is willing to give. Team Link is more than just a school. Its another home and the people are not just members, they are family. That's what Team Link is for me. " ### - Clifton Wright (BJJ Blue Belt - lost 80lbs - 27 years old)

 ### "Team Link is like a family. We support each other inside and outside the gym. It's a great environment where coaches push students and students learn to push themselves" ### - Margot Schocket-Green Cardio MMA Kickboxing student - 17 yrs old
 ### "My team has become my family. I've grown both mentally and physically at Team Link. I never expected to become a competitor or to lose enough weight to fight in a lower weight group. This is the first time in my life I had a concrete reason to get to a goal weight and it's working" - Jaime Ryznic BJJ Blue Belt - lost 80 lbs - 39 yrs old
 ### "I'm inspired more and more everyday and I can't thank everyone here enough for the training and the friendships. These are literally some of the best people for miles around and it's not even really a close competition." ### - Nate Garland ### BJJ White Belt - 24 yrs old
 ### "The coaches here are amazing. I always get an awesome workout and learn new skills. It is a super supportive family / community. I love training here and my kids love it here too. Thank you Team Link" ### - Janeen Connor ### Cardio MMA Kickboxing student - 37 yrs old
 ### "Team Link is a great place to learn. Everyone is eager to share their time and knowledge and I always feel safe and welcomed." - Brian Ellis Black Belt under Marco Alvan - 52 yrs old

 #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU FOR ADULTS & KIDS #### NO GI JIU JITSU FOR ADULTS #### MMA CARDIO KICKBOXING
 #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU FOR ADULTS & KIDS #### NO GI JIU JITSU FOR ADULTS #### MMA CARDIO KICKBOXING
 ## CONTACT TEAM LINK WESTFIELD

 Wondering about the schedule, prices, memberships, coaches, programs, private lessons etc?

 Want instant answers?

 Please click the button for the specific program below.

 ADULT BJJ
 MMA CARDIO KICKBOXING
 KIDS BJJ
