---
source_url: https://upgradedindustries.com
final_url: https://upgradedindustries.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:12.284Z
---

###### Unleash Your Potential

 # BUILT FOR RESULTs From MMA and personal training to 24/7 gym access, UGI is where serious fitness goals become reality.

 Train at The PIT

 ###### About Us

 ### Fitness is our foundation From firefighter to fitness facility owner, DJ built UGI to support every level of athlete with full-service coaching and recovery.

 Train at The PIT

 ###### Classes

 ## Train with true intensity

 #### 24/7 Fitness Level up with high-performance HIIT, MMA, and functional training programs.

 #### JIU-JITSU + MMA Roll, strike, and grow with world-class combat sports instruction.

 #### POWERFUL BOXING Push your limits in cardio-heavy, technique-driven boxing classes.

 ###### Membership Plans

 ## Choose the membership that fits you

 ### Standard Membership (1 Year Agreement)
 $ 55 Every Month
 - 24/7 GYM Access - $5 Off Classes
 Click Here Sign Up Today

 ### Gold Package (Paid in Full, includes 1 Free Month)
 $ 525 Yearly
 - 1 Free Month - 24/7 GYM Access - $5 Off Classes
 Click Here Sign Up Today

 Popular

 ### College Student (1 Year Agreement)
 $ 25 Monthly
 - 24/7 GYM Access
 Click Here Sign Up Today

 ###### Join Today

 ## Choose the membership that fits you Start with monthly or annual plans — college rates, classes, and 24/7 access available.

 Start Your Journey

 ###### Testimonials

 ## What our members have to say

 ###### Gallery

 ## Where intensity meets community and passion fuels progress.

 ###### Our Trainers

 ## Meet the team that drives results

 #### DJ (Owner) Firefighter, Paramedic, Coach – UGI Founder

 #### Combat Coaches Specialists in Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Boxing & Wrestling

 #### Wellness Pros On-site Physical & Massage Therapy Experts

 ###### Join Today

 ## Train with the best. Become your best. No matter your level, Upgraded Industries is built for transformation. Join the community and crush your goals.

 Start Your Journey

 ## contact us

 ### Find us Here 7673 Saint Clair Avenue, Mentor, OH 44060

 ### Get In touch 440) 510-8246
 sales@upgradedindustries.com

 ### Training Hours Mon- Fri: 9am- 6pm
 Saturday: 10am-4pm
 Members 24/7 Access

 ## Take the first step, we will take care for the rest

 First Name
 Phone Number
 Email
 LET’S TALK
