---
source_url: http://www.stmarysbjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://stmarysbjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:30.347Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in St. Mary's County ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from St. Mary's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With St. Mary's County's Best Kids Martial Arts Classes! Here at St. Mary's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we're proud to offer kids from Callaway, California and beyond the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu-Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Martial Arts program for ages 5 to 15 is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Martial Arts Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at St. Mary's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Martial Arts techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Callaway for Kids Martial Arts classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Martial Arts class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try St. Mary County's Favorite Kids Martial Arts Classes Today! Kids Martial Arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we're offering children from around Callaway, California, and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at St. Mary's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about Kids Martial Arts!
 Get more information now!

 ## Build Confidence with SMBJJ Request information

 I am kicking myself for not joining sooner! This gym truly stands out as a five-star gem in every aspect.
 I popped in to see if this would be a good fit for my feral five year old and neurodivergent seven year old with motor skill delays. The moment I stepped foot into St. Mary’s BJJ, I was warmly greeted by Ian. He took the time to understand my goals and concerns, ensuring that my children’s journey in BJJ would be both enjoyable and rewarding. He was right! My girls are loving BJJ and their coaches! The instructors here are exceptional, possessing a deep passion for their craft while having the ability (and patience!) to effectively communicate and teach the techniques. My husband and I were so impressed that we ended up joining too!
 What I love most about St. Mary’s BJJ is their commitment to creating a comfortable and supportive space. They have fostered a culture of respect and encouragement, where everyone, regardless of gender, age, or skill level, feels welcome and valued. The instructors have a remarkable ability to adapt their teaching methods to accommodate the unique needs of each individual, encouraging them to progress at their own pace.
 Not only does St. Mary’s BJJ focus on technical proficiency, but they also emphasize the values of discipline, respect, and perseverance (1% better every day!). These lessons extend beyond the mat, shaping the character of their students and instilling lifelong values that will benefit them both on and off the training floor.
 If you're looking to learn in an environment that fosters growth, empowerment, and camaraderie, look no further than St. Mary’s BJJ.

 SMBJJ was an absolute God-send to me and my family. We stumbled upon this great gym two years ago during a difficult time for our family. What started off as something to do to get my mind off of things turned into a passion that my family and I absolutely love! Me, my son, and two of my daughters train there and we love it! The adult and kids classes are incredible! The coaches and instructors are amazing and the environment created there feels like family. My family and I have already built some amazing friendships while training there that now extend to outside of the gym. We love SMBJJ and we couldn’t imagine training anywhere else.

 Such an amazing group of people to train with. Fun, safe, and family friendly. My kids look forward to going to class every week and come home exhausted with smiles on their faces. Adult classes are the same, hard work, lots of fun, and open to anyone at any skill level. Great place to start your BJJ journey.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
