---
source_url: http://www.stmarysbjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://stmarysbjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:30.656Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in St. Mary's County ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from St. Mary's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Callaway Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu right here in Callaway! Our Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu-Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Callaway will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 St. Mary's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program offers two classes, an Intro to BJJ class and an Intermediate class ! Our classes are inclusive and prioritize your safety, so you can be comfortable as a beginner or as an experienced member.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with St. Mary's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Build Confidence with SMBJJ Request information

 I am kicking myself for not joining sooner! This gym truly stands out as a five-star gem in every aspect.
 I popped in to see if this would be a good fit for my feral five year old and neurodivergent seven year old with motor skill delays. The moment I stepped foot into St. Mary’s BJJ, I was warmly greeted by Ian. He took the time to understand my goals and concerns, ensuring that my children’s journey in BJJ would be both enjoyable and rewarding. He was right! My girls are loving BJJ and their coaches! The instructors here are exceptional, possessing a deep passion for their craft while having the ability (and patience!) to effectively communicate and teach the techniques. My husband and I were so impressed that we ended up joining too!
 What I love most about St. Mary’s BJJ is their commitment to creating a comfortable and supportive space. They have fostered a culture of respect and encouragement, where everyone, regardless of gender, age, or skill level, feels welcome and valued. The instructors have a remarkable ability to adapt their teaching methods to accommodate the unique needs of each individual, encouraging them to progress at their own pace.
 Not only does St. Mary’s BJJ focus on technical proficiency, but they also emphasize the values of discipline, respect, and perseverance (1% better every day!). These lessons extend beyond the mat, shaping the character of their students and instilling lifelong values that will benefit them both on and off the training floor.
 If you're looking to learn in an environment that fosters growth, empowerment, and camaraderie, look no further than St. Mary’s BJJ.

 SMBJJ was an absolute God-send to me and my family. We stumbled upon this great gym two years ago during a difficult time for our family. What started off as something to do to get my mind off of things turned into a passion that my family and I absolutely love! Me, my son, and two of my daughters train there and we love it! The adult and kids classes are incredible! The coaches and instructors are amazing and the environment created there feels like family. My family and I have already built some amazing friendships while training there that now extend to outside of the gym. We love SMBJJ and we couldn’t imagine training anywhere else.

 Such an amazing group of people to train with. Fun, safe, and family friendly. My kids look forward to going to class every week and come home exhausted with smiles on their faces. Adult classes are the same, hard work, lots of fun, and open to anyone at any skill level. Great place to start your BJJ journey.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
