---
source_url: https://www.groundworksbjj.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.groundworksbjj.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:46.454Z
---

# Empowering Kids in Washington, DC: Kids Jiu-Jitsu at Groundworks BJJ
 ## Confidence, Self-Defense, Fitness, Fun!
 Get a Free Trial Class

 ## Why Choose Kids Jiu-Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is more than just a martial art—it's a tool for growing confidence, discipline, and respect in young minds. Groundworks BJJ in Washington DC, specializes in nurturing these values through our Kids Jiu-Jitsu program. Discover why BJJ is the perfect choice for your child:​

 - Physical Fitness and Coordination: BJJ promotes a healthy lifestyle and improves physical fitness. Your child will enhance their coordination, flexibility, and strength, engaging in exercises that support their development.

 - Boosted Self-confidence and Discipline: Through the practice of BJJ, children learn to set and achieve goals, building a foundation of self-respect and discipline. These lessons in perseverance and resilience are invaluable throughout life.

 - Anti-bullying Skills and Self-defense: Our program equips children with the knowledge to protect themselves and stand up against bullying. Learning BJJ fosters a sense of security and confidence in handling various situations.

 - Teamwork and Social Skills: BJJ is a journey taken together. Students learn the importance of teamwork and develop lasting friendships, all while learning to respect their peers and instructors.

 - Safety First: The safety of our students is our utmost priority. Our instructors are experts in teaching control and submission techniques and ensuring a safe, supportive learning environment.

 Compared to other activities, BJJ offers personalized attention and practical skills that empower children far beyond the mat. It's not just about physical strength; it's about shaping young minds for lifelong success.

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsu Program Details
 Ages
 ​
 7 - 12

 Class Schedule

 Tues & Thurs - 4:15pm - 5pm
 ​
 Sat - 9am - 9:45am

 Pricing
 ​
 $150 / mo

 To get started, sign your child up for a free class

 Get a Free Trial Class
