---
source_url: https://www.groundworksbjj.com
final_url: https://www.groundworksbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:46.586Z
---

# THE PREMIERE BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU ACADEMY IN BETHESDA, MD
 GET YOUR FREE TRIAL!
 (240) 905-4300

 ## ABOUT US

 Welcome to Groundworks Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, the top destination for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), self-defense, and martial arts training in Bethesda and the DC metro area. Whether you're a total beginner, an athlete looking to level-up, or a parent searching for practical and positive activities for your kids, you've found the right place.
 ​
 At Groundworks BJJ, we offer a complete martial arts experience with:
 ​
 - Adult BJJ Classes (Gi & No-Gi) - Beginner-Friendly Training - Self-Defense Focus - Kids Martial Arts and Youth BJJ - Competition Level Classes

 ### WHAT IS BJJ?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, or BJJ, is a grappling-based martial art that teaches leverage and technique so a smaller person can control and submit a larger opponent. It's a powerful self-defense art and a fantastic full-body workout. It's effectiveness has been proven in real world applications as well as sports like the UFC.

 Learn more about BJJ →

 ### IS BJJ FOR ME?
 Beginner? Perfect --we're here to help. Our introductory classes are designed for students with zero experience. We'll walk you through basic movements, foundational concepts, games with a clear objective, and also live sparring.
 ​
 Every student is welcomed with a supportive teaching approach - you go at your own pace
 Schedule your free intro class →

 ### KIDS PROGRAM
 Our Kids program helps teach children self defense, confidence, and discipline. We describe our program as being a mix between martial arts and a competitive sports program (like wrestling).

 Our current kids program is from ages 7-12. Come try a class for free to get them started on their jiu jitsu journey! ​

 Learn about our kids program →

 ## FAQ
 ## What should I wear my first class? ## ​ ​ Wear athletic clothing, ideally with no pockets or zippers. If you have a rash gaurd and shorts that is great, if not a t-shirt is fine too.

 ## Do you offer trial classes?​ ## ​ Yes! Every new students gets a free introductory class to give you a broad overview of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, as well as introduce you into how or classes are structured. All of our introductory classes are done with one of our blackbelt instructors.

 ## How are your classes structured?​ ## ​ We use a games-based training method (constraints-led approach rooted in ecological dynamics) where students learn through guided sparring situations rather than just drilling moves. This helps develop real grappling skills like timing, balance, and problem-solving in a way that’s fun, effective, and applicable in live training.

 ## Do you allow drop ins from other gyms?​ ## ​ Yes! Please reach out and let us know you're coming, but we love having drop ins. We do not charge a drop in fee

 ## Member Testimonials
 "I’ve been training at Groundworks for a couple of months now, and I can confidently say it’s one of the best BJJ gyms around! The instructors are incredibly knowledgeable, and have a passion for teaching that truly shows.
 They focus not only on technique but also on building a supportive and positive atmosphere where everyone, regardless of skill level, feels welcome and motivated.The training environment is great, clean mats, and all the equipment you need to succeed.
 The community here is amazing — everyone is so friendly and open to help each other improve. Whether you're a complete beginner (like me) or an advanced practitioner, there's always something new to learn.I’ve seen huge improvements in my skills, and confidence since joining. If you're looking for a place that feels like a second family while also providing world-class BJJ training, this is the gym for you! Highly recommend!"

 ### Juliana F.
 "One of the most friendly and supportive gyms & communities I've ever been to. The instructors are great and use Ecological Dynamics in their teaching, which means the classes are extremely effective for skill development, incredibly approachable for beginners, and challenging for more advanced competitors, all at the same time.
 There's a number of black belts around, and they're all very friendly, down to earth, and helpful. They also have showers, which is a huge plus. Proud to train here."

 ### Bren V.
 "Fantastic BJJ instruction for kids and adults of all levels, plus a great and welcoming community!
 Training at Groundworks has been a huge positive for the whole family. The instructors are knowledgeable, friendly, and unassuming, and the classes are well-run and very practically focused—no wasted time."

 ### Edward P.
 READ MORE REVIEWS ON GOOGLE
