---
source_url: https://www.northsouthjj.com
final_url: https://www.northsouthjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:42.892Z
---

- -

 - HOME - TRAINING KIDS COMPETITION KIDS ADULTS - SCHEDULE
 X

 - INSTRUCTORS - FACILITY - CONTACT
 X

 - Home - Classes Adults Kids Kids Competition - Instructors Professor Rodrigo Professor Monique Jonathan Becker Jaden Becker - Facility - Schedule - Book Your Class - Contact Us
 X

 # WORLD-CLASS JIU JITSU IN RICHARDSON, TX

 Train. Excel. Grow.

 Book Your Class

 ##### Programs For All Ages & Skill Levels

 ### Our Jiu Jitsu Programs

 #### Adults Program

 Our Adults Program was crafted to improve your Jiu Jitsu knowledge, skill set, and overall coordination making you more effective competitor on and off the mat.

 Learn More

 #### Kids Program

 Students in the Kids Program will receive an in-depth overview of Jiu Jitsu and the techniques that create a solid foundation for them to build from in the future.

 Learn More

 ##### Live a Life You've Always Wanted

 ### How Can We Help You Grow?

 ##### Strength/Fitness

 Build fitness, strength, and endurance through dynamic, high-energy training sessions.

 ##### Self-Defense

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a great skill set to have when you need to defend yourself, regardless of whether you’re big or small.

 ##### Self-Confidence

 If you’re tired of letting low self-esteem stop you from doing great things in life, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a great way of mastering your mind.

 ##### Discipline

 Are you in a losing battle with distractions and poor choices? The art of BJJ will help guide you to victory.

 Book Your Class

 ##### Located in Richardson

 ### Meet North South Jiu Jitsu

 The goal at North South Jiu Jitsu is to give you the best training and instruction to help you grow. Regardless of whether you’re a complete beginner or have been practicing Jiu Jitsu for many years, we have programs specifically created for you.
 Our school is different because we’ve invested heavily into the gym, culture, and coaches that you’ll be working with. This needed to be a place where we all work together to improve – because that’s how we all succeed! The best in the world didn’t train solo, they had people around them to develop new ideas and techniques. We welcome questions here at North South and always strive to push each other to try new things.
 If you’re looking for a new way to improve your mobility, fitness, health, and be a part of a solid group of like minded people who want to become better, we’d love to talk with you!

 Book Your Class

 ##### A Gym & Culture Made To Help You Grow

 ### Check Out The Gym

 - Nearly 2600 sq feet of mat space - Climate Control Foam Insulation - Dimmable LED lighting - 10’ Big Ass Fan - 5 Dressing Rooms - 3 Bathrooms - 2 Showers - Plenty of Seating - Video Surveillance - Pro Soundsystem

 Learn More

 ### READY TO START YOUR JIU JITSU JOURNEY?

 Learn the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and improve your health, self-confidence, discipline, and self-defense in the process!

 Book Your Class

 We will not share your opt-in to an SMS campaign with any third party for purposes unrelated to providing you with the services of that campaign. We may share your Personal Data, including your SMS opt-in or consent status, with third parties that help us provide our messaging services, including but not limited to platform providers, phone companies, and any other vendors who assist us in the delivery of text messages.

 North South Jiu Jitsu
