---
source_url: https://defiantjiujitsu.com/schedule/
final_url: https://defiantjiujitsu.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:19.436Z
---

# Class Schedule ##### Find a Class That Fits Your Schedule Finding the right time to train is key to building consistency and progress in Jiu-Jitsu. At Defiant Jiu-Jitsu, we offer a variety of classes throughout the week to fit your schedule, whether you’re looking for kids’ classes, adult fundamentals, advanced training, or open mat sessions. No matter your experience level, there’s a place for you on the mat—just find a time that works and get ready to train!
 Our Open Mat times are FREE to all!
 Download Our Schedule

 #### Welcome To ### Defiant Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Try Our Free Trial Today Curious about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? There’s no better way to get started than jumping in for a free class! Come experience our training, meet our instructors, and see what makes Defiant Jiu-Jitsu the right place for you. Grab your spot today and step onto the mat with confidence!

 Join Now ##### Try a Free Class ×

 #### Find a Class That Fits ### Your Schedule
 Your Jiu-Jitsu journey starts with showing up. Choose a class, mark your calendar, and take the next step toward building skill, confidence, and strength. Whether you’re trying a free class, joining as a member, or scheduling personal training, we’re here to help you succeed. See you on the mat!

 ## Sign Up and Start Training Take the next step in your Jiu-Jitsu journey by becoming a member! With flexible membership options and no long-term commitments, it’s never been easier to train, grow, and be part of our community. Join today and get started on your path to strength, skill, and success!

 Purchase Membership ##### choose the membership plan that works for you! ×

 ## Contact Us Today! Defiant Jiu-Jitsu invites everyone in Woodbury and those in and near the St. Paul and Oakdale communities to join us. We are located near the Tamarack village just off Tamarack road!

 651-392-5750

 8160 Coller Way Ste E Woodbury, MN 55125
