---
source_url: https://defiantjiujitsu.com/jiu-jitsu-free-trial/
final_url: https://defiantjiujitsu.com/jiu-jitsu-free-trial/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:20.216Z
---

# Jiu-Jitsu Free Trial ### Defiant Jiu-Jitsu
 SIGN UP TODAY

 ##### Free Trial Sign Up ×

 ### Why Jiu-Jitsu? For children and adults, Jiu-Jitsu is a great way to tackle a variety of goals.
 Full Body Workout: Jiu-Jitsu builds strength, cardio and endurance, and is a workout you will enjoy.
 Mental Workout: Jiu-Jitsu forces you to stay calm under pressure, think critically and problem solve on the fly, and overcome challenges.
 Stress ⬇️, Confidence ⬆️: Training Jiu-Jitsu will simultaneously relieve stress and increase your confidence.
 Community: We’ve built a positive, welcoming and tight-knit community where you will find belonging on day 1.

 Sign Up
 ##### Free Trial Class ×

 ### What To Expect At Defiant Jiu-Jitsu Our goal is to provide the best possible Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu experience for each individual student who comes through our doors. When you train with us, you can expect:
 - Individualized coaching and training - Hands-on instruction - Experienced, knowledgeable coaches who LOVE Jiu-Jitsu - Support and guidance to achieve your goals - Join a tight-knit community / Make new friends -

 Try Jiu-Jitsu Today
 ##### Free Trial Class ×

 ### NEW YEAR, NEW GOALS Kick off 2026 by joining Defiant Jiu-Jitsu and save big!
 ▪️ NEW MEMBER SPECIAL – 3 Months of Jiu-Jitsu Classes & Gear for only $350!
 ▪️15% Off 6-Month & 12-Month Contracts
 ▪️ Buy 12 Personal Training Sessions, Get 12 Free
 Reach out to our team to learn more about these 2026 specials!

 Request More Info
 ##### ×

 ### Our BJJ Programs Whether you prefer the traditional control of Gi Jiu-Jitsu or the fast-paced intensity of No-Gi Submission Grappling, our program offers the best of both worlds.
 Training in the gi emphasizes grips, leverage, and technical precision, while No-Gi focuses on fluid movement, wrestling-based takedowns, and rapid transitions.
 Both styles build strong fundamentals, improve adaptability, and enhance your overall grappling skills.
 - Youth Ages 5-15

 - Adults 16+

 Claim Free Trial
 ##### Free Trial Class ×

 ### We Offer Personal Training, Too! For those looking for a customized approach to fitness, our personal training sessions offer one-on-one coaching tailored to your specific goals.
 Whether you want to improve your strength for Jiu-Jitsu, enhance your overall fitness, or work on injury prevention, our expert trainers will create a plan that fits your needs.
 No matter your starting point, we’re here to help you build strength, endurance, and confidence through personalized training.

 Learn More
 ##### Personal Training Interest ×

 ### Learn More About Defiant Jiu-Jitsu We are a top-tier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school that welcomes everyone.
 Students are empowered through learning self-defense, improving their fitness, and building skills for competition while becoming proficient in BJJ, Grappling and Submission Wrestling.
 We encourage all ages and skill levels to train, offering programs tailored to meet a wide set of students’ goals – from character development in kids’ classes, technique refinement for adults, and empowerment and support at women’s-only events.
 Join us as we strive to unlock your full potential on and off the mat through resilience, respect, and the relentless pursuit of excellence!

 BJJ Free Trial
 ##### Free Trial Class ×

 ## Take Advantage of a Free Trial! All new students can try a class for free!
 Come experience our training, meet our instructors, and see what makes Defiant Jiu-Jitsu the right place for you.

 Try BJJ for Free ##### Try BJJ for Free ×

 8160 Coller Way, Ste E
 Woodbury, MN 55125
 651-392-5750
