---
source_url: https://defiantjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://defiantjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:21.340Z
---

# Summer Camp 2026: Early Bird Discount!
 Sign Up Today!

 ##### take your first step toward confidence ×

 #### Welcome To ### Defiant Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to Defiant Jiu-Jitsu in Woodbury, Minnesota! We are a top-tier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school that welcomes everyone. Students are empowered through learning self-defense, improving their fitness, and building skills for competition while becoming proficient in BJJ, Grappling, and Submission Wrestling. We encourage all ages and skill levels to train, offering programs tailored to meet a wide set of students’ goals – from character development in kids’ classes, technique refinement for adults, and empowerment and support at women’s-only events. Join us as we strive to unlock your full potential on and off the mat through resilience, respect, and the relentless pursuit of excellence!

 ## Try Our Free Trial Today Curious about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? There’s no better way to get started than jumping in for a free class! Come experience our training, meet our instructors, and see what makes Defiant Jiu-Jitsu the right place for you. Grab your spot today and step onto the mat with confidence!

 Join Now ##### Try a Free Class ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 ### About Defiant Jiu-Jitsu

 #### About Our School We aim to provide the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu experience possible at Defiant Jiu-Jitsu. As each student joins our community, we hope everyone grows and falls in love with the sport just as we have. Each student’s training is individualized as they go through their Jiu-Jitsu journey. We apply a hands-on approach during instruction that supports fitness goals and allows students to truly enjoy themselves. The high-quality instruction and culture also comes with great opportunities to improve your skills outside of normal class. We host frequent open mat opportunities, have guest seminars, and women’s-only events. Everything we offer is for you to enjoy your time and become your best self at Defiant Jiu-Jitsu!
 #### Our History Defiant Jiu-Jitsu’s doors opened to the Woodbury community in late 2024. Owners Dave Margraf and Kenzie Swartz established a school that is truly theirs to bring the local community together through Jiu-Jitsu. Dave has trained for over 20 years and nearly a decade as an instructor, earning his black belt in 2016, winning multiple IBJJF competitions during that time. In addition to running our youth program at Defiant, Kenzie is a certified personal trainer with a Bachelor’s degree in kinesiology (exercise science) and a minor in sports coaching. She offers personal training for general fitness and specializes in programming tailored to Jiu-Jitsu athletes. With all their experience supporting them, Dave and Kenzie have built a strong culture where positivity grows through camaraderie and encouragement between students and instructors.

 #### We Defy Foundation Training Facility Defiant Jiu-Jitsu is proudly certified as a We Defy Foundation Training Facility. We stand with the WDF in their mission to provide combat veterans coping with military-connected disabilities a long-term means to overcome their challenges through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and fitness training. Through this partnership, we are committed to supporting veterans on their journey, offering a welcoming environment where they can train, grow, and find strength in our community.

 ### Sign Up for Summer Camp! Learn Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense skills, make new friends and HAVE FUN at Defiant Jiu-Jitsu’s Summer Camp!
 Open to all kids ages 5-12.

 Sign Up Today

 ### Meet The Defiant Team ##### Passionate, experienced, and dedicated to your growth—our instructors are here to guide you every step of the way. At Defiant Jiu-Jitsu, our team is more than just coaches—we’re mentors, training partners, and supporters of your journey on and off the mat. With years of experience in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, competition, and fitness, our instructors bring a wealth of knowledge and a hands-on approach to every class. Whether you’re stepping onto the mat for the first time or refining advanced techniques, we’re here to help you build confidence, skill, and a love for Jiu-Jitsu.

 ##### Dave Margraf ###### Head Instructor

 ##### Kenzie Margraf ###### Head Youth Instructor/Personal Trainer

 ## Find Your Perfect Class Time Ready to train? Check out our class schedule and find a session that fits your routine. Whether you’re looking for BJJ fundamentals, advanced techniques, or open mat time, we have options for all skill levels. Plan your visit today and take the next step in your Jiu-Jitsu journey!

 View Schedule

 #### Learn More About Our ### Programs
 Defiant Jiu-Jitsu offers classes for all your Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Grappling, and Submission Wrestling interests. Our Jiu-Jitsu Gi and Submission Grappling (No Gi) class offer kids BJJ (5-15) and adult BJJ (16+). In addition to our BJJ programs, we also offer personal training, catering to general fitness as well as specialized programming for Jiu-Jitsu athletes. Join us on the mat for all your youth activities, family activities, fitness, personal training, strength and conditioning, self-defense, and competition needs!

 #### Jiu-Jitsu Gi & Submission Grappling (No-Gi) Whether you prefer the traditional control of Gi Jiu-Jitsu or the fast-paced intensity of No-Gi Submission Grappling, our program offers the best of both worlds. Training in the gi emphasizes grips, leverage, and technical precision, while No-Gi focuses on fluid movement, wrestling-based takedowns, and rapid transitions. Both styles build strong fundamentals, improve adaptability, and enhance your overall grappling skills. No matter your preference, our expert instruction and structured classes will help you develop a well-rounded Jiu-Jitsu game.

 - Youth Ages 5-15 - Adults 16+

 #### Personal Training For those looking for a customized approach to fitness, our personal training sessions offer one-on-one coaching tailored to your specific goals. Whether you want to improve your strength for Jiu-Jitsu, enhance your overall fitness, or work on injury prevention, our expert trainers will create a plan that fits your needs. No matter your starting point, we’re here to help you build strength, endurance, and confidence through personalized training.

 ### What Our Students have to Say The heart of Defiant Jiu-Jitsu is our community—built on trust, growth, and a shared passion for the art. But don’t just take our word for it! Hear from our students about their experiences, the impact of training, and how Jiu-Jitsu has helped them grow both on and off the mat.

 Previous “Professor Dave was great, very welcoming and class was fun.”

 Justin Berg
 Google

 “Amazing gym. Coach Dave is a professional who truly loves the sport. I highly recommend Defiant to any and all!”

 Daniel Rogers
 Google

 “Great place to train!”

 Tim Noelbadee
 Google

 Next

 ## Sign Up and Start Training Take the next step in your Jiu-Jitsu journey by becoming a member! With flexible membership options and no long-term commitments, it’s never been easier to train, grow, and be part of our community. Join today and get started on your path to strength, skill, and success!

 Purchase Membership ##### choose the membership plan that works for you! ×

 ## Contact Us Today! Defiant Jiu-Jitsu invites everyone in Woodbury and those in and near the St. Paul and Oakdale communities to join us. We are located near the Tamarack village just off Tamarack road!

 651-392-5750

 8160 Coller Way Ste E Woodbury, MN 55125
