---
source_url: http://rexburgbjj.com/what-is-jiu-jitsu.html
final_url: https://www.rexburgbjj.com/what-is-jiu-jitsu.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:57.005Z
---

- Home - What is Jiu-Jitsu? - Philosophy - Programs - Portal - More Locations Schedule a visit Questions/Answers

 Menu

 | Jiu-Jitsu:​A Completely Different Experience.

 Jiu-jitsu is different from other martial arts. Rather than focusing on punching or kicking, Jiu-jitsu practitioners subdue their attackers using takedowns, control holds, and submissions. They rely on technique and leverage instead of strength and speed. Taking this approach has many advantages. Practitioners can do as little or as much harm as necessary to stop the attack. And smaller, weaker, or older defenders can stop stronger / more athletic opponents. In short, Jiu-Jitsu works.

 Jiu-jitsu allows good-guys to stop bad-guys without causing unnecessary harm and without getting themselves hurt. When Jiu-jitsu students defend themselves, the effective and non-violent methods used help them avoid many of the legal and ethical issues that a violent response can bring. It makes size and strength much less of a factor and allows students to practice with full resistance. This way, students don't end up being taught techniques that work fine in class, but fail to work when it really counts.
 ## REALISTIC Self-Defense There are many reasons that Jiu-Jitsu has become so popular in the United States and the rest of the world. ​ Since Gracie Jiu-Jitsu was introduced into the United States almost 30 years ago, it has become recognized by many as the most proven martial art in the world. It has been adopted as the basis for nearly every law enforcement and military training program in America. With its emphasis on leverage, control, and technique, it has become famous across the globe for allowing its practitioners to defeat much larger and stronger opponents while causing as little harm as possible. In short, Jiu-jitsu is realistic and it works!

 Most Jiu-jitsu students begin their training in search of fitness, self-defense training, or something similar. They quickly find that the benefits of Jiu-jitsu go far beyond their time training. Sure, they get in shape and learn to defend themselves, but if you ask the average Jiu-jitsu student what their favorite part of Jiu-jitsu is and you will hear about friendship, stress relief, and becoming a better person. The lessons we learn together on the mats quickly bleed into the rest of our lives. Perspective changes and what we thought was just a healthy outlet quickly becomes a life-changing experience.
 ​
 ## Why Train Jiu-Jitsu? Jiu-Jitsu really is the best of all worlds. It is effective, healthy, and an absolute blast! Students get in shape, lose weight, tone up, build lasting relationships, develop self-control, and learn the most practical self-defense method on the planet. It truly is unlike anything else out there. If you have any doubts that it is everything we promise it to be, please come visit the Academy. We would love to meet you.
 SCHEDULE A VISIT
