---
source_url: http://rexburgbjj.com
final_url: https://www.rexburgbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:57.304Z
---

- Home - What is Jiu-Jitsu? - Philosophy - Programs - Portal - More Locations Schedule a visit Questions/Answers

 Menu

 | |

 ## WELCOME TOSOMA JIU-JITSU ACADEMY SOMA JIU-JITSU ACADEMY is a family centered, self-defense academy designed for ages four and up. Originally established in Idaho Falls in 1994, The Academy has been working with men, women, and children in East Idaho for 30 years.

 JIU-JITSU is a challenging workout that not only strengthens your body but also sharpens your mind. At SOMA Academy, we are committed to unlocking the full potential of each and every student. Our name comes from the Greek word sōma, which means body, and Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most effective forms of martial art and earliest forms of exercise for a complete physical and mental workout.

 AT SOMA ACADEMY , we are committed to providing a supportive and safe environment where all students can learn, grow, and achieve their goals. Our team of experienced instructors will work with you on an individual basis to help you achieve your personal goals, whether you are looking to lose weight, improve your physical fitness, or learn self-defense.

 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU (BJJ) is a martial art that was developed from traditional Japanese Jiu-Jitsu and brought to Brazil by Mitsuyo Maeda in the early 20th century. BJJ emphasizes ground fighting, where the goal is to control your opponent and submit them using various chokes, joint locks, and other techniques. BJJ is known for its effectiveness in real-life situations and mixed martial arts competitions.

 AT SOMA ACADEMY , we embrace the principles and techniques of BJJ and tailor our teaching methods to meet the needs of our students, whether they are beginners or advanced practitioners. Our classes focus on both the physical and mental aspects of BJJ, including conditioning, technique, strategy, and mindset. ​
 SCHEDULE A VISIT
