---
source_url: http://www.kanseptacademy.com
final_url: https://kanseptacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:15.644Z
---

# Känsept Academy #### Train. Believe. Execute. Get Started For Free Today!

 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Orientation Class! ×

 #### Welcome To ## Känsept Academy!
 We are a modern Jiu Jitsu academy sharing the Aloha vibes in Honolulu, Hawaii. We strive to provide a family-oriented atmosphere for everyone to enjoy the martial art. Our goal is to help every student cultivate a champion mindset, become conceptual learners and innovative thinkers. Come join us and develop a positive mindset towards personal development through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Ready to Start Your Jiu Jitsu Journey? Sign up for a FREE Orientation Class at Känsept Academy today and experience the benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu firsthand!

 Join Now!
 ##### Limited Time Offer: Free Orientation Class! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 About Us:" >

 ## About Us:
 No matter what path you embark within the martial art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we help every student cultivate the right mindset toward growth and their goals. At Kansept Academy, our conceptual approach creates an environment that enables our students to expand their perspective beyond technique. We apply techniques in positions and situations to help students become innovative problem solvers toward their goal.
 ## Our Philosophy: TRAIN.
 At Kansept Academy, we help our students develop a strong work ethic, in order to improve their fitness, technique, and mental development. We instill discipline, consistency, and a positive mindset as practitioners of the Martial art.
 BELIEVE.
 Belief is one of the most important tools a practitioner or athlete can have to enable growth. It is a concept cultivated through past experiences and training. We help students foster a belief system that promotes confidence and courage which empowers them to take action towards personal development.
 EXECUTE.
 We “train” to gain experience and build confidence within ourselves and our technique. That confidence is your belief which will empower you to execute or take action toward your goal. We teach our students Kanspet Academy’s philosophy. Once the students learn this mindset, it will help them find the best version of themselves on and off the mat.

 ## In Town and Want to Train? Drop in at Känsept Academy for unlimited class access! Whether it’s for a day, a week, or more, we’ve got flexible options to fit your schedule.

 Join Now!
 ##### Drop Ins Welcome! ×

 ## Meet The Känsept Academy Team
 #### ### Jeremiah “Miah” San Nicolas ### Owner & Head Instructor #### Jeremiah “Miah” San Nicolas was born and raised on the beautiful island of Guam. He has been practicing the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for over 14 years. Jeremiah’s service to society began with a 10-year stint in the Coast Guard that ended in 2024, and has now shifted to helping others through his passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. His martial arts training began in 2009 in Guam, and continued when he relocated to California in 2015. He received his black belt on November 19, 2019 from Chris Gutierrez at Conde Koma BJJ in Long Beach, CA. Miah has competed and medaled in national and international tournaments. He found success throughout his journey focusing on concepts, building a champion mindset and relying on his belief system. Aside from competition, Miah is also passionate about sharing his love for the art of Jiu-Jitsu. He has an exceptional teaching style that is heavily focused on helping students become conceptual learners. Off the mat, Miah is an active Certified Personal Trainer in Oahu’s fitness community, hoping to make Känsept an all-encompasing avenue for physical and mental well-being.

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule!

 #### Learn More About Our ## Programs
 #### Bjj is our main focus at Känsept Academy, with Beginner BJJ, Fundamental BJJ and Mixed BJJ programs. We also offer competition classes for teens and adults looking to test themselves in the sport or take their training to the next level! Get started with a free orientation class and then look at our special offers, including a 10% military/first responder membership discount and a family package with 10-15% off (depending on how many members) including a fifth person for free! Check out all the opportunities at Känsept and grow with us!

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Teens and Adults" >

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Teens and Adults
 Känsept Academy’s Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program offers a comprehensive path for students of all skill levels to learn and excel in the art of BJJ. Our Beginner BJJ class is perfect for beginners, providing a strong foundation in basic techniques, positions, and self-defense principles. This class focuses on building confidence, understanding the core concepts of Jiu Jitsu, and fostering a supportive environment where students can learn at their own pace. As students advance, they move into the Fundamentals BJJ and Mixed BJJ classes, which introduce more complex techniques and strategies while reinforcing the basics. Fundamentals BJJ is designed for students looking to refine their skills and deepen their understanding of BJJ principles, while Mixed BJJ integrates both fundamental and advanced techniques in a dynamic, fast-paced class.
 - Beginner BJJ - Fundamentals BJJ - Mixed BJJ

 Competition Class (Teens & Adults)" >

 ## Competition Class (Teens & Adults)
 Känsept Academy’s Competition Class is designed for teens and adults who want to elevate their training or test their skills in the competitive arena of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. This program focuses on developing a strong game plan, with an emphasis on advanced techniques and strategic thinking. Whether you’re preparing for competition or simply looking to take your training to the next level, the class offers the tools and guidance you need to excel. The Competition Class features intense drilling, sparring, and conditioning exercises to build both physical strength and mental endurance. These sessions push students to refine their skills under pressure, helping them sharpen their focus and improve their overall performance.

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It!

 Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a friendly Jiu Jitsu gym whilst staying in Honolulu. 🤙 Mahalo.

 Anna L.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Visited Kansept Academy while visiting on vacation. Everybody treated both of us like we were family!

 Johnseth C.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Totally recommend dropping in for a class and checking out what Känsept can do for you.

 Ariana M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 If you are on Honolulu make sure to drop in and get some rolls. The aesthetics are very well put together. Lot of details and a modern look.

 Jeoffrey L.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 If you are looking for a Jiu-Jitsu school I would definitely check out Känsept Academy.

 Cyndi D.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Travelling to Hawaii on holidays and had a chance to drop in at Känsept. It is a very warm and welcoming gym with an awesome instructor.

 Jason T.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Känsept Academy calls Honolulu home but also welcomes those interested from the surrounding areas: Kaka’ako, Kaneohe, Aiea, and the Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam base. We are located down the street from the Kapalama Shopping Center off the H-1 highway!

 (808) 992-0926
 kanseptacademy@gmail.com
 904 Kohou St Suite 201, Honolulu, HI 96817
 Get Directions

 ### Känsept Academy 904 Kohou St Suite 201, Honolulu, HI 96817
 Get Directions
