---
source_url: http://kswkarate.blogspot.com
final_url: http://kswkarate.blogspot.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:38.017Z
---

## Friday, August 26, 2016 ### Thursday night karate at KSW

 at 9:34 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to X Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest

 Labels: AKJU , Amador County Karate , GSKA , ko sutemi seiei kan karate , Ko Sutemi West , martial arts , Rodney , Tiger Claw , Visions , West Coast

 ## Friday, August 5, 2016 ### Tuesday night Pictures! Tuesday night Adult class pictures.

 To see more pictures go to the pictures page link to the right!
 Thank you! Kim Ladd for taking the pictures.
 We are also a Visions.
 &
 The Calaveras County Behavioral Health Services.

 at 3:37 PM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to X Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest

 Labels: AKJU , belt , blue , brown , class , classes , fitness , GSKA , Jackson , karate , lessons , life , martial arts , parents , Peoples , purple , Team America , training , Visions

 ## Wednesday, July 6, 2016 ### Return from the Irish Cup
 Sensei Rodney Peoples stated he was very proud of AKJU Team America in the 20th Irish Cup Dublin, Ireland! The Irish Cup is open to all styles and includes several Ju Jitsu divisions as well as karate and Kung Fu.
 Overall there were 26 competitors representing the American team. We had 6 from California make the trip this year; 2 from Ukiah and 4 from Jackson!
 The American team brought home a total of 80 medals! 39 gold, 25 silver, 16 bronze, and 4 Irish Cups.
 Our local Jackson contingency consisted of Sensei Rodney Peoples and Adam Avitia along with the support team of Susana Peoples and her sister Tami Groves. Sensei Peoples won 3 golds 1 Silver and a share of the team fighting Irish Cup.
 His student Adam Avitia also won 3 golds, 1 silver, 1 bronze, and a share of the team fighting Irish Cup!
 Sensei Peoples stated he was very proud of Adam and his performance on the trip! His parents should be very proud of how he handled himself not only on the mat but with other team members as well as team members from other countries.
 This year's trip consisted of a trip to Poland and Ireland. We arrived in Warsaw on Friday June 10th and to Dublin Wednesday June 15th.
 The Poland portion of the trip was very educational as we visited many historical sites in Warsaw including the Warsaw Rising Museum, the University of Warsaw while they were celebrating their 200th anniversary, the Warsaw Rising Memorial, watched the changing of the guards at the Tomb of the Unknown and many other historical sites.
 We took a train ride to Auswitch which was a very eye opening experience! You learn about these places from history in but the detail you learn from being there is amazing.
 In Ireland we visited many sites in Dublin including St Patrick's Cathedral, Trinity College, and even saw the amazing Book of Kells.
 We also took a 3 hour coach ride through some very beautiful and very green countryside to Blarney Castle. The castle was awesome but the grounds and gardens were great as well!
 Overall we had an amazing trip we saw many sites and was a very educational trip for the youth as well as the adults.
 All competitors that participated in the Ko Sutemi West Qualifier this past April at Delta College automatically qualify for the 21st Irish Cup to be held in June of 2017 in Dublin Ireland. The Ko Sutemi West will be hosting a West Coast Qualifier in April of 2017 for the 22nd Irish Cup to be held in Dublin, Ireland in June of 2018. Anyone interested in making the trip next year please contact us.

 We are also a Visions Vendor.

 at 10:34 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to X Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest

 Labels: 20th Irish Cup , Adam , adult classes , AKJU , Auswitch , Avitia , belt , black belt , brown , budget , class , classes , closed , control , Don Madden , fun , karate , karate tournament , Visions , Warsaw Rising Museum

 ## Thursday, June 9, 2016 ### Meet up with the team! Sensei Rodney and Adam have meet up with the rest of the AKJU Team America karate team. They are now on there way to Ireland with a stop in Warsaw Poland.
 Thank you David Silver of the Ukiah Shorin-Ryu dojo for the picture.

 at 11:29 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to X Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest

 Labels: 20th Irish Cup , Adam , adult classes , AKJU , Amador County , Avitia , black belt , brown , budget , classes , Delta College , Don Madden , Dublin , fly , fun , Ireland , karate tournament , Rodney , Visions

 ## Wednesday, June 8, 2016 ### In Chicago Sensei Rodney Peoples and Brown Belt Adam Avitia in Chicago on the way to Ohare to meet up with the rest of the 2016 AKJU Team America karate team.
 Good Luck. Bring Back some Gold.

 at 1:23 PM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to X Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest

 Labels: 20th Irish Cup , Adam , adult classes , AKJU , Avitia , Chicago , class , Don Madden , fly , Jackson , karate tournament , Peoples , Rank Test , Rodney , San Joaquin Delta College , Team America , trip , Visions

 ## Tuesday, June 7, 2016 ### Rodney's and Adam's last class before the Irish Cup Last night was the last class for Sensei Peoples and Brown Belt Adam Avitia before they head to Ireland for the 20th Irish Cup.
 Good Luck guys!

 at 9:25 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to X Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest

 Labels: 20th Irish Cup , Adam , AKJU , Avitia , belt , brown , class , classes , Don Madden , fitness , fun , Jackson , karate , karate tournament , martial arts , Peoples , Rodney , San Joaquin Delta College , training , Visions

 ## Tuesday, May 17, 2016 ### Closed

 at 9:01 AM No comments: Email This BlogThis! Share to X Share to Facebook Share to Pinterest

 Labels: AKJU , belt , black belt , blue , brown , class , classes , closed , Don Madden , Dublin , fitness , fun , GSKA , Hall of Fame , Holiday , Jackson , kids , Memorial Day , purple , Visions

 Older Posts Home
 Subscribe to: Comments (Atom)
