---
source_url: http://tiger-taekwondo.com
final_url: https://tiger-taekwondo.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:28.387Z
---

# Welcome to Tiger Taekwondo Academy Tiger Taekwondo Academy was founded by Master Jaeseok Choi and Master Kiho Kim based on the philosophy of Taekwondo – Courtesy, Integrity, Perseverance, Self-Control, and Indomitable Spirit. We continue to provide quality martial arts instruction in both traditional and Olympic style Taekwondo. The physical benefits and philosophy of Taekwondo help bring a happier life to our students. We have been serving the University Place, Tacoma, and Lakewood Areas since July 2006.
 All classes are taught by Master Jaeseok Choi, 6th Dan Black Belt, and Master Russell Larson, 5th Dan Black Belt. They are assisted by several Black Belt students and color belt students handpicked by Master Choi to be Junior Leaders. These outstanding students are currently training to become Assistant Instructors.
 Tiger Taekwondo is under the umbrella of the World Taekwondo (WT), which is the sole governing body of Taekwondo in front of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). We are also affiliated with USA Taekwondo. This makes it possible for us to issue Official Black Belt Certificates from Kukkiwon. Our black belts are duly recognized in all countries of the world who participate in the Olympic Games.
 We also offer an after-school Martial Arts program available to University Place School District. Ask Master Choi or Master Larson for additional details.

 ##
 KIds

 Learn More

 Teens

 Learn More

 Adults

 Learn More

 After School

 Learn More

 Curriculum Videos

 Learn More

 ## Get Access to Our Schedule and Web Specials START YOUR MARTIAL ARTS JOURNEY TODAY!

 ## OUR CLIENTS LOVE US!
 A wonderful place for children and grown ups alike to learn respect and the art of self defense and techniques from wonderful souls like Master Choi and great teachers like Mr. Larson, Miss Ishikawa, & Mr. Stewart !
 - Anna Vincent

 I have been a student at Tiger Taekwondo Academy for 2.5 years and only regret that I didn't sign up sooner. Master Choi, Master Larson, and Mr. Stewart are excellent teachers. I actually tried another Dojang before Tiger Taekwondo and chose Tiger Taekwondo for several reasons. (1) They offer an all-ages class as late as 8:00pm, which really works for adults like me with a job and family. (2) They strike a great balance between fun and learning! (3) They also strike a balance between the various disciplines within Taekwondo: sparring, forms, self-defense, and weapons. (4) They approach teaching with patience, building concept upon concept to give us a better chance at mastery. (5) I've watched all of them with kids, and they know exactly how to balance good teaching with high expectations and fun! I highly recommend Tiger TKD Academy to anyone who reads this -- heck, I've been trying to get all my friends and their families to start up for years!
 - Mike Moffitt

 Wonderful school and instructors! My son has learned so much from them. We could not be more satisfied.
 - Lucia Randazzo Evans

 Tiger TKD is absolutely wonderful - our kids have learned confidence, respect, gained strength and more from Master Choi, Master Larson, Melissa and Mister Stewart...they teach their students how to be all-around productive citizens. They inspire and motivate learning. We cannot say enough good things about this place!
 - Carrie Black Roundy

 Leave a review today!
