---
source_url: http://ghostsquadbjj.com/programs
final_url: https://ghostsquadbjj.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:33.165Z
---

# Kids Program Our kids Jiu Jitsu program will change and enhance your child with a host of positive mental and physical skills that will help him/her in school, at home and in life. As your child will learn to succeed, you’ll see a new kind of discipline emerging. The kind that will positively affect all areas of his or her life. In our BJJ program you’ll notice your child developing an increased respect for him/herself and others. This transformation will help your child learn to face and handle difficult encounters at any given moment. Our exclusive BJJ program will build your child’s self esteem in a uniquely positive way.

 #### Teens Program Our teens program is specifically targeted to encourage, motivate and aid in critical thinking of a young adolescent. We instill the same principles of the kids program but add a little more technique and drive into our teens classes. Teens naturally face a difficult transition, going from a child to young adults, we aim to help them by empowering their minds and body.

 Teens are able to participate in the adults Open Mat every Saturday as a way to introduce them into the adults class.

 #### Adults Program #### Adults Program
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, considered the gentle art, has a primary core focus on self defense. We have built a program that has worked for members for over 13 years in which anyone can submit an opponent with precise technique. Our program will guarantee to make you feel safe, encouraged, and build confidence in your own abilities.

 Jiu Jitsu is also an intense, aerobic and anaerobic workout that helps your fitness and health improve. It is a different workout to develop body coordination as well as personal awareness and self defense. The benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu goes above and beyond any other martial art due to its adaptability in the skills and techniques that you learn to take down any opponent of any size.

 #### Adaptive BJJ #### Benefits of Jiu Jitsu #### Adults Program
 We’re excited to introduce our new Adaptive Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) classes , designed for all abilities and skill levels . Whether you're a beginner or an experienced practitioner, our inclusive approach ensures that everyone can learn, train, and grow in a supportive environment.
 With expert instructors, modified techniques, and a welcoming community, our adaptive BJJ program empowers individuals of all backgrounds to build confidence, strength, and self-defense skills.

 Come try a free class every Tuesdays from 5:00-5:45pm

 #### Benefits of Jiu Jitsu #### Benefits of Jiu Jitsu #### Benefits of Jiu Jitsu
 Variety Workouts/Stress Relief

 BJJ helps build mental toughness, teaches the value of hard work, and gives you the persistence you need in everyday life. Many members have said that BJJ is also a great stress-relief from school or work because it helps take their mind off problems they are facing so they can focus all their strength and thoughts into grappling on the mats. It is a workout where you have to use your intelligence to problem solve and figure out how to get out from your opponent’s hold on you. By engaging your brain during class, BJJ can help provide a completely different workout that you won’t find anywhere else.

 #### Benefits of Jiu Jitsu #### Benefits of Jiu Jitsu #### Benefits of Jiu Jitsu
 Community

 Ghost Squad BJJ is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academy located in Castle Rock, Colorado. We strive to build a solid, safe and positive environment from day one. We teach our members the importance of safe rolling, safe training and team unity. Upon walking into our Academy, you will be greeting with members of all levels and connect with individuals with the same interest as you and build new bonds.

 Ghost Squad BJJ Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy in Castle Rock, CO
 1483 Park St, Castle Rock, CO 80109
 Phone: (786)357-5394
 buiu@ghostsquadbjj.com

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
