---
source_url: http://www.dubuquebjj.com
final_url: https://dubuquebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:58.074Z
---

# Personal Growth through the Art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Personal Growth through the Art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Personal Growth through the Art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Personal Growth through the Art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Personal Growth through the Art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Find a Class

 ## About Us #### Our Philosophy Dubuque Jiu-Jitsu is Dubuque’s only accredited jujitsu school, operating out of 3135 Cedar Crest Ridge Suite D. Brazilian jiu jitsu is a grappling based martial art that puts an emphasis on technique, live sparring and sport-oriented competition. It is one of the fastest growing sports in the world today with a true universal appeal due to its rigorous but highly inclusive nature.
 Community members of all ages, all sizes and all backgrounds are encouraged to stop by at any of our regular classes. The first class is always free and while we are always willing to answer questions by phone or email prior to your first session, you are more than welcome to drop in on any of our regular classes. No appointment needed. We strive to maintain a beginner friendly atmosphere at all of our BJJ classes. Dubuque Jiu-Jitsu’s qualified instructors are eager to help you meet your goals, whether those goals are related to fitness, self defense, or athletic competition. Dubuque Jiu-Jitsu is a proud affiliate of Tipping Point Jiu-Jitsu under BJJ Black belt John Gutta.

 ## Reviews

 ## Social

 ## Contact Us If you have questions about our jujitsu school or BJJ classes, please send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Dubuque BJJ
 Get in Touch!
 #### Get in Touch! Name*

 Email*

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get in Touch!

 Drop in at any time for two free trial classes.

 Beginners welcome!

 Learn more

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
