---
source_url: http://fenixbjj.com/program/adults-teens-bjj
final_url: https://www.fenixbjj.com/program/adults-teens-bjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:27.879Z
---

BOOK A FREE INTRO

 BOOK A FREE INTRO

 # learn brazilian jiu jitsu in woburn and tewksbury
 ## Technique oriented and competition tested. Get in touch for you free 1-on-1 introductory class in our Woburn or Tewksbury gyms today.
 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## LEARN ON THE MAT, USE IT IN LIFE. train to be as good as you can be.
 Since 2017 Fenix Brazilian Jiu jitsu has taught thousands of members how to become better versions of themselves. Today more than 400 people learn from us every day.

 Join us for a free 1-on-1 introductory class today. No commitment, no prior experience required.

 2 central locations in Woburn and Tewksbury

 17 years teaching Brazilian Jiu jitsu

 Early mornings, noon and afternoon/night classes. Weekdays and weekends

 Group and private classes. Membership or appointment-based sessions

 BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU: A WORTHY PURSUIT
 WALK THE PATH, IMPROVE YOURSELF

 "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step".

 Join us today and start your journey towards a better YOU. Experience our sport, change your habits and learn how Brazilian Jiu-jitsu can change your life for the better, one training session at a time.

 Your introductory class is a free, one-on-one lesson designed to teach you about Brazilian Jiu jitsu and help you take your first step .

 No previous experience required, no commitment.

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 51 classes per week, 2 locations, 400+ members

 YEAR-ROUND ACCESS : New students can join anytime and classes run normally during all seasons (including summer months and school break periods). We offer group and private lessons 7 days a week.

 MULTIPLE LOCATIONS : Enjoy access to both our Woburn and Tewksbury locations (included with standard adult memberships).

 NO STRINGS ATTACHED, LOCKED PRICES : All memberships run on a month-to-month basis, allowing you to cancel with just 30 days notice. Prices remain fixed for a full year.

 ## A DAY AT FENIX
 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## Our Facilities

 ## 7 DAYS A WEEK. FROM 6AM TO 8PM.
 Select a location to view our weekly BJJ class schedule.

 ### Woburn, MA VIEW SCHEDULE

 ### TEWKSBURY, MA VIEW SCHEDULE

 ## Our COACHES
 Meet our team of expert, passionate coaches.

 ### Ron Campos Founder / Head Coach

 A 4th-degree BJJ black belt coach Ron started training Brazilian Jiu jitsu in the early 90's in his native country of Brazil.

 With more than 30 years of experience in Brazilian Jiu jitsu, Judo, Wrestling, and MMA Ron started competing in BJJ in 1994. He fought professionally in MMA holding the welterweight title belts for Cage Rage and ISF in the UK.

 Coach Ron teaches regularly at both Fenix Woburn and Tewksbury.

 ### Chris Sanders Coach

 Chris Sanders started training in BJJ in 2004 and got promoted to black belt in 2018.

 He has spent 26 years as an active-duty police office in New York and New Hampshire and is today a training specialist at the NH police standards and training council.

 Coach Sanders teaches regularly at both Fenix Woburn and Tewksbury.

 ### Greg Cinelli Coach

 Coach Greg is a Brazilan Jiu jitsu black belt with a long and successful competive record and many years of experience as a coach. He received his black belt in 2021.

 He is a combat veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan, and the New England ambassador for the We Defy Foundation.

 Coach Greg teaches regularly at both Fenix Woburn and Tewksbury.

 ### Chris White Coach

 Coach Chris is a Brazilian Jiu jitsu black belt and has been part of the Fenix coaching staff since 2017.

 He has been an active competitor and is a multi-time IBJJF open champion, NAGA champion and a 2-time Fight 2 Win Pro.

 Coach Chris teaches regularly at Fenix Woburn.

 ### Vinny Silva Coach

 Coach Vinny started his training in Judo at the age of 3 in his native country of Brazil. In 2008 he started his journey in Brazilian Jiu jitsu, being promoted to black belt in 2018.

 With a degree in Physical Education and Sports Pedagogy, and more than 10 years of experience as a trainer, he is the head coach for the kids program at Fenix Brazilian Jiu jitsu Tewksbury.

 Coach Vinny teaches children and adults multiple times a week at Fenix Tewksbury.

 ### Colleen Hennigan Owner / Coach

 Coach Colleen is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu brown belt and, together with coach Ron, one of the owners of Fenix Tewksbury.

 She is a IBJJF Worlds Master and Pan American champion and teaches regularly at Fenix Tewksbury.

 ### Ethan Jorgenson Coach

 Coach Ethan started training in 2014 and got promoted to brown belt in 2023.

 He has been an active competitor winning the Jiu jitsu World League lightweight title as a purple belt, the featherweight title as a brown belt and medaling multiple times at IBJJF, NAGA and Grappling Industries tournaments. In 2025 he became the IBJJF Boston Open Brown Belt Featherweight Champion.

 Coach Ethan teaches regularly at Fenix Woburn.

 ## free 1-on-1 introductory class. no cost, no commitment.
 Request your free introductory class right now. No credit card information required.

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## DISCOUNTED MEmberships and packages
 Special membership and discounts for:

 - College students - Female members - Law enforcement officers - Siblings and family members - Firefighters and first responders - Active duty military and veterans

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## WHAT OUR MEMBERS ARE SAYING
 Our community of over 400 active members is a huge part of what makes us the best BJJ gym in the area. Check out what they have to say:

 “Fenix Tewksbury is home to some of the most genuine people you will find anywhere. I couldn’t ask for a better place to start jiu jitsu and a better group of people to train with."

 ##### Justin Torname

 “Great training and great people. Perfect for a seasoned competitor or someone who’s never done jiu jitsu and has no martial arts experience. You always learn something new, get an awesome workout, and leave feeling great."

 ##### Joseph Cameron

 “Great staff that is attentive and patient. They are excellent teachers and its a great environment for learning. Highly recommended"

 ##### Jose Otero

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ### "I WISH I HAD STARTED SOONER"
 That is probably the number one feedback we hear from our students. Well, you can't rewind the clock but you can give Brazilian Jiu jitsu a try today and avoid future regrets - book your free intro now!

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO CLASS

 ## ABOUT US
 Fenix Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was founded in 2007 in Woburn, MA by Coach Ron Campos, a martial artist with 25+ years of experience, including BJJ, Judo, Wrestling, and MMA. With over 50 classes per week (early mornings, noon and afternoons/evenings) Fenix teaches Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to children from 3 years old and up, teenagers and adults of all ages and experience levels.

 Fenix Woburn is located at 911, Main Street in Woburn, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Woburn, Burlington, Reading, Bedford, Andover, Lexington, Stoneham, Lynnfield, Billerica, Wakefield, Winchester, Wilmington, Lowell, Lawrence & North Andover.

 Fenix Tewksbury is located at 1830, Main Street, Tewksbury, MA and serves all towns in the surrounding area such as Tewksbury, Andover, Wilmington, Lowell, Middleton, Tyngsborough, Lawrence, Reading, Lowell, Pelham, Dracut, Burlington, Lynnfield, Billerica & North Andover.

 Get in touch today for a FREE 1-on-1 introductory class!

 ## QUICK LINKS

 ## CONTACT
 Tewksbury, MA

 1830 Main St, Tewksbury, MA 01876, United States of America

 339-221-2306

 fenixbjjtewksbury@gmail.com

 Woburn, MA

 911 Main St, Woburn, MA 01801, United States of America

 781-420-0390

 bjjfenix@gmail.com

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
