---
source_url: http://dojoreno.com
final_url: https://dojoreno.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:41.950Z
---

Facilities Schedule Birthday Parties Summer Camps Classes Adults Kids (8+) Tigers (3-7) Open Mat

 Student Portal Contact ☰

 # Classes Dojo Reno represents an integrated approach to martial arts, offering classes for children (ages 4-12 years), teens, women and men in an inviting and comfortable training environment.
 Our diverse and complete curriculum development is a result of over 25 years of martial arts experience from Master Instructor Michelle Weaver.

 # Birthday Parties Celebrate your child’s birthday at the dojo with a high energy, fast paced, and exciting party! Open for our students, siblings, friends, and non members, we play martial arts themed games that can be enjoyed and geared for all ages! Our parties our driven by fun and our culture of kindness and respect while integrating the celebration with lessons of resilience and self discipline. Book your party now!
 Book Your Party Now

 # Open Mat Sundays Join us Sunday mornings for jiujitsu church, a melting pot of jiujitsu disciplines from our expanding community, where open arms and arm bars wait to welcome you. With our philosophy of training with everyone and training for life our open mat provides a positive place for all those looking to learn, roll, laugh, and sweat no matter their level.
 Learn More

 # Our Facility

 Home Classes Schedule Student Portal Contact © 2026 Dojo Reno | Design by BDG
