---
source_url: http://ohanajiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://ohanajiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:25.733Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information Select nearest location Ohana HQ Ohana South Ohana West Ohana Westwood
 By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Ohana Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## BJJ Classes are Available at all Locations Exercise your mind and body, and learn valuable self-defense with the martial art that is developed with the concepts of leverage and technique at its core, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu . Being able to dominate and neutralize a larger, more aggressive opponent is a hallmark of the art. Our professional and skilled staff will teach you ground control positions and leverage maximizing techniques to create confidence and energize your competitive spirit.
 ## Get On The Mat With Ohana Academy In San Antonio at All Locations Students of Ohana Academy's BJJ classes develop confidence, reduce stress, and anxiety all while getting in the best shape of their life. Our classes begin with light calisthenics and mat drills before starting our drilling technique. These drills are done over and over to help muscle memory and help our students retain technique. Ohana Academy Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes also include sparring (or rolling). Students put their techniques to the test with training partners who can resist and counter just as they would in an actual fight, providing valuable real-world experience should the techniques ever need to be applied in an actual fight. The benefits of BJJ are great and include massive improvements in stamina, strength, flexibility, and mental clarity. In addition to this, social skills are improved as a result of interacting with individuals and the group as a whole.
 ## Why Wait? Sign Up For Ohana Academy Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! With the many classes currently on our schedule and our flexible private class times, you are sure to find something which best suits you. Fill out the short form on the side of this page to get all the information you need sent directly to your inbox.

 ### Benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Exercise Your Mind and Body - Reduce Stress & Anxiety - Energize Your Competitive Spirit - Learn Valuable Self Defense - Safe, Fun Curriculum - Get In The Best Shape Of Your Life

 My two boys have fallen in love with this place. They just started here and I enjoy watching them learn. The coaches are very patient. My kids look forward to going to training everyday. I couldn't had found a better gym! Thank you all for all your hard work and dedication.

 Ohana has very friendly and talented coaches and staff. My son loves his coach and has a great time when he makes it to class.

 My son Nicholas loves going to Ohana for his Muay thai practice, he has learned so much and grew his confidence, thank you coach Jayson Winters and Gabe for treating us like family! Highly recommend it!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
