---
source_url: https://www.hcbjj.com
final_url: https://www.hcbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:43.842Z
---

Try a Free Class Today
 ## ABOUT HARRISON COUNTY BJJ
 We are Harrison County Indiana’s original Brazilian jiu jitsu academy. Our mission is to provide self-defense based jiu jitsu classes to the community and to help people from all walks of life enjoy the many benefits of BJJ.
 ​
 Whether you want to learn practical, real-world self-defense, compete in tournaments, or get a great workout in a fun and inviting atmosphere, we can help you meet your goals!
 We welcome beginners and seasoned grapplers alike! Message us today to get started.

 meet the staff
 ## MEET THE OWNERS
 Co-Owner & Founder of Harrison County BJJ

 ### Daniel Evans & Joey Speece

 Joey Speece and Daniel Evans are partnering together to bring Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA, boxing, and women's fitness classes to Harrison County. Their mission began in 2017 when Joey opened Harrison County Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with the dream to give his community access to practical, real-world BJJ techniques that they could use in self defense situations. Evans, one of his very first students, fell in love with jiu jitsu. After years of hard work and dedication, he rose to the rank of instructor in 2019 and in December 2023 he became a proud co-owner of Harrison County BJJ.
 ​
 Joey and Evans have nearly 30 years combined experience working in law enforcement. Joey was a police officer for ten years and is currently a reserve officer. Evans is a detective and has worked in law enforcement in various capacities since 2009. Prior to that, he served five years in the Army.
 ​
 Joey began BJJ in 2009 under Professor Bruce Shepherd at The Jiu Jitsu A cademy in Evansville, Indiana, and received his black belt in March 2023. Evans is a brown belt. Both men have extensive experience training in other disciplines. Evans boxed for two years, and Joey has trained in MMA, kickboxing, and judo for over a decade.
 ​
 Both Joey and Evans are excited to grow Harrison County BJJ into something that will reach even more people and change lives for the better. Their goal is to empower others with the same skills to protect themselves, unshakeable confidence, and supportive community that jiu jitsu has given to them.

 ## Reasons to Practice Jiu Jitsu "It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable." -Socrates

 6

 Self-Defense
 Humility

 Community
 Confidence

 Self-Discipline
 Improved Fitness

 ## CONTACT US
 812-972-3870 | harrisoncountybjj@gmail.com
 107 Sky Park Drive NE, Corydon, IN 47112

 Get In Touch
 Thanks for submitting!

 Contact
