---
source_url: http://www.resurgencemma.com
final_url: https://www.resurgencemma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:16.201Z
---

920-460-9008
 [email protected]

 Facebook

 Twitter

 Instagram

 #### Carlson Gracie Team We are the ONLY Carlson Gracie Team & Wanderley Jiu Jitsu affiliate in Appleton & Northeast Wisconsin!

 #### Curriculum We have the BEST curriculum around! (Beginners Encouraged)

 #### Prices We are the MOST affordable Kickboxing, MMA, and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu gym in the Fox Valley! (No contracts!)

 #### Family Environment We pride ourselves on offering classes for kids & adults in a safe and very friendly environment where you feel welcome and never worry about reckless injuries.

 ### What Our Students Say…

 Andrew’s passion for MMA and fitness shines through with the technique and care he puts into coaching. His ability to convey new skills and a solid foundation in kickboxing and jiu jitsu is excellent. This paired with the knowledge and dedication he has for MMA makes it very exciting to learn and grow. I came into the gym a little shy at first and he made me feel very welcome and comfortable. The things he has taught empower me and make me want to learn more and more. I at first only wanted to do kickboxing and now find myself staying for every jiu jitsu class. Andrew cares about each and every member’s success and it shows! I’m so glad I joined, the atmosphere Andrew creates is exceptional! Karley S. happy student

 I’ve been doing kick boxing for a very short amount of time and I’ve already hopped around a few different places. When I stopped to do a class with Andrew, I knew that I had to sign up. Andrew loves working with people and knows his stuff! The first time I started training with him you couldn’t wipe the smile off my face if you tried! If you are looking to learn how to defend yourself or even compete, Resurgence MMA Academy is the place to be no doubt about it. Dakota A. happy student

 ## Are you ready to change your life by learning martial arts, getting more fit, and building a better YOU?
 Sign Up Now!

 3.7/5 (400 Reviews)

 © 2016 Resurgence MMA & Fitness LLC, All rights reserved.
