---
source_url: https://www.mn-bjj.com
final_url: https://mn-bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:49.204Z
---

As we transition to our new location, kids classes are currently at capacity and trial classes are temporarily paused. Free trials will reopen April 6.

 Welcome to Marco Nascimento Jiu JitsuCome see why we're the best BJJ club on the PeninsulaContact Us
 Welcome to Marco Nascimento Jiu JitsuCome see why we're the best BJJ club on the PeninsulaContact Us
 Welcome to Marco Nascimento Jiu JitsuCome see why we're the best BJJ club on the PeninsulaContact Us
 Welcome to Marco Nascimento Jiu JitsuCome see why we're the best BJJ club on the PeninsulaContact Us

 # Register for your free trial class here

 Register Now

 # Come join the best BJJ club on the Peninsula.

 We’re a family oriented gym and pride ourselves on our world class instructors and programs. Marco, a 6th degree Black belt who is still active in competition, will help you reach your goals, no matter how big or small. Whether you’re looking to improve your Jiu Jitsu game, hone your competition skills, learn self defense, improve your fitness or just see what BJJ is all about, we’d love to welcome you to our Academy.
 For adults, we offer high level training for Black and Brown Belts, Advanced classes for Adult colored belts, Adult Beginner classes, Women’s classes and Self-Defense classes. Marco’s engaging teaching style, paired with his unmatched technical knowledge make every class appealing to practitioners of all levels: White Belt to Black Belt.

 JOIN CLASSES

 ### Schedule

 View our class schedule for the week and sign up.

 VIEW

 ### Classes

 We have options for every age and skill level.

 VIEW

 ### Photos & Videos

 View our class schedule for the week and sign up.

 VIEW

 # Latest Updates

 We open at 9am, Friday, April 3rd, 2026 for all cl

 Our new, bigger, better Jiu Jitsu home is opening

 It’s official! We’re moving… 3 buildings over. Big

 Congrats to all the kids who competed last weekend

 Huge congratulations to the team that competed in

 We wanted to take a moment to speak directly to ou

 5 days left to take advantage of the Early Registr

 Great turnout by the team @ibjjf San Jose open, we

 Load More Follow on Instagram
