---
source_url: https://twintigershoniton.co.uk/classes/adult-boxing/
final_url: https://twintigershoniton.co.uk/classes/adult-boxing/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:47.849Z
---

Adult Boxing - Twin Tigers Martial Arts | Honiton Home About Members Area Event Booking Book an Appointment Event Submissions News Classes Gallery Contact

 # Adults Boxing ## 6.15 - 7.30pm - Tuesday and Thursday Our adult boxing sessions consist of everything required to support the development of your boxing skills, whether you’re interested in learning the “Sweet Science” as an absolute beginner, or an experienced boxer preparing for your next fight. Further to a skipping and shadow boxing warm-up, emphasis is put on the correct application of boxing techniques though padwork, facilitated drills, and controlled sparring, all overseen by our fight coaches. Boxers are also put through their paces at the end of the session with a circuit of bodyweight conditioning focusing on the development of total body strength and fitness, prior to a cool down and stretch.
 We are much more than a martial arts club - we are a family!
 Situated in the heart of Honiton, our team aim to provide our community and the South West with the finest Martial Arts we can offer whether students intend to improve their fitness and mental health, or to compete at the highest level. Our gym is a no nonsense environment which nurtures growth, discipline and respect for all ages and abilities.
 ## Equipment ## Club Uniform Thai shorts and T-shirt are avilable here .
 ## Cost We offer a non-contractual membership for Children (4-18 yrs old) of £30.00 per month. We also offer discounts for additional children as well as family packages, please enquire for more details.
 We offer a FREE TRIAL taster session -
 Book yours now

 ## Our Responsibilities/Safeguarding Despite training in and teaching martial arts – involving physical contact – our role as teachers and instructors is to guide you through this training in the safest possible way. Different protective equipment is required at different stages. This is available on site and all training involving hard contact is conducted under the supervision of an instructor or senior student. The aim is to avoid injury as much as possible and to maintain a safe & respectful atmosphere in the club. The club and its instructors are insured against injury, providing reassurance in the event of any accidents.
 Twin Tigers aims to be a safe space for children and adults. In the childrens classes any contact is strictly supervised with no hits to the head allowed. Again the choice of whether to spar with other children is up to the children once the coach feels they are ready. No one is forced into sparring and safety is our greatest concern. As children graduate to the adults classes they will be invited to try the adults classes to get an idea of the step up in training. This transition is closely monitored by the coaches to ensure the safety of the children as they move up to training with adults.
 Similarly in the adults class no one is forced to spar if they don’t want. And all members must show they are able to spar with people of all different skills and sizes. Sparring is about controlled aggression. The level of contact is constantly being monitored by the coaches to make sure everyone is safe and comfortable in their training.
 The coaches are here to help and support your training. We aim to be approachable and helpful so that you can get everything you want from your time at Twin Tigers.

 Safeguarding Lead Officer
