---
source_url: https://twintigershoniton.co.uk
final_url: https://twintigershoniton.co.uk/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:47.873Z
---

Twin Tigers Mixed Martial Arts & Boxing Gym Honiton | Martial Arts Club Home About Members Area Event Booking Book an Appointment Event Submissions News Classes Gallery Contact

 # Twin Tigers Mixed Martial Arts & Boxing Gym The most important thing we want to teach is respect. We train many martial arts within our gym; they are all different but they are all looking to improve the body and mind through physical and mental practise.

 ## We are so much more than a martial arts club - we are a family! Situated in the heart of Honiton, our team provides the finest Martial Arts facility and community in the South West. We are here to support your martial arts journey, whether you are an absolute beginner intending to learn new skills and improve your fitness, or an experienced fighter interested in competing at the highest level. Our gym is a welcoming and supportive environment which nurtures growth, discipline, diversity and respect for all ages and abilities.
 The club’s name is born from a traditional, sacred form of tattoo from Thailand - the Sak Yant. The Suea Koo ‘Twin Tigers’ Yant depicts the tiger as a symbol of strength, power and fearlessness - with the twin tigers representing the highest level of power and strength. It is believed that the wearers of this tattoo will be given good fortune to overcome all enemies and avoid all kinds of dangers.
 At Twin Tigers Boxing and Martial Arts, we strive to support our students to echo these sentiments - to empower them to overcome their fears and build strength in mind, body and spirit.
 ## Mixed Martial Arts & Boxing Gym in Honiton, Devon All are welcome. It does not matter what style you have learnt or from whom, any practitioner has put themselves out there to learn something and that is to be applauded. Within the Twin Tigers community everyone has their own personal journey. So whether you are looking to just get fit and meet some new people, want to try something new or want to get in there and be the next Conor McGregor (but without the attitude) you are welcome.
 Head Coach About Twin Tigers

 Thai - Ger Cubs 4 to 6 Year olds

 Jnr Muay Thai 6 to 10 year olds

 Advanced Jnr Muay Thai

 Boxing Bag Blast

 Beginner Adult Muay Thai

 Advanced Adult Muay Thai

 ### Twin Tigers Latest News 28th February 2023 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu open day What is BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU ?We're offering a full day of 1hr taster sessions for…
 Read more

 06th March 2022 #### Dale'S birthday Win Birthday glory for Dale ‘The Kraken’ Kingston. On Saturday, 26th February, marine biologist and assistant…
 Read more

 13th February 2022 #### Charity Fire Walk Friday the 18th February Read more

 ### InstagramKeep up to Date Follow on Instagram

 ### FacebookKeep up to date

 This message is only visible to admins.
 Problem displaying Facebook posts. Backup cache in use.
 Click to show error
 Error: (#200) Provide valid app ID Type: OAuthException
