---
source_url: http://www.dragonflyelite.com
final_url: https://www.dragonflyelite.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:26.799Z
---

# Wake up your Warrior at DRAGONFLY MARTIAL ARTS

 We at DragonFly Martial Arts are dedicated to your success. Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training.

 #### Limited Time & Availability : :
 Min

 :
 Sec

 Get Started Today

 ## A Promise Not A Guarantee Imagine a classroom filled with happy, healthy, highly motivated energetic people, training in martial arts, learning skills that will stick with them for the rest of their lives.
 Read More

 ## The Journey Are you ready to get started? DragonFly Elite has classes for every age range and experience level. Don’t wait to begin. Start today and become an elite.
 Read More

 ## Take a Tour Enjoy a brief walk through of the DragonFly Martial Arts Academy headquarter training facility located in Plainfield, Indiana. If you’re looking for a place to learn the elite mindset and do the work to train diligently for elite performance, this is the place where you can begin to be elite.

 ## A Promise Not A Guarantee Imagine a classroom filled with happy, healthy, highly motivated energetic people, training in martial arts, learning skills that will stick with them for the rest of their lives.
 Read More

 ## The Journey Are you ready to get started? DragonFly Elite has classes for every age range and experience level. Don’t wait to begin. Start today and become an elite.
 Read More

 ## Take a Tour Enjoy a brief walk through of the DragonFly Martial Arts Academy headquarter training facility located in Plainfield, Indiana. If you’re looking for a place to learn the elite mindset and do the work to train diligently for elite performance, this is the place where you can begin to be elite.

 ###### as seen on

 ###### Owner Kenny Bigbee Jr. endorsed by former Navy Seal & endurance athlete # David Goggins ######

 ###### used by # Local Law Enforcement

 ###### featured in

 ###### Honorable Mention ###### Federal Protective Services

 ###### Elite Training for

 ###### Honorable Mention ###### Department of Homeland Security

 ###### ###### featured in

 ### Academy Training Traditional In-person Training in Plainfield, IN

 Start Now!

 Men

 Women

 Children

 # DragonFly elite Programs

 Men

 Women

 Children

 # DragonFly Elite Programs

 DragonFly Elite Martial Arts Academy offers unique curriculum & teaching style for Jiu Jitsu , Muay Tai , wrestling or strength & conditioning programs. Our highly-developed teaching techniques are proven in both combat and competition with unparalleled success our industry. “Become your best with our team in Mindest, Brazilian Jui-Jitsu, Strength and Conditioning and Authentic Muay Thai. “
 We guarantee an elite training environment to fulfill your potential, with our cutting edge training system, which is proven with unparalleled success in personal development, self defense and competition.
 Explore our custom performance based environment fitted with exclusive eye-catching brand decore, 6 full length Muay Thai bags, 2 boxing bags, professionally padded tarp mats, boxing ring, double end bags, weights, medicine balls, changing rooms, bamboo floored retail area, exquisite observation space, tailored restroom area, executive front desk and more.

 The word ‘Team’ in Team Elite stands for ‘ The Elite Achievement Mission ‘
 As a former Navy SEAL, I provide and guarantee an elite training environment to achieve your and your loved one’s highest potential through mindset, concepts, and techniques that empower you with the fortitude to become your best in martial arts, in competition, and in life.
 Our four A’s of elite achievement; Attendance, Attitude, Aptitude, and Athletic Ability guide you to become the best version of yourself that you’ve always imagined. Our innovative performance based class structure and Elite Assessment System ensures you are on track towards your goals.
 Join us in becoming your best!
 Remember you don’t have to be ‘the’ best, but you can never fail to give your best. Join us and discover how you can…Defy the odds & “Be Elite!”

 Be Elite!

 DragonFly Elite Martial Arts Academy offers unique curriculum & teaching style for Jiu Jitsu , Muay Tai , or wrestling programs. Our highly-developed teaching techniques are proven in both combat and competition with unparalleled success our industry.
 “Become your best with our team in Mindest, Brazilian Jui-Jitsu, Strength and Conditioning and Authentic Muay Thai. “
 We guarantee an elite training environment to fulfill your potential, with our cutting edge training system, which is proven with unparalleled success in personal development, self defense and competition.
 Explore our custom performance based environment fitted with exclusive eye-catching brand decore, 6 full length Muay Thai bags, 2 boxing bags, professionally padded tarp mats, boxing ring, double end bags, weights, medicine balls, changing rooms, bamboo floored retail area, exquisite observation space, tailored restroom area, executive front desk and more.
 The word ‘Team’ in Team Elite stands for ‘ The Elite Achievement Mission ‘
 As a former Navy SEAL, I provide and guarantee an elite training environment to achieve your and your loved one’s highest potential through mindset, concepts, and techniques that empower you with the fortitude to become your best in martial arts, in competition, and in life.
 Our four A’s of elite achievement; Attendance, Attitude, Aptitude, and Athletic Ability guide you to become the best version of yourself that you’ve always imagined. Our innovative performance based class structure and Elite Assessment System ensures you are on track towards your goals.
 Join us in becoming your best!
 Remember you don’t have to be ‘the’ best, but you can never fail to give your best. Join us and discover how you can…Defy the odds & “Be Elite!”

 Be Elite!

 No more posts

 ### ### Achievment in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Brazilian Ground Fighting Kenneth Bigbee Jr. has demonstrated outstanding devotion to the training of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, the Brazilian Art of Ground Fighting, from the day of initiation this organization; has shown and demonstrated loyalty, dedication, and personal growth required for training; has fully completed the requirements, both mentally and physically, for the promotion examination, and further, has displayed proficiency and skill under all standards and guidelines set forth by Professor Marcello C. Monteiro for the rank of 2nd Degree Black Belt
 Professor Marcello C. Monteiro

 # Elite Instructors

 ## About Kenny Hello my name is Kenneth Bigbee and I am the chief instructor and owner of DragonFly Martial Arts Academy. I am training in the martial arts for over two decades and have had the pleasure of training with some of the most amazing instructors in the world.
 I am also proud to say I am a former Navy S.E.A.L, so if anyone knows dedication, struggle and training… it’s me.

 Learn More About Kenny

 #### Brayton Jones Brayton has 10+ years experience and serves as both a Jiu Jitsu instructor with a Black Belt Rank and Muay Tai instructor with Purple Shorts rank.

 #### Kevin Edwards Kevin has 11+ years experience and serves as a Jiu Jitsu instructor with Black Belt rank.

 #### Scott Shearin Scott has 8+ years experience in both Jiu Jitsu and Muay Tai, currently instructing Jiu Jitsu with Brown Belt rank and Muay Thai with Blue Shorts rank.

 #### Patrick Tucker Pat has 4+ years experience in Jiu Jitsu serves as an instructor with a Purple Belt Rank.

 #### Jacob Montgomery Jacob has 6+ years experience in both Jiu Jitsu and Muay Tai, currently serving as a Muay Tai Instructor with a Purple Shorts Rank.

 #### Gill Journey Gill has 25+ years experience in in wrestling and serves as a Grappling Instructor for featured sessions and events.

 Contact Team Elite

 ### Elite Affiliates

 ### DragonFly Martial Arts Academy
 ### Tri-Star Martial Arts Academy Tri-Star Martial Arts Academy
 275 N. Industrial Dr.
 Bradley, IL 60915
 tristarkarate.com
 815-932-5425

 ### Triumph Boxing & Martial Arts Triumph Boxing & Martial Arts
 9504 Haver Way
 Indianapolis, IN 46240
 317-389-4861

 ### Fierce Martial Arts Fierce Martial Arts
 1640 I Ave
 New Castle, Indiana 47362
 (765) 520-2017

 ### Mouser Strength Dynamics Mouser Strength Dynamics
 W Run Rd
 Morgantown, WV 26508

 Discover the Warrior in You at DragonFly Martial Arts

 Get Started Today

 Call Team Elite today!
 877-889-KICK

 (877-889-5425)

 DragonFly Martial Arts Academy
 122 W. Main St • Plainfield, IN 46168

 ### DragonFly Martial Arts Academy
