---
source_url: https://pottstownata.com/index.php/our-programs/
final_url: https://pottstownata.com/index.php/our-programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:08.969Z
---

##### TRAINING PROGRAMS We have several programs for a variety of purposes, ranging from basic martial arts, to self defense, to esteem and life skills building and more. Over the years, the ATA has come to realize that there are many reasons for studying Songahm Taekwondo, and we have worked hard to develop programs that will help realize these goals rather than forcing our students into one, linear area of study and practice.
 Songahm Taekwondo itself is always evolving, and as such we will always develop new programs and update our existing programs to ensure our students have as much access to the different aspects of Songahm Taekwondo as possible.
 - ATA Tigers - Juniors - Teens and Adults
 ##### ADVANCED TRAINING PROGRAMS For students interested in achieving their Black Belt and expanding their Martial Arts training, we offer several challenging and rewarding levels of instruction.
 In conjunction with learning technical forms and self-defense, students in the advanced programs develop skills in sparring and use of weapons. These students strive to lead by example, demonstrating the behavior, character and motivation of a black belt.
 - Black Belt Club - Master Club - Combat Weapons
 ##### TRAINEE INSTRUCTOR PROGRAMS At Karate for Kids Family Centers, we build future leaders of America for a better tomorrow.
 The Junior Trainee Instructor Program and Trainee Instructor Program work together to prepare interested students for instructor certification. Trainee Instructors are people who enjoy teaching others or who are interested in a career in the martial arts. This program encourages students to set higher goals and develop a deeper understanding of Taekwondo
 - Leadership - Legacy
