---
source_url: https://pottstownata.com
final_url: https://pottstownata.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:09.317Z
---

## Welcome to Pottstown ATA
 We offer martial arts classes for ages 4 through adult. We are currently holding classes both in person and online through Zoom!

 Pottstown ATA is conveniently located in North Coventry, PA in the Shops at Coventry Shopping Center. We offer a variety of class times (Monday – Friday) to fit any schedule. If you are visiting our website you have already taken the first step in becoming a black belt! The next step is to stop in and talk to an instructor about which class(es) are right for you or your child.Want to learn a little bit more before stopping in? Please complete the form by clicking on our photo slideshow above on this page and someone will contact you. We are always willing to answer your questions and would love to schedule a free class for you.

 ## What We Offer

 #### Physical Fitness ATA FIT develops flexibility, power, speed, coordination, agility, accuracy...
 Read more

 #### Discipline Discipline begins with obedience- listening to our parents, instructors, po...
 Read more

 #### Stress Relief Taekwondo helps in reducing stress by giving you better control over your b...
 Read more

 #### Self-Defense Unfortunately, today’s society can be a dangerous and threatening place for
 Read more

 #### Improved Coordination Taekwondo is one of the best exercises available, because it includes kicki...
 Read more

 #### Increased Flexibility Flexibility is essential to performing those flashy head kicks that Taekwon...
 Read more

 ## Our Staff

 Mr. Michael Morgan 4th Degree Black Belt, Owner & Head Instructor Mr. Morg...
 Read more

 Miss Kayla Morgan 5th Degree Black Belt, Instructor Miss Morgan is a 5th degr...
 Read more

 View All

 ## Our Testimonials
 Since 2016, my children have been taking classes at ATA Pottstown. Mr. Morgan and all of the instructors have been amazing. After just 2 months of classes, my son got very sick with a chronic illness and he could have been treated differently. He could have gotten frustrated and quit, but that never happened. Instead, with the help of our ATA family, my (more…)

 - Diane W. | -

 My son began Taekwondo in 2013, when he was just 4 years old. Pottstown ATA has been worth every penny spent! He not only learns traditional forms, a variety of weapons, sparring, and board-breaking, but he also is learning important life skills such as: honesty, self-discipline, self-control, integrity, and setting goals. Pottstown ATA not only teaches about the (more…)

 - Pam B. | -

 My kids have been training at Pottstown ATA since 2015. My son is currently training for his 3rd degree black belt and my girls are both 1st Degree Black Belts. They all love going to class and have had nothing but a pleasant experience. It is a great atmosphere even with the other “karate” moms & dads.”

 - Stacey E. | -

 ## Hours of Operation
 Monday
 2:00PM-8:00PM
 Tuesday
 2:00PM-8:00PM
 Wednesday
 2:00PM-8:00PM
 Thursday
 2:00PM-8:00PM
 Friday
 2:00PM-8:00PM
 See Class Schedule

 ➤
