---
source_url: https://cajun-combat.com/memberships/
final_url: https://cajun-combat.com/memberships/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:16.307Z
---

# Memberships & Special Offers Are you looking for a Jiu-Jitsu membership? Then make sure to check out our membership options and our special offer. You can join us on a monthly basis, and even add additional members at a reduced price! If you aren’t ready for a full membership you can get started with our one-week trial! Pick the right offer for you and see what our Metairie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym can do for you!

 #### Monthly Membership Are you ready to join a Metairie Jiu-Jitsu gym? Then join us on our monthly membership of $120/month. Become a part of our training family and see where your true potential is.

 Join Now
 ##### Start Your Membership ×

 #### Additional Member Membership Are you interested in signing up for a monthly membership but have a partner, child, or friend who you want to join? Then come in and talk to us about our additional membership option! After signing up for a monthly membership, you can add additional members for $75/month. You are required to use the same payment method.

 Learn More
 ##### ×

 #### One-Week Trial We know jumping fully into Jiu-Jitsu can be a daunting task. That’s why we have a trial period for you to test the waters. Sign up for a week of Jiu-Jitsu lessons for $20 and see what we have to offer you!

 Join Now
 ##### Sign Up for Your One-Week Trial! ×

 ### Take a look at our Jiu-Jitsu schedule! ##### Make sure to find the best time that fits your schedule for Jiu-Jitsu classes!
 View Schedule download schedule

 #### Check out what ### Cajun Combat Martial Arts has to offer!
 Come get started in Jiu-Jitsu classes and check out our offers. We have monthly membership options with the ability to add additional members! And don’t forget our one-week paid trial! Check them out and see how you can get your journey started today!

 ### Contact Us! It has been an honor to provide Metairie martial arts since 2022. Cajun Combat Martial Arts also invites those in New Orleans, Kenner, River Ridge, and Harahan. You can find us at the intersection of Airline Drive and Little Farms Avenue!

 (985) 360-8603

 7070 Airline Dr, Metairie, LA 70003
