---
source_url: https://cajun-combat.com
final_url: https://cajun-combat.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:17.286Z
---

## A Laid-Back, Beginner Friendly, Family-Oriented BJJ Gym # Cajun Combat Martial Arts ##
 Get Started Today

 ##### Sign Up for Your One-Week Trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Cajun Combat Martial Arts
 Welcome to Cajun Combat Martial Arts—the only Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym in Metairie, LA to offer No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu! The New Orleans area gym is designed to blend a laid-back, calm atmosphere with competitive Jiu-Jitsu training. Our tight-knit community helps us keep a positive attitude while truly working hard. We teach legit martial arts skills in safe and regulated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes. Students improve their health and fitness in a fun way that teaches them how to fight. As well as the physical skills, students can heighten their mental strength with a healthy outlet to release stress. Come join us for fun and productive Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu lessons!

 ## #### Join us on a ### one-week trial! ##### Start your martial arts journey with a trial period of one week of Jiu-Jitsu training! See what we can do for you and how Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can make you your best self!

 Sign Up Today ##### Sign Up for Your One-Week Trial! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Memberships

 #### Our School Gym owner Chance Braud brings enthusiasm to every day of Jiu-Jitsu classes. We want all our students – in adult or kids Jiu-Jitsu – to feel a sense every day in our gym. This starts with our attitude and carries onto our training style. Instead of static drills, we have live drills which put students in situations where they have goals to achieve. We play games – especially in kids Jiu-Jitsu classes – that help them learn the position and move, and lets them discover their own methods. All this is to help students learn fighting skills, self-preservance, and to continue to push themselves. Still, we have more than fun and interactive training. We host multiple events to keep our culture tight-knit, including Fight-Nights and Birthday parties. If you’re looking for a fun, productive Metairie Jiu-Jitsu gym, look no further than Cajun Combat Martial Arts!
 #### Our History We have strived to become the best Metairie Jiu-Jitsu gym since we opened in 2022. This includes being the only gym to offer No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu, refining our curriculum, and finding the right culture. We now have a gym that doesn’t pressure students. Students can get better in our competitive, yet laid-back atmosphere. Owner and founder, Chance Braud, opened our doors to provide the community all the benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu he received. Chance started training in 2012 and quickly learned that you must suffer and use perseverance to master something. HIs perseverance pushed him to become the youngest Black Belt in Louisiana. Chance also ended up winning a 2019 National Title and multiple big tournaments. He hopes that his perspective can help others become great on and off the mats.

 ## #### Join us on a ### one-week trial! ##### Start your martial arts journey with a trial period of one week of Jiu-Jitsu training! See what we can do for you and how Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can make you your best self!

 Sign Up Today ##### Sign Up for Your One-Week Trial! ×

 #### Meet the ### Instructor
 ##### Chance Braud ###### Owner and Head Instructor
 Our Metairie Jiu-Jitsu gym is led by Chance Braud. Chance has found his rhythm at Cajun Combat, building a culture that is welcoming, competitive, and a place you can joke around. As the youngest black belt in Louisiana history, his expertise is second-to-none.

 ### Take a look at our Jiu-Jitsu schedule! ##### Make sure to find the best time that fits your schedule for Jiu-Jitsu classes!
 View Schedule download schedule

 #### Learn More About Our ### Programs
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program allows any and all types of martial artists to join us. We have adult and kids Jiu-Jitsu, including No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes. We are the only gym in the Greater New Orleans area that offers No-Gi training. Find the right class for you and your family today!

 #### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu This is a fun way for children to get started in martial arts. Students have fun while working hard and improving their physical and mental health to further along their self-development.

 #### Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Muay Thai Kickboxing Our adult course provides No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for students. They are able to come in and train for self-defense techniques, competition skills, and their general fitness.

 ### Don’t Just Take Our Word for It, See What our Students are Saying Cajun Combat Martial Arts is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym for everyone. Our laid-back yet competitive environment pushes students to thrive while not placing too much pressure on them. We pride ourselves on this. Check out what our community has to say about our culture and why we are a great place for everyone!

 Previous “The classes are smaller so you get a better chance to go in depth and work on your flaws or techniques. Highly recommend to train here. You will love the Cajun Combat family.”

 Jimmy Delarosa
 Google

 “If you would like to get your little one involved in marital arts, I would definitely recommend Cajun Combat.”

 Nique’o Jamaal
 Google

 “We’ve tried other martial arts in the area and none of them come close to the quality of Cajun Combat.”

 Michael Lucado
 Google

 “Coach Chance and the whole team are top-notch, and I have no doubt that your kids will enjoy their experience just as much as mine have.”

 Natalie
 Google

 Next

 ## #### Join us on a ### one-week trial! ##### Start your martial arts journey with a trial period of one week of Jiu-Jitsu training! See what we can do for you and how Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can make you your best self!

 Sign Up Today ##### Sign Up for Your One-Week Trial! ×

 ### Contact Us! It has been an honor to provide Metairie martial arts since 2022. Cajun Combat Martial Arts also invites those in New Orleans, Kenner, River Ridge, and Harahan. You can find us at the intersection of Airline Drive and Little Farms Avenue!

 (985) 360-8603

 7070 Airline Dr, Metairie, LA 70003
