---
source_url: https://renojiujitsucollective.com
final_url: https://renojiujitsucollective.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:39.328Z
---

### Welcome To ## Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Welcome to Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, where every student is important.
 Our academy is more than just a place to learn Jiu-Jitsu, it’s a home away from home. There’s no “one size fits all” formula for BJJ training, so we approach each student with individualized care and support. This means that, regardless of your goals, you’ll find a positive environment where you can grow as a person. Whether you’re here as a hobbyist, competitor, or to learn self-defense, you’re guaranteed to receive top-quality instruction. If you’re searching for Jiu-Jitsu classes in Reno, look no further. At Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, you belong!
 Try For Free!
 ##### Limited Time Offer: Special Introductory Discount! ×

 ## What Sets Us Apart At Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we stand apart from the crowd. Here are a few of the advantages of our martial arts training that you won’t find elsewhere:

 - - Family-Oriented Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu provides a safe environment for family members of all ages to train. - Diverse We accept individuals regardless of their goals or experience. Men and women alike are encouraged to better themselves on and off the mat. - Positive At Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu you’ll be surrounded by a community of encouraging martial artists. - Confidence-Boosting The poise and courage you develop through Jiu-Jitsu training will translate to other areas of your life. - Individualized At Reno BJJ, we believe every student and their unique training goals are important. - Stress-Relieving Martial arts training provides an ideal outlet for negative energy and pent-up stress.

 ### Learn More About Us:
 #### About Us: Owner Professor Espinoza knows that Jiu-Jitsu made him a better person all around and wants to share these benefits with the community. At Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Arturo has assembled a top-notch coaching staff. With over two decades of coaching and teaching experience in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, self defense, martial arts and other sports, our instructors’ background’s include but are not limited to; Military Combatives, Level Five LEO Certification, active First Responders with specialized tactical team training, wrestling, classroom instruction, and community involvement.
 This collective background is key in providing the top-quality BJJ classes found at Reno Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. No matter your age or experience level, Reno instructors will help you learn and feel the positive impact of martial arts. Our family-friendly programs combine a structured curriculum with a laid-back environment. We encourage everyone – men, women, kids and adults – to check out our Jiu-Jitsu classes and experience the difference!

 #### Learn More About Us!

 ## ## Discover all the essential details about our class schedule right here – from times, dates, to locations. Furthermore, our array of classes, available throughout the week, encompasses BJJ sessions. Additionally, these classes cater to all skill levels, from beginners taking their first steps to advanced practitioners honing their expertise. Therefore, fueled by their experience and a genuine passion for teaching BJJ, our instructors are dedicated to propelling you towards your goals.
 Keep in mind that our schedule might undergo changes. Thus, we encourage you to make regular revisits for updates. For those seeking more personalized instruction, we provide the option of private lessons that can be tailored to your convenience. Should inquiries about our schedule or classes arise, please feel free to reach out without hesitation. We eagerly anticipate your presence on the mat!

 #### Download Class Schedule: Download PDF!

 #### Ages 4-7 ### Little's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Foster your child's confidence and discipline in a fun, safe environment tailored for their age group, where they'll learn essential Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques while developing valuable social skills.

 #### Ages 8-13 ### Kid's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Our Kid's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program offers a dynamic blend of physical fitness, self-defense, and character development, empowering young participants to build resilience and respect while mastering the art of Jiu-Jitsu in a supportive community setting.

 #### Ages 14+ ### Adult's Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Dive into the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as an adult, whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, with our comprehensive program designed to enhance physical fitness, self-defense skills, and mental clarity, all within a welcoming and inclusive training environment.

 ## Reno Photos!
