---
source_url: https://highhatbjj.com
final_url: https://www.highhatbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:55.640Z
---

## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU & WRESTLILNG GYM IN SOUTH BURLINGTON, VT

 TRAIN WITH US
 TRAIN WITH US

 ## WE’RE DEDICATED TO PROVIDING A SAFE, ENGAGING ENVIRONMENT FOR ATHLETES OF ALL AGES & EXPERIENCE TO TRAIN.

 Coach Shayne Fenton is a brown belt training under Nick Bramlage of Infinity Martial Arts.
 He opened High Hat BJJ in 2023 with the vision of creating a cooperative training room, focusing on fundamental jiu jitsu, grappling, and self-defense techniques. Jiu jitsu competition training is also an aspect of the program.
 Our youth program is an introduction to the fundamentals of jiu jitsu, self-defense, and cardio conditioning. Participants will learn techniques in a positive and controlled environment, allowing them to develop skills to build self-confidence, awareness, and self-defense Learn more and see our schedule of classes here.

 ### WHY BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU? “I’ve seen the benefits firsthand of how the sport of BJJ enhances focus, boosts athleticism, builds strong relationships, and improves coordination and body awareness. The structure builds confidence to deal with adversity and the physical contact enhances instinctual reactions in situations.”
 - Coach Shayne Fenton

 ### FREE TRIAL CLASS FOR NEW STUDENTS If you’re interested in training at High Hat BJJ, we offer a free trial class for all new students. Drop us a line and we’ll schedule you for our next open session!

 ### SOUTH BURLINGTON 338 Dorset Street
 South Burlington, VT
 05403
