---
source_url: http://www.solidarityjiujitsu.com/page/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://solidarityjiujitsu.com/page/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:32.580Z
---

Solidarity Jiu Jitsu
 email kirby.solidarity@gmail.com
 phone 669-347-6158

 #### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 Unlock speed and precision with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 - Schedule - Duration 50 Minutes
 BOOK FREE TRIAL CLASS CONTACT US

 Adult / Teens BJJ
 Fundamental A (CTA): This class is designed to teach the basic concepts and principles of BJJ in a beginner-friendly environment. Our fundamental classes follow the Caio Terra Curriculum focusing on strong foundational skills. Each class is one hour long and ends with short positional sparring.

 Fundamental B (CTB): This class builds on the fundamental A class incorporating more advanced positions. This is a one-hour gi class following the Caio Terra Curriculum. Each class ends with live sparring.

 - Fitness With such a fast pace, you’ll be burning tons of calories while practicing Jiu Jitsu. - Grappling While many martial art disciplines incorporate grappling here and there, when it comes to BJJ - Self-Defense Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master. - Positive Environment You’ll love BJJ because we love BJJ. At Solidarity Jiu Jitsu, we are passionate about sharing the gift

 No-gi
 The no-gi class is an advanced class that teaches technique meant to adapt to lack of the gi for grips. It is an hour long class, time spent on technique is shorter and more time is spent on positional or live sparring.

 Contact Us
 Solidarity Jiu JItsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!
 - 669-347-6158 - Kirby.solidarity@gmail.com - 1337 Blossom Hill Rd Ste 110 San Jose, CA 95118

 Your Name

 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) SUBMIT
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.
