---
source_url: http://www.solidarityjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://solidarityjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:33.071Z
---

Solidarity Jiu Jitsu
 email kirby.solidarity@gmail.com
 phone 669-347-6158

 #### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 Solidarity Jiu Jitsu
 Jiu Jitsu for the Greater Good
 BOOK FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## Welcome to! Solidarity Jiu Jitsu
 Sol-i-dar-i-ty: unity or agreement of feeling or action, especially among individuals with a common interest; mutual support within a group
 At Solidarity Jiu Jitsu, we're redefining what Brazilian Jiu Jitsu means to the San Jose community. We believe this martial art has the power to create lasting, positive change—not just on the mats, but in everyday life. That’s why our focus goes beyond technique. We’re building a community rooted in humility, respect, and growth.

 No egos. No hierarchies. Just people supporting each other. Our priority is the health, wellbeing, and safety of every member who walks through our doors. We didn’t create a school to glorify one individual-we created a space where everyone learns, improves, and thrives together.

 As a proud affiliate of the Caio Terra Academy , we follow the world-renowned Caio Terra curriculum - a structured and proven system that emphasizes strong fundamentals, technical precision, and continuous development for practitioners at all levels.

 OUR PROGRAMS
 Kids Programs
 Ages 4-9

 Learn More
 Youth Programs
 Ages 10-13
 Learn More

 Adult / Teens BJJ
 Ages 14+
 Learn More
 Bang Muay Thai
 Learn More

 Contact Us

 Why It's Important
 Community
 Jiu jitsu for the greater good” means everyone who steps in this door matters, and we work hard to support one another as we train.

 Respect
 Training at Solidaritywill help you gain a new level of respect for yourself, your peers, and your instructors.

 Physical Fitness
 The physical benefits of BJJ training are vast: improved balance, endurance, strength, and the ability to defend yourself.

 Courage
 With every step of progress and every challenge you face, you’ll find yourself developing a stronger sense of bravery and ability to stand up for yourself.
