---
source_url: http://www.renzograciemorgantown.com/classes
final_url: https://renzograciemorgantown.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:46.624Z
---

# CLASSES OFFERED ### Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 #### GI Class - We offer - Beginnger Intermediate and Advanced Classes
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training for the beginner and the experienced adult. Our training will have you working hard while learning the basics to advanced techniques of Jiu Jitsu.

 #### No GI CLass - We Offer-Beginner Intermediate Advanced
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training for the beginner and the experienced adult. Our Fundamental training will have you working hard while learning the basics of Jiu Jitsu. With less grips, the NoGi approach explores different approaches to control and submissions and variances on techniques taught in the Gi.

 #### Kids Class- ALl Levels
 In our Kids Program, children will develop the skills and knowledge of Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and fun learning environment. They will learn how to take falls safely, basics of movement, body mechanics and positional study. Through the practice of these skills, children will develop a strong sense of discipline to help build their confidence

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### 1 Week Free Trial! Come in and start any day/any class

 email to get started- info@renzograciemorgantown.com
