---
source_url: http://www.renzograciemorgantown.com
final_url: https://renzograciemorgantown.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:47.153Z
---

# Ways to Help #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Offering training for the beginner and the experienced adult. Our fundamental training will have you working hard while learning the basics of Jiu Jitsu.

 Read More

 #### Kids BJJ #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 We provide an environment that allows children 4-12 to experience and understand core values like focus, discipline, persistence, cooperation and respect.

 Read More

 #### Wrestling #### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Wrestling
 Additional class opportunities that bolster and improve the necessary skills and conditioning for BJJ. Choose from a variety of martial arts.

 Read More

 ### WE ARE NOT IN THE BUSINESS OF MARTIAL ARTS. WE ARE IN THE BUSINESS OF BUILDING CONFIDENCE; CONFIDENCE NOT ONLY TO DEFEND YOURSELF — WE BUILD THE CONFIDENCE REQUIRED TO FACE LIFE. MASTER RENZO GRACIE

 ## About Us #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art focused on grappling and ground fighting . The goal is to control your opponent and get them to give up using techniques that work best when you're on the ground. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches you how to take an opponent down safely and hold a strong position to stay in control. It’s all about using smart

 Show More
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art focused on grappling and ground fighting . The goal is to control your opponent and get them to give up using techniques that work best when you're on the ground. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches you how to take an opponent down safely and hold a strong position to stay in control. It’s all about using smart moves and leverage, making it a practical and effective way to defend yourself.

 Show Less

 #### Goals For Success #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 - Train as hard as you can every time - Come to classes often to improve faster - Pay close attention to your instructors - Focus and work hard to learn new skills correctly

 #### Who Are We? #### What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? #### Who Are We?
 Located in Morgantown, WV, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu gym is dedicated to creating a welcoming space where students of all ages and skill levels can learn and experience the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. With over 1,800 sq. ft. of mat space , we provide plenty of room for training, growth, and community.

 View Our Class Schedule Here!

 ## Social Media Page

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### 1 Week Free Trial! Come in and start any day/any class

 email to get started- info@renzograciemorgantown.com
