---
source_url: https://unityjiujitsuvs.com/valley-stream-jiu-jitsu-schedule/
final_url: https://unityjiujitsuvs.com/valley-stream-jiu-jitsu-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:47.781Z
---

Join Us Free Trial

 0 You have 0 items in your cart
 Go To Shopping

 Follow Us On
 Join Us Free Trial

 # Schedule

 ### OUR SCHEDULE

 Email us at hello@unityjiujitsuvs.com for scheduling and membership information.
 Please wear White Gis for Gi class and Black Rashguards and Black Shorts for NoGi.

 ### REGISTER ONLINE

 Click on a class below to sign in.

 ### Try for free

 #### FREE TRIAL DAY FOR VISITORS LIVING IN NY/NJ/CT Your whole first day is free, and if it’s your first time doing Jiu Jitsu, your introduction lesson is free as well. You’re more than welcome to come back anytime, but the visitor fees will apply after this first trial day.

 Free Trial

 ### FAQ

 #### VISITOR PRICES FOR DAY/WEEK Our Visitor fees are during the week $30 for the day, all unlimited training. You’re welcome to all of the classes.

 #### VISITOR PRICES FOR A MONTH OR MORE If you’re coming from away and want to stay a month or more, we can figure out the price with you once you’re here. Please contact us to discuss.

 #### VISITOR POLICIES/GYM RULES Everyone is welcome! We have no gi requirements – wear whatever gi you want. If you’re going to wear spats/leggings, you will be required to wear shorts or pants over them. Please be respectful and honest, and you train your best while you’re here. Also, there is no video-taking. Photos are ok!

 #### MEMBERSHIP PRICES Come in during any class to check us out and make sure we’re a good fit for you. The prices can be discussed if you feel like moving forward. We want people here who want to be here, so we have options and discounts, and will help you find the best price we can offer. We aren’t any more expensive than any other high-end Jiu Jitsu school in the area, and we are flexible where we can be.

 #### ALL-LEVEL CLASSES The classes are all-levels, and anyone is welcome to come either on a trial basis or by paying our membership fee.

 #### WOMENS PROGRAM The Women’s program is integrative. Any woman showing up to one of the main classes will have the option of a female training partner, and they’ll never be the only woman in the gym.
 We integrate because we feel it’s important for bigger people to learn how to level the playing field and ensure good training for everyone when paired up with smaller people. And especially in the case of women interested in self-defense, it’s important to train with men.
 Our purpose is to have everyone as comfortable as possible training with all sizes of training partners, and for everyone to get the best training possible, regardless of size or gender.
