---
source_url: https://unityjiujitsuvs.com
final_url: https://unityjiujitsuvs.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:53.868Z
---

Join Us Free Trial

 0 You have 0 items in your cart
 Go To Shopping

 Follow Us On
 Join Us Free Trial

 HARD WORK BY GOOD PEOPLE Unity Valley Stream Our Schedule

 ### Kids Program Providing children with the opportunity to learn bjj can have a number of benefits, including improving physical fitness, developing discipline and focus, and building self-confidence.

 ### Adults Program A full-body workout that enhances your cardiovascular health, builds strength, and improves flexibility and balance.

 ### Womens Program Our Women Only Jiu Jitsu Class is safe and comfortable, a place where you can thrive!

 ### HEAD INSTRUCTOR

 Fabio Alves (Canela) is a Unity Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Professor Murilo Santana.

 Fabio was born and raised in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil. At the age of 12, he started his martial arts career training capoeira under his good friend mestre Lampreia. After mestre Lampreia relocated to Europe, Fabio’s mother wanted him to continue training to stay off the streets and out of trouble and signed him up for Judo classes.

 When Fabio was 17, he watched the notorious Royce Gracie fighting Vale Tudo in his Gi and was instantly hooked. He started focusing on jiu jitsu under Master Maricio Robbe, the leader of Gracie Barra Bahia, where he trained up to Purple Belt under the supervision of his friend Daniel Issac.

 Fabio’s jiu jitsu journey stopped for 6 years after a motorcycle accident, but that accident didn’t stop him from chasing his dream to become a Black Belt. In 2015, Unity Jiu Jitsu opened in NYC and Fabio joined day one to pursue that goal, ultimately earning his Black Belt in 2021 from his Professor, Murilo Santana.

 Unity Jiu Jitsu Valley Stream opened in 2023 with Murilo’s blessing.

 Multiple time IBJJF Gi/No Gi Open Champion
 IBJJF Pan No Gi Champion
 Multiple time IBJJF Pan Gi/No Gi Medalist
 Multiple time IBJJF Master World Gi/No Gi Medalist

 ### Our Schedule

 Email us at hello@unityjiujitsuvs.com for scheduling and membership information.
 Please wear White Gis for Gi class and Black Rashguards and Black Shorts for NoGi.

 ### Try for free

 #### FREE TRIAL DAY FOR VISITORS LIVING IN NY/NJ/CT Your whole first day is free, and if it’s your first time doing Jiu Jitsu, your introduction lesson is free as well. You’re more than welcome to come back anytime, but the visitor fees will apply after this first trial day.

 Free Trial

 ### SIGN UP FOR UPDATES, EVENTS & PROMOTIONS

 Leave this field empty if you're human:
