---
source_url: http://www.seattlejiujitsuacademy.com/kids-programs
final_url: https://www.seattlejiujitsuacademy.com/kids-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:05.054Z
---

#
 ## Empower Your Child with Confidence, Focus & Fun

 Claim Your Free Trial Class Now

 “ Outstanding kids/youth program. Fantastic curriculum and great - encouraging - energy from the instructors/coaches. ” — Ben

 ### For Beginners (Ages 5–7) - Safety First: In our Jiu-Jitsu program there is no striking, no punches. We teach control and leverage in a safe, fun, and supervised environment. - Engaging & playful learning: Classes blend fun warm-ups with core Jiu-Jitsu moves—takedowns, guard passes, position work—designed to develop coordination and motor skills. - Attention drills: build listening and responsiveness, giving your child the discipline to thrive both on and off the mats. - Life Skills: Martial arts is unique in that we don’t just teach the physical coordination, but we focus on life skills (daily topics related to Respect, Discipline, Confidence, Community) that stick with your child throughout their entire life.
 ### For Older Kids (Ages 8–12) - Strategic development: Dive deeper into advanced techniques, competition rules, and point strategies for those with a competitive spark. - Skill & mindset building: Structured classes that refine technique and build practical Jiu-Jitsu thinking for school, sports, and life.

 ### Why Parents Love SJJA’s Kids Program Our program isn’t just about martial arts—it’s a launchpad for personal growth.
 - Boosts Confidence & Discipline: Every small win on the mat builds your child’s self-belief. - Develops Lifelong Skills: Focus, coordination, respect, and resilience become part of their everyday toolbox. - Built-in Support from Day One: Newcomers are immediately embraced by our friendly community of students, coaches and parents, making the transition smooth and encouraging. - Let them experience our fun, safe, and skill-focused environment before committing. Book your trial lesson today!

 Claim Your Free Trial Class Now

 ### Read Our Most Recent Google Reviews

 “ We had an amazing experience here, with the coaches being very welcoming to our child as she was hesitant her first day. That didn’t last very long! She quickly grew to absolutely love coming to SJJA.
 We were also blown away by the level of instruction, with coaches quite often paired up with just a couple kids and even at times grappling one on one with them. ” — Elizabeth

 “ Our son absolutely loves jujutsu here. It’s fun, engaging, and there are many instructors to help multiple kids.
 The place is large and beautifully maintained. There’s lots of parking and it is ADA compliant. I highly recommend you check it out if your kiddo is interested. ” — Krista

 “ We are thrilled to have found SJJA and have watched our son (not a sports person) grow and blossom in confidence, coordination, and sportsmanship. We love the inclusive and friendly community, and the coaches are just the best. ” — Lia

 “ We enrolled our kids in SJJA and loved our training there. The coaches and professor are excellent. Coach Matt and Jen are great in guiding, teaching and mentoring the kids. Professor David’s expertise and intensity worked perfectly for our kids. Their skill and confidence grew exponentially during their year of training! ” — Candice

 “ We have been so happy with our time at SJJA! They do an excellent job at coaching each child individually, meeting them where they are, while also maintaining strong group standards. Our son has learned so much in the 3 months he’s been there, and we can see it positively impacting other areas of life. We love that the focus is on self-improvement, careful steady practice and respect for others, while learning Jujitsu. ” — Ashley

 Claim Your Free Trial Class Now
