---
source_url: https://jeweljj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://jeweljj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:17.627Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Fayetteville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Jewel Jiu Jitsu Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Fayetteville Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Fayetteville! Our Gi and No Gi Adult classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Fayetteville will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 Our Gi and No Gi Jiu Jitsu classes will:
 - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Jewel Jiu Jitsu Academy Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## Real Training. Real Results. Real Jiu Jitsu. Request information

 Coach Jewel is amazing! What a kind spirit he has! Patient and very encouraging to any level belt! My kids are 4 and 8. & I come as well. We are all beginners! 10/10 would recommend his gym and services!

 Coach Jewel is a phenomenal teacher, my kiddos love going to his classes, they would go every day if they could! (Which they ask to do as soon as they’re done with homework.) Since coming here, they have gained both confidence and discipline. It gives me so much peace of mind that my children now know self-defense and that they are able to learn it in such a welcoming environment.

 I am going to Jewel Jiu Jitsu ACADEMY and I love his teaching and I am 10 years old. I recommend to come and join for some of rhe best teaching. Thank you Coach Jewel for all your dedication.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
