---
source_url: https://jeweljj.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://jeweljj.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:17.877Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Fayetteville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Jewel Jiu Jitsu Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes At Jewel Jiu Jitsu Academy, we get it. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a close-combat style that can be uncomfortable in mixed company or if you're just getting started.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across Fayetteville and Hope Mills a chance to train with confidence in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes. Build your skills one step at a time a get in a great workout that will help you see incredible results.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get more information now!

 ## What's Included in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know.
 Our Women's classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 Join us in Fayetteville and learn:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position
 ## And Unlike at your Big Box Gym, Our Workouts are Never Dull and Boring Think about it. At most gyms, you do the same thing over and over. Maybe you rotate three workouts each week. Maybe you just waste away on the treadmill.
 Either way, you're not challenging your body, and you're certainly not keeping your mind motivated.
 But with our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes, no two workouts are the same. Each week, we're challenging you with a new skill or situation. And you're constantly pushing yourself to be faster, stronger, and more efficient than you were last class.
 At Jewel Jiu Jitsu Academy, you can work harder than ever before without even realizing how much your body is getting out of each class.
 In no time, you'll enjoy:
 - Sustainable fat burn and improved heart health - Lean muscle gains and total-body strength - Improved speed, mobility, and athleticism - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 ## Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have Something for Everyone in Fayetteville and Hope Mills! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Jewel Jiu Jitsu Academy and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across Fayetteville and Hope Mills.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get more information now!

 ## Real Training. Real Results. Real Jiu Jitsu. Request information

 Coach Jewel is amazing! What a kind spirit he has! Patient and very encouraging to any level belt! My kids are 4 and 8. & I come as well. We are all beginners! 10/10 would recommend his gym and services!

 Coach Jewel is a phenomenal teacher, my kiddos love going to his classes, they would go every day if they could! (Which they ask to do as soon as they’re done with homework.) Since coming here, they have gained both confidence and discipline. It gives me so much peace of mind that my children now know self-defense and that they are able to learn it in such a welcoming environment.

 I am going to Jewel Jiu Jitsu ACADEMY and I love his teaching and I am 10 years old. I recommend to come and join for some of rhe best teaching. Thank you Coach Jewel for all your dedication.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
