---
source_url: https://www.macamartialarts.com
final_url: https://macamartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:21.843Z
---

MĀCA Martial Arts is a premier, family-oriented academy located in North Austin, Texas.

 We take a thoughtful, intentional approach to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , guided by a philosophy of quality over quantity . Each student is trained with care and purpose in a safe, structured training environment for kids, and adults allowing us to focus on personal growth, confidence, and strong values alongside refined physical technique. At MĀCA, we provide an elevated experience where every individual feels supported, respected, and inspired to become their best—on and off the mat .

 ## OUR MISSION…

 ## We believe in creating the best version of our students as a whole: Physically through martial arts and mentally through character development.

 View fullsize

 ### At MĀCA Martial Arts, we are dedicated to excellence, ensuring that our students receive top-notch training. Join us on this journey towards excellence in martial arts.

 Programs We Offer

 - Kids Jiu Jitsu Program Kids Martial Arts is the heart and soul of our academy. Join our kids jiu jitsu program to improve their STRENGTH, CONFIDENCE, and DISCIPLINE. Our classes are designed to teach not only SELF-DEFENSE SKILLS but also valuable LIFE LESSONS that will benefit them off the mat. - Adult Jiu Jitsu Program Join our adult Jiu Jitsu program to see drastic changes in your SPEED, FLEXIBILITY, ENDURANCE. and to get a big BOOST OF CONFIDENCE! Our experienced instructors will guide you through dynamic drills and techniques help you level up your skills and reach your goals. - Muay Thai and Kickboxing Engaging in Muay Thai and Kickboxing provides a FULL BODY WORKOUT that targets a variety of muscle groups, including cardio-vascular health, AGILITY, and MENTAL FOCUS. The combonatin of striking and sparring drills not only sharpens SELF-DEFENSE SKILLS but also promotes STRESS RELIEF and overall well-being
 Book Your FREE Class!
