---
source_url: https://triplesevenjiujitsu.com/page/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://triplesevenjiujitsu.com/page/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:02.823Z
---

TRIPLE SEVEN JIU JITSU
 email matthewpollino@gmail.com
 phone (805) 572 - 7387

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Ventura Request more information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Ventura Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Ventura! Our Adult BJJ classes are suitable for anyone looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about Adult BJJ, simply fill out the form on your screen today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Transform Your Mind & Body with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Ventura will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of BJJ focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength, making it an extremely effective form of self-defense for everyone. It also promotes a healthy lifestyle through regular physical activity.
 ##### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes will: - Provide you with an amazing community of people who support and encourage you - Help you increase your speed, strength, and overall physical and mental health - Teach you important self-defense skills needed to protect yourself and others - Give you the opportunity to get in full-body workouts on a regular basis
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with Triple Seven Jiu Jitsu Today! Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our BJJ classes today!
 Just fill out the form on your screen to learn more.

 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Contact Us ## contact form Please share information in the comments on what you're interested in so that we can follow up accordingly. Thanks!

 Your Name

 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.

 ## Experience Only the Best REQUEST INFORMATION

 ❯Go to Top
 Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
