---
source_url: https://triplesevenjiujitsu.com/page/elevate-learning-and-fitness-triple-seven-jiu-jitsu-partners-with-charter-schools
final_url: https://triplesevenjiujitsu.com/page/elevate-learning-and-fitness-triple-seven-jiu-jitsu-partners-with-charter-schools
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:02.908Z
---

TRIPLE SEVEN JIU JITSU
 email matthewpollino@gmail.com
 phone (805) 572 - 7387

 ## Elevate Learning and Fitness: Triple Seven Jiu Jitsu Partners With Charter Schools Request more information

 Discover the unique blend of education and physical fitness at Triple Seven Jiu Jitsu! By welcoming vouchers from charter schools, this program offers students a special chance to combine academic excellence with martial arts training.

 Accepted Vouchers:

 - Blue Ridge Academy
 Here's why this partnership is so beneficial:
 Blending Education and Fitness:
 Triple Seven Jiu Jitsu connects scholarly pursuits with physical exercise through its collaboration with charter schools. This approach recognizes the importance of both aspects in a student's overall growth.
 Holistic Development:
 Our martial arts training complements charter school education by fostering discipline, self-control, and mental strength, promoting well-rounded personal growth.
 Embracing Diversity and Inclusion:
 Accepting charter school vouchers promotes diversity and inclusivity, creating a vibrant community enriched by different backgrounds and perspectives.
 Building Strong Foundations:
 This partnership helps students develop essential skills and character traits necessary for personal and professional success. This forward-thinking approach nurtures holistic development, shaping individuals who thrive academically and physically, leading to a balanced life journey.

 ## Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 ## Contact Us ## contact form Please share information in the comments on what you're interested in so that we can follow up accordingly. Thanks!

 Your Name

 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.

 ## Experience Only the Best REQUEST INFORMATION

 ❯Go to Top

 Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions
