---
source_url: http://www.ebjj.com/?utm_campaign=gmb
final_url: https://ebjj.com/?utm_campaign=gmb
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:00.680Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 # MARTIAL ARTS SCHOOL CLASSES THAT WILL TRANSFORM YOUR LIFE IN UNION Welcome to Elijah Brazilian Jiujitsu Academy, where we transcend mere martial arts classes to provide a holistic lifestyle steeped in discipline, authentic leadership, and unwavering perseverance. Our ethos extends beyond the confines of the training arena, inspiring students to unlock their fullest potential in every facet of life.
 - Learn the ins and outs of Brazilian Jiujitsu
 - Acquire practical self-defense skills
 - Reach your fitness and life goals
 - Change your life and build healthier habits

 ## WELCOME TO ELIJAH BRAZILIAN JIUJITSU ACADEMY! ####

 ## Unleash Your Potential Through Martial Arts At Elijah Brazilian Jiujitsu Academy, we believe in the transformative power of our programs, dedicated to facilitating positive change in every individual who walks through our doors.

 Within our academy, you'll discover a nurturing environment designed to foster growth, confidence, and excellence. Our commitment to safety, positivity, and inclusivity ensures that each student feels welcomed and inspired to push their limits.

 With state-of-the-art facilities, pristine surroundings, and a tight-knit martial arts community, we provide the ideal setting for your journey of self-improvement.

 We invite students in the Union, Millburn, or close areas to join our martial arts and Brazilian Jiujitsu family!
 Secure Your First ClassBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## LET'S FIND THE RIGHT PROGRAM FOR YOU Kids BJJ

 Adult BJJ

 Summer Camp

 ## Are you ready to revolutionize your life? Book your first class today! ####

 ##

 ## ####
