---
source_url: https://www.beready360.com
final_url: https://www.beready360.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:25.173Z
---

# CERTIFICATIONS & AWARDS
 Krav Maga/ Muay Thai Kickboxing/No Gi Jiu Jitsu & MMA
 ​
 Instructor/Kru/Coach Juan R. Delgado
 Certifications
 Expert Series II Krav Maga Instructor Under Krav Maga Worldwide
 Krav Maga Force Training Division Instructor
 World Muay Thai Council Instructor ( Kru )
 United States Muay Thai Association Instructor ( Kru )
 Certified Personal Trainer under the I.S.S.A.
 Karbon Arms Master Instructor
 Phazzer Certified Instructor
 Valencia College and Florida Department of Law Enforcement Vehicular Operations Instructor
 Valencia College and Florida Department of Law Enforcement Certified Defensive Tactics Instructor
 Valencia College and Florida Department of Law Enforcement Certified Firearms Instructor
 Valencia College and Florida Department of Law Enforcement Certified Tactical Entry and Active Shooter Instructor
 Valencia College and Florida Department of Law Enforcement Certified OC Spray and Expandable Baton Instructor
 Certified A.L.i.C.E. Training institute instructor
 Certified Completion of the Force Science Institute Understanding & Principles
 ​
 Awards
 USMTA North American 154lbs Featherweight Muay Thai Champion
 FJJBPR ( Federacion de Jiu Jitsu Brasilero de Puerto Rico Gi and No-Gi Champion )
 IBJJF ( International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation ) Miami Open 3rd Place Bronze Medal Champion
 Brown Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Awarded Muay Thai Trainer of the year 2013 by DRD ( Departamento de Recreacion y Deportes )
 Awarded a Challenge Coin and recognition for Outstanding Instructional Service from Homeland Security
 Awarded a Challenge Coin and recognition for Outstanding Instuctional Service from the D.E.A.
 Awarded a Challenge Coin and recognition for Outstanding Instuctional Service from the United States Air Force
 2016 Krav Maga Instructor of the year under Krav Maga Worldwide
 2018 Krav Maga Marni Levine Fighting Spirit Award
 ​
 ​ Coach &Team Captain Reinaldo "El Fantasma" Diaz
 Certifications & Awards
 Khan/Grade VI Student under Kru Juan
 1 of only 5 students to receive a Mongkon from Kru Juan
 2025 WBC Pan American Class A Bronze Medalist
 2024 TBA B-Class Champion
 2022 IKF C-Class Westcoast Champion
 2021 IKF C-Class World Champion
 Rajadamnern Muay Thai Stadium Fight Winner
 Fought 5x in Thailand and Won all 5 Fights
 #1 Ranked Muay Thai Light weight in Puerto Rico
 ​
 Coach Alejandro "Taco" Ortiz
 Certifications & Awards
 Khan/Grade VI Student under Kru Juan Delgado
 2022 IKF East Coast Classic C-Class Champion
 2024 TBA World Expo C-Class Champion
 #1 Ranked Muay Thai Welterweight in Puerto Rico
 Level II Krav Maga Student
 Blue Belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Mestre Jean Cartagena
 ​
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (No Gi Program)
 Coach Juan Delgado Brown Belt lineage Mestre Jean Dalua Cartagena
 Coach Juan Ayala Purple Belt lineage John Danaher
 Coach Andres Vazquez Brown Belt lineage Dave Camarillo
 Wrestling Coach Dan Vallimont 2x NCAA Division 1 All American Purple Belt lineage Robby Delgado
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​

 ## KRAV MAGA
 Krav Maga Self-Defense: The most effective, real world, self-defense system that was originally developed for the Israeli military and is now the preferred system for U.S. military units and law enforcement agencies.
 At Krav Maga Worldwide, we teach street self-defense using:
 Various forms of strikes such as punches, elbows, knees, and kicks.
 Defenses against various attacks strikes, chokes, bear hugs, attempted kidnapping and rape as well as attackers with handguns, long guns, edged and blunt weapons .
 Ground fighting with the objective of neutralizing the attacker and getting up
 and a whole lot of realistic training drills.
 Krav Maga's quick counter-attacks and brutal offensive techniques make it the ideal fighting style for dangerous and unexpected situations. Krav Maga is not a traditional martial art, but a revolutionary self-defense program. No katas. No rituals.
 Based on simple principles and instinctive movements, this reality-based system is designed to teach extremely effective self-defense in the shortest possible time. Attend our self-defense classes at Combat 360 to learn Krav Maga. Our Instructors will teach you how to function during the stress and shock of a sudden, violent encounter. So you can neutralize the attacker(s) and get home safe to your family and loved ones. Our mission is to prepare our students for any and all dangerous situations.
 Tested on the battlefield and in the streets, Krav Maga’s practical approach to self-defense will make you safer and more secure. So come on in today and witness the changes in your mind and body.

 ## MUAY THAI KICKBOXING
 Muay Thai is referred to as “The Art of the Eight Limbs“, as the hands, shins, elbows, and knees are all used extensively in this art. A practitioner of Muay Thai (“nak muay“) thus has the ability to execute strikes using eight “points of contact,” as opposed to “two points” (fists) in Western boxing and “four points” (fists, feet) used in the primarily sport-oriented forms of martial arts.
 Even though traditional Muay Thai does not have ranks or grades like traditional Martial Arts, at Combat 360 we have adopted a grading system that gives the student a clear idea of where they are currently and what they need to accomplish to progress forward.

 The Muay Thai KHAN/GRADE get progressively darker from white to black with each color denoting an increasing level of technical understanding, practical application and physical conditioning. Students who understand where they are and what they need to improve are more focused which makes attaining their goals a straightforward, progressive process.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art, combat sport, and a self defense system that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint-locks and chokeholds to defeat the other person. BJJ training can be used for sport grappling tournaments (gi and no-gi) and mixed martial arts (MMA) competition or self-defense. Sparring (commonly referred to as "rolling") and live drilling play a major role in training, and a premium is placed on performance, especially in competition, in relation to progress and ascension through its ranking system

 ## MIXED MARTIAL ARTS
 Combat 360 MMA Program is like no other in Puerto Rico. First you must complete a minimum of 3 months of training in our Muay Thai, No Gi Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling programs to be eligible. This MMA Program is not designed for beginner's it is a intermediate & advance program, focusing on striking transitions, wall wrestling, ground fighting with strikes and the defenses of everything just mentioned. Those that participate in this program should also be in our other programs so the participants/athletes are more well rounded.

 ## IMPORTANT INFORMATION

 ### TRAINING SCHEDULE ### HORARIO DE ENTRENAMIENTO
 Monday/Lunes
 6:00pm Krav Maga
 7:00pm Muay Thai
 8:00pm Brazilian Jiu Jitsu No-Gi
 ​
 Tuesdays/Martes
 6:00pm Krav Maga
 7:00pm Muay Thai & MMA
 8:00pm Wrestling & Wrestle Up for No Gi Jiu Jitsu
 ​
 Wednesdays/Miercoles
 6:00pm Krav Maga
 7:00pm Muay Thai & MMA
 8:00pm Brazilian Jiu Jitsu No-Gi
 ​
 Thursdays /Jueves
 6:00pm Krav Maga
 7:00pm Muay Thai & MMA Sparring (Minimum of 2 months of training to assist)
 8:00pm Brazilian Jiu Jitsu No Gi
 ​
 Friday’s/Viernes
 6:00pm Open Mat & Open Gym ask your coach/kru/mestre to confirm. Confirmar primero con su coach/kru/mestre
 ​
 Saturday’s
 12:00pm till 1:30pm Muay Thai & MMA Training
 ​
 Sunday’s/Domingo’s
 Jiu Jitsu Open Mat 10:00am till 12:00pm (Confirm first before going)

 ### UPCOMING EVENTS & IMPORTANT INFORMATION
 Competitions and Fights that Combat 360 competitors & fighters will be participating:
 ​
 As of April 16, 2026
 ​ ​
 -Team Captain Reinaldo "El Fantasma" Diaz will be fighting for Freedom Fighters Muay Thai 61kg World Championship
 ​
 -TBA (Thai Boxing Association) World Expo is June 17 to June 22, 2026 in Iowa. Once again we are taking a Team from Combat in the past 3 years we have taken 7 athletes and crowned 5 TBA Champions .
 ​
 ​ ​ ​ Upcoming Rank Test
 ​
 ​ ​
 Special News:
 ​
 As of April 16 the Fight/Competition Team is currently: ​ ​ ​
 4-0 in Muay Thai
 1-0 in MMA
 3-1 in No Gi Jiu Jitsu
 ​
 Special thank you to all the Coaches and Training Partners
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​
 ​

 Combat 360

 ## OUR MISSION & VISION
 Mission:
 To coach, motivate and inspire those who have chosen a path for positively transforming their lives and improving themselves by using the martial arts as the vehicle for personal growth and development.
 To provide top quality self-defense and fighting tactic methods, increase level of confidence, fitness, and help lay the foundation in taking charge and being responsible for your own personal safety and that of your loved ones, consistently seeking higher standards not only in the martial arts training but ultimately within yourself.

 Vision:
 To provide the most complete and well-rounded Martial Arts training where we train our students with the tools and knowledge to always “Be Ready”.

 ## CONTACT
 We’d be happy to provide you with additional information about our training courses and staff at Combat 360. Please give us a call or send us a message through Facebook or Instagram.

 Lote 4 Cabanilla Industrial Park Sector Cubita, Guaynabo, PR 00969

 combat360pr@gmail.com

 787-562-7984

 - -
