---
source_url: http://averagejoesmma.com/programs/kids-karate-groups/
final_url: http://averagejoesmma.com/programs/kids-karate-groups/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:50.916Z
---

### 69ef0b46dcd30 #### Muay Thai Kickboxing
 MUAY THAI KICKBOXING / SAVATE
 Muay Thai is a combat sport of Thailand that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. This physical and mental discipline which includes combat on shins is known as “the art of eight limbs” because it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees, shins, being associated with a good physical preparation that makes a full-contact fighter very efficient.
 Savate is a form of French Kickboxing utilizing fast, elusive footwork along with fast & unpredictable attacking combinations. We merge these two styles to form a perfect balance of speed, agility & power!
 Here are some of the benefits of taking our Kickboxing Class:

 - Loose Weight - Get in Shape - Learn to Protect Yourself

 At Average Joes MMA we teach –
 Hybrid Striking . A blend of the best striking styles and strategy all in one class!
 Hybrid Striking is heavily influenced by Muay Thai – Savate – Western Boxing as well as other striking arts.
 Its a Hybrid Form Of Kickboxing That Is Sure To Elevate Your Striking Game and a great base for self defense.
 This hybrid striking system developed by John Potenza focuses on not just the basics but strategy and explosive techniques with a focus on practicality ,precision and ease of application. Students will learn a blend of arts with emphasis on proper technique at their own level as they set personal goals to achieve greatness. These skills are easily translated in MMA, kickboxing, and self-defense situations. From glove drills, focus mitts, Thai-pads, and optional sparring, students will have a variety of striking options.
