---
source_url: http://averagejoesmma.com/programs/traditional-martial-arts/
final_url: http://averagejoesmma.com/programs/traditional-martial-arts/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:51.723Z
---

### 69ef0b47add95 #### Catch Wrestling
 Average Joe’s MMA is the Headquarters of Old School Grappling Catch Wrestling Association.
 Catch-as-Catch-Can is defined as “using or making due with whatever means are available.” Jiu-jitsu translates to “the gentle art” and Judo translates to “the gentle way.” Catch as Catch Can Wrestling is regarded throughout the world as “the violent art,” due to its aggressive nature when compared to these other popular styles. It is also the father of Olympic Freestyle Wrestling (once commonly known as Amateur Catch as Catch Can) and Collegiate Folkstyle Wrestling.
 Hundreds of years old, it originated in Lancashire England and was developed and refined during the British Empire (1490’s – mid 1900’s). Its dominance in matches against other wrestling styles gained worldwide notoriety around the mid 1800’s. During this same time it found its way to North America via immigrants and world travelers and became the top sport in America by the turn of the 20th century. This grappling art is comprised of takedowns, throws, ground based wrestling rides, breakdowns and transitions combined with a surplus of excruciating submission holds. The term “No Holds Barred” originated with Catch Wrestling, as there are no illegal submissions, holds, pins or takedowns, which makes it extremely effective and efficient for both combat sports and self defense.
 Our program is designed to take you from novice grappler to Catch Wrestling Coach. However, that doesn’t mean it can’t be used to compliment your current grappling program or skill level by enhancing it with more solid takedowns, breakdowns, ground control (rides), escapes, reversals, transitions and endless submissions.
 Become a member of Old School Grappling Catch Wrestling Association and start training and working your way up the levels of Catch As Catch Can!
 As a member of Old School Grappling Catch Wrestling Association you will have the opportunity to gain extensive technical knowledge in REAL Catch as Catch Can Wrestling and earn certified rank in the following skill levels:

 - 1.) Old School Grappler Level 1 – 8 - 2.) Assistant Coach - 3.) Coach

 Join Old School Grappling Catch Wrestling Association today to access our Members section for hundreds of High Definition videos, become part of the Billy Robinson Lineage and much more!
 www.OldSchoolGrappling.com
