---
source_url: http://www.evolutionperformancecenter.com
final_url: https://www.evolutionperformancecenter.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:16.311Z
---

## About
 Welcome to Evolution Performance Center, New England's definitive fitness and martial arts destination! Our facility is your one-stop shop for your health and wellness, combining a full state-of-the-art fitness gym with elite martial arts training, recovery, and relaxation in a one of a kind environment. At Evolution, we are committed to helping you achieve peak performance by fostering growth, health, and well-being.

 Free Trial
 Class Schedule

 ## Facilities
 At Evolution Performance Center, we pride ourselves on offering top-of-the-line facilities designed to cater to every aspect of your fitness journey. Whether you're an athlete, fighter, or fitness enthusiast, our state-of-the-art gym has everything you need to achieve your goals.
 ​
 Fitness Equipment: Our gym features a wide range of cardio machines, including treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, row/ski machines and Peloton bikes for an advanced cardio experience. Our two weightlifting areas are fully equipped with dumbbells, barbells, weight machines, power racks, sleds, deadlift platforms, and specialty Westside Barbell equipment like reverse hypers and athletic training platforms to meet all your strength and conditioning needs.
 ​
 Pilates Studio: Step inside our state of the art Pilates Studio, where we offer a full schedule of both Reformer and Mat Pilates classes for members of all experience levels!
 ​
 Martial Arts Training: Train like a pro with our extensive martial arts setup. We offer two large mat spaces, including one with a professional MMA Cage, as well as a professional Boxing Ring along with a variety of striking equipment like heavy bags, speed bags, and double-end bags, providing the perfect environment to sharpen your skills. ​
 ​
 Recovery Facilities: Boost your recovery with our top-notch amenities. Relax and detoxify in our saunas, or reduce inflammation and enhance muscle recovery in our state-of-the-art cold plunge. We also offer a world class recovery suite, with IV Vitamin Hydration, Infared Sauna, Red Light Therapy, Compression Therapy, a Vibroacoustic Grounding Bed, and more. These facilities are designed to help you recover faster and maintain peak performance.

 ## Fitness
 General Fitness: If you prefer the flexibility of training on your own terms, our Open Weight Training option is perfect for you. Enjoy access to a full range of state-of-the-art weightlifting and cardio equipment, all within a traditional Open Gym setting. Whether you're aiming to build muscle, burn fat, or maintain overall fitness, you can work out at your own pace and tailor your routine to fit your personal goals.
 ​
 Strength & Conditioning : Our Strength & Conditioning program is the perfect way to break up your normal gym routine. Whether you're a high-level athlete or looking to lose weight and build functional strength and endurance, you can join our supportive, high-energy environment with a community of motivating instructors and peers. No matter your fitness goals or level of training experience, our sessions will push your limits and have you excited to come back for more! ​
 Pilates : Our Pilates classes are the perfect balancing workout when done in conjunction with our strength classes. Find the balance between increasing your mobility and building functional strength in our highly rated Pilates sessions! Our studio offers both Reformer and Mat Pilates.
 ​
 Personal Training : Take your fitness to the next level with our personal training programs. Designed for those seeking professional guidance, we offer one-on-one and small group training sessions focused on goals ranging from fat loss, athletic performance, and strength building. Our expert trainers create personalized programs tailored to your specific needs, helping you enhance your strength, agility, and overall physical fitness.

 Sign Up

 ## Martial Arts
 Explore our renowned martial arts program featuring our expert-led classes in MMA (Mixed Martial Arts), Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Boxing. Whether you're training for competition, looking to learn self-defense, or seeking a new hobby, our experienced instructors are here to guide you every step of the way. Each class is designed to help you develop skills, improve fitness, and gain confidence in a supportive and motivating environment.

 Sign Up

 ## Recovery
 Optimize

 Elevate your recovery and wellness with Optimize, our on-site med spa. Offering aesthetic services like Neurotoxin Injections, Dermal Fillers, and Dermaplaning, along with recovery options such as IV Therapy, Normatec Compression Therapy, and Red Light Therapy, Optimize is your go-to for rejuvenation and healing.
