---
source_url: http://www.allegiancegym.com
final_url: http://www.allegiancegym.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:48.753Z
---

# Welcome to Allegiance Gym of Sterling Heights, MI ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ), Muay Thai & Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Training At Allegiance Gym , our primary focus and commitment is to improve the lives of our patrons through the training and discipline of martial arts . Our team of martial arts instructors and experts are dedicated to helping you towards your journey regardless of your objectives. From working towards gaining your black belt in Jiu-Jitsu or participation in one of our fitness classes, our focus is the same; to increase your quality of life and help you reach your highest goals and accomplishments. Call or come by and see us today to discuss your fitness goals!
 ## Allegiance Jiu Jitsu is located at 37676 Van Dyke Ave, Sterling Heights MI 48312 Our classes include: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Boxing, Live Sparring/Muay-Thai, GI & No GI Submission Grappling, MMA Practice/Sparring and much more. To learn more, stop by our Martial Arts Studio for a visit and observe one of our scheduled classes.
 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Through our Jiu-Jitsu classes you will learn many techniques, from beginner to advanced, that have been utilized and perfected through the ages along with many new ones. Program goals include: improving student’s knowledge of jiu-jitsu and studying applications of jiu-jitsu moves. Our curriculum includes attacks, defenses and escapes from all positions, core concepts and positions, as well as situation and live sparring.

 ## Muay Thai Striking Combat Sport Training Muay Thai is a combat sport that uses stand-up striking moves along with various clinching techniques. This physical and mental discipline of Thailand is known as “ the art of eight limbs ” as it combines the use of fists, elbows, knees and shins. Muay Thai prepares students for advanced techniques including the various disciplines of Mixed Martial Arts .

 ## Submission Grappling or Competition Wrestling Clubhouse (GI & No GI) Submission grappling or combat grappling is a form of competition as well as the generalized term for martial arts and other combat sports that focus primarily on clinch and ground fighting. Students will learn various submission holds along with other beneficial applications.

 ## Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Conditioning Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is a full-contact combat sport that allows both striking and grappling moves while either standing or on the ground. Mixed Martial Arts utilizes many different techniques and disciplines from other combat sports and martial arts such as boxing, wrestling, judo, jujitsu, karate, Muay Thai and more.

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu Our youth jiu jitsu classes feature a structured curriculum to keep your child focused while having fun and learning valuable life lessons such as discipline and accountability. Allegiance Gym is proud to offer kids jiu jitsu as the number one art for self defense and bully prevention. Let us help your child become a stronger person from the inside out.

 For more information regarding martial art classes, contact the experienced professionals at Allegiance Gym and speak to a helpful instructor today!
 ## Allegiance Jiu Jitsu is located at 37676 Van Dyke Ave, Sterling Heights MI 48312

 # Contact Us Today! Please leave this field empty.
 Your Name (required)

 Your Email (required)

 Your Phone (required)

 Subject

 Your Message
 Please Confirm You Are Human

 ### Follow Us:
