---
source_url: http://www.dragonsdenmma.com/programs
final_url: https://www.dragonsdenmma.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:59.197Z
---

Macalolooy Kajukenbo

 KAJUKENBO CLASS SCHEDULE

 Kajukenbo is a traditional mixed martial art from Hawaii. It was developed by 5 martial artists from 1947 to 1949 and continues to evolve today. The name KAJUKENBO comes from the martial arts styles it was created from. It stands for: KA: Karate, JU: Judo/Jujitsu, KEN: Kenpo, BO: Western and Chinese Boxing (Gung Fu).
 At DDMMA, our approach to training is both traditional and modern. We practice classical forms or “katas”, street self-defense techniques, and combat sports such as point-fighting, kickboxing, submission grappling, and MMA.
 We stress the importance of honor, integrity, respect, and discipline. Students train to strengthen and unify their Spirit, Mind, and Body; “The Kajukenbo Trinity.” Since Kajukenbo comes from Hawaii, we train with the spirit of Aloha, as one Ohana.
 Prof Jeff Macalolooy has continued to have the same vision as the 5 founders did over 70 years ago. He strives to keep his expression of Kajukenbo relevant in today’s changing times. His curriculum includes all of the traditional Kajukenbo katas and street self-defense techniques, but also incorporates more skills from Eskrima, Boxing, Muay Thai, Wrestling, Jiu-Jitsu, MMA and concepts from Jeet Kune Do.
 Class breakdown: Macalolooy Kajukenbo: High School & Adults, Young Dragons: Ages 8 -14 (Intermediate & Advance), Junior Dragons: Ages 10 -14, Little Dragons: Ages 6 - 9, Tiny Dragons: Ages 4 -5.
 - Kajukenbo Membership requires attendance of a White Belt Workshop, held once a month. Sign-up at our front desk.
 - Equipment: Kajukenbo Gi & belt (included with introductory workshop), mouthpiece, groin protector (males). Additional sparring equipment needed when ready.

 Lady Dragons

 LADY DRAGONS CLASS SCHEDULE

 Our Lady Dragons class is a great fitness kickboxing workout! We focus on fitness, while ladies learn real kickboxing combinations on the focus mitts, kicking shields, Thai pads, and heavy bags. This is not your typical aerobics class. You will actually train like a fighter, minus the sparring. This class incorporates some weights, circuit training and ends with an abdominal blast.
 - Membership requires attendance of a Kickboxing Workshop (for those with no experience), held once a month. Sign-up at the front desk. - Equipment: hand wraps & 12 oz bag gloves.

 Aikido

 Aikido class schedule

 Union City Aikido is offered separately from all of our other martial arts and fitness programs. Please contact Sensei Isaiah Fernandez if you are interested at (510) 677-7511 or unioncityaikido@gmail.com

 Muay Thai

 Muay thai class schedule

 Muay Thai, meaning the Thai Fist, is Thailand’s style of boxing. Unlike western boxing, which only uses the fist to strike, Muay Thai also makes use of kicks, elbows, and knee strikes, dubbing it the “Art of Eight Limbs.” In this class, students will learn offensive & defensive techniques. They will also learn how to use them effectively in a live, sparring situation. This class is a challenging cardiovascular workout.
 - Membership requires attendance of a Kickboxing Workshop (for those with no experience), held once a month. Sign-up at the front desk. - Equipment: DD Thai shorts & shirt, groin protector (males), hand wraps, 16oz gloves, shin guards. Additional for sparring: headgear & mouthpiece.

 Eskrima

 ESKRIMA CLASS SCHEDULE

 The goal and purpose of this weapon-based class is to uncover techniques in self-defense and also perpetuate the Filipino Martial Arts. Class will utilize the espada y daga (short and long stick), single and double garrote (rattan stick), belok (staff), as well as empty hand techniques. Techniques are blended from Kali, Eskrima, and Arnis.

 Fusion
 Fitness

 fusion fitness class schedule

 Our Fusion Fitness class was originally created by Sifu Joseph Bautista, Jr. a.k.a. “Coach Joey B” to offer a strength and conditioning class to our members who were competing in combat sports.
 Now Coach Vanessa Mendoza teaches it. You will always be challenged and leave feeling great after finishing her fun-filled class.

 USA Boxing

 Usa Boxing Class SCHEDULE

 Our USA Boxing program is designed to get our members ready to compete in the ring. However, there are many who are here just for the great cardiovascular workout. Students will learn the fundamentals of proper punching technique, good defense, and counter-offensive strategies, utilizing proper footwork & head movement. Class consists of focus mitt work, heavy bag work, sparring drills, and conditioning.
 - Membership requires attendance of a Kickboxing Workshop (Boxing, Muay Thai, and Lady Dragons classes for those with no experience) held once a month. Sign-up at our front desk. - Equipment: hand wraps & 12 oz bag gloves. *Additional for sparring: headgear, mouthpiece, no-foul protector, 16oz sparring gloves, boxing shoes.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Emperado Jiu Jitsu Division (Team Ralph Gracie)

 Jiu jitsu class schedule

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has its roots in Japan. In Japanese, Jujitsu translate to “gentle art.” It is called “gentle” because instead of striking your opponent with force to knock them out, a person trained in Jujitsu can use their grappling techniques to control their opponent and apply a submission hold and give them an opportunity to “tap out” or give up. Brazilian’s in the early 1900’s modified the Japanese art to focus more on the ground techniques and thus “Brazilian Jiu Jitsu” was born.
 Sensei Tay Crivello oversees our BJJ class. This class is taught by purple belt, Coach Erik Gutierrez. Sensei Tay is the grandson of Kajukenbo Grandmaster Joseph Emperado, who was the younger brother of Sijo Adriano Emperado, one of the 5 creators of Kajukenbo and the founder of KSDI. In honor of his grandfather, Sensei Tay named his class the “Emperado Jiu Jitsu Division.” Aside from teaching classes at DDMMA, Sensei Tay is also the head competition coach for “Team Ralph Gracie” in San Francisco, where he trains 5 to 7 days a week.

 USA Wrestling

 USA WRESTLING CLASS SCHEDULE

 *Currently we are not offering wrestling.
 Our year-round program is designed for youth to learn and compete in folk-style (collegiate), freestyle, and Greco-Roman wrestling. We compete in both USA Wrestling and SCWAY tournaments. Our goal is to train elementary and middle school students to prepare them for a high school team.
 - Requires membership cards to USA Wrestling & SCWAY. New wrestlers must also attend a wrestling workshop held once a month. Sign-up at our front desk.
 - Equipment: wrestling shoes & headgear (singlet for competition)
