---
source_url: https://jiujitsu.insurgent.fitness/youth-bjj
final_url: https://jiujitsu.insurgent.fitness/youth-bjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:38.409Z
---

# Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu The premier BJJ acadamy in Northern AZ

 ALL LEVELS WELCOME
 # Insurgent Jiu Jitsu An exclusive all nogi academy ### Our Youth BJJ Program Our Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is designed for children starting at age 4 and maxing at age 15. We strive to help each student succeed in their goals, whether they are training for competition or for pure enjoyment and exercise. Our program places a high value on the quality of instruction and the well-being of our young practitioners.
 We have a team of 5 dedicated instructors who are not just teachers, but mentors who care deeply for each student's progress and development. Our structured curriculum ensures that students focus on honing their grappling skills and techniques in a safe and supportive environment.
 Before participating in tournaments, our young students undergo specific training sessions and internal matches to prepare them adequately without the immediate pressure of competition. This approach allows them to build confidence and skill at their own pace.

 ## KIDS GET 1 week free trial GET STARTED
 Free trials are only for those considering on joining our program. No out of state/out of town guest will be allowed to take advantage of the free trial. When contacting us, please send a copy of your drivers license showing a local address. Thank you for your understanding.

 - Our Nogi Program Our Nogi Jiu Jitsu program is all about having fun while learning cool grappling moves without wearing the traditional gi uniform. You'll get to practice techniques that are great for both self-defense and competitions. We focus on three main areas: Positional Control to help you stay in control during matches, learning how to move, pin, and control your opponent. Submission Techniques where you'll learn awesome moves like chokes and joint locks to win matches. Escapes and Counters teaching you the best ways to get out of tricky spots and turn the tables on your opponent. - Focused Instruction Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program has been tested in lots of tournaments, with many of our students winning matches quickly and impressively! Our coaches are not just teachers; they are mentors who help guide you to become the best you can be in Jiu Jitsu. In Flagstaff, almost every Jiu Jitsu coach has trained with us. Why? Because our training focuses on the essential techniques needed to be great at grappling. We make sure you learn the important basics that will help you succeed. At Insurgent, we believe that mastering the basics is the key to winning in grappling, while flashy moves don't always work. Our coaches tailor their teaching to match each student's style, helping you with what you need most. Whether you're working on submissions, positional control, or escapes, our instruction is designed to make you better at what you enjoy and improve your skills. - Fight Ready We want every student to achieve their goals, whether they are training for competitions or just for fun and exercise. We focus on helping our students become the best they can be, rather than just putting them into competitions to say they have "fighters". At Insurgent, we really care about our students and their well-being. Before any new student can compete in a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu tournament, they first participate in special training sessions and practice matches. This way, they can focus on getting better at their grappling skills without feeling too much pressure right away. To help our students get ready for tournaments, Insurgent also creates special training camps that are part of our regular classes. This way, everyone feels included and works together, making the whole team better. We also have trainers ready to help students get in the best shape possible before their competitions. - Gear you need We sell, and have on hand, a lot of the gear you need. Though not all gear is required for your first class (gloves/shin guards), you are expected to buy the gear within your first month. Any gear we have for your to borrow (gloves/shin guards) are a first-come-first-serve basis. SHOP NOW Required Rashguard (students are rquired to have 1 ranked Insurgent Rashguard) Shorts (no pockets) Mouth guard Athletic tape (we will not lend you tape) Defense wipes Optional The below gear is not required for the technique and drilling portion of classes. However, for sparring the follow items are to add further protection. Wrestling Head gear (no hard plastic) Knee pads Not Allowed Some gear and attire is not permitted to be worn during training. Prohibited gear would be any gear that can harm another athlete and/or provide a tactical advantage. Any plastic or metal hair pins Sleeves for joint support cannot have wires (plastic or metal) All pads and headgear must be foam only (excluding plastic shin guards) All peircings must be removed/taped over Groin Guard (can be used as leverage for joint breaks- and they are not allowed in competition) No jewelry Ear gauges must be taped shut
