---
source_url: https://jiujitsu.insurgent.fitness/adult-bjj
final_url: https://jiujitsu.insurgent.fitness/adult-bjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:38.796Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu The premier BJJ acadamy in Northren AZ

 ALL LEVELS WELCOME
 # Insurgent Jiu Jitsu An exclusive all nogi academy ### Our Program Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu curriculum is rooted in the art of ground fighting and submission grappling, emphasizing the use of leverage and technique over brute strength. Participants are trained in various aspects of grappling, including positional control, sweeps, submissions, and escapes. Renowned for its effectiveness in self-defense and mixed martial arts (MMA), Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is celebrated for its ability to empower practitioners of all sizes and skill levels, making it a versatile and adaptive martial art.
 ### Classes 6 days a week Join us for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes available six days a week. From Monday to Friday, each session lasts 60 minutes, focusing on the essential skills of ground fighting and submission grappling. On Saturdays, we offer a women's only class, providing a supportive environment for female practitioners, and a specific leg lock class dedicated to mastering leg attacks and defenses. Our comprehensive program is designed to help you excel in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, whether for self-defense, competition, or personal development.

 ## TRY A FREE CLASS GET STARTED
 Free trials are only for those considering on joining our program. No out of state/out of town guest will be allowed to take advantage of the free trial. When contacting us, please send a copy of your drivers license showing a local address. Thank you for your understanding.

 - Our Nogi Program Our Nogi Jiu Jitsu program is designed to enhance your grappling skills without the use of the traditional gi, focusing on techniques that are effective in both self-defense situations and competitive settings. Students are instructed in three main categories: Positional Control to maintain dominance over your opponent, focusing on transitions, pins, and control techniques. Submission Techniques teaching a variety of chokes, joint locks, and other submission holds to finish the fight. Escapes and Counters focusing on effective ways to escape from disadvantageous positions and counter your opponent's moves. - Focused Instruction Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu instruction has undergone rigorous testing in competitive settings, yielding impressive results with many of our practitioners achieving victories in various tournaments, and some even securing wins within just a few minutes. Our trainers are not just instructors; they're educators who mentor and guide future trainers in the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. In Flagstaff, it's rare to find a Jiu Jitsu instructor who hasn't been trained under the Insurgent banner. Why? Because our training methodology delves straight into the core techniques essential for top-tier grappling. Our teaching approach prioritizes fundamental grappling skills, ensuring students gain a thorough comprehension of the techniques imparted. At Insurgent, we firmly believe that fundamentals are the key to consistent victory in grappling, while flashy techniques often fall short. Our instructors tailor their coaching to accommodate each student's individual style, disregarding personal preferences. Whether you're focused on submissions, positional control, or escapes, our instruction is customized to enhance your strengths and refine your skills accordingly. - Fight Ready We strive for each student to succeed in their goals, whether you are training for competition or for pure exercise. We place a high value on the quality of our practitioners, unlike other schools that simply push students into competitions to claim they have "fighters". Insurgent genuinely cares for their students and their well-being. Before any new student can compete in a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu tournament, Insurgent requires new students to first participate in specific training sessions and internal matches. This approach allows the student to focus on honing their grappling skills and techniques without the immediate pressure of competition. To prepare practitioners, Insurgent also designs intensive training camps and incorporates these camps into regular classes. This inclusive approach ensures that all classmates feel involved in the training process, working alongside those preparing for competition, thereby elevating everyone's performance and technique. Insurgent also has trainers on hand to help students achieve optimal conditioning before their tournaments. - Gear you need We sell, and have on hand, a lot of the gear you need. Though not all gear is required for your first class (gloves/shin guards), you are expected to buy the gear within your first month. Any gear we have for your to borrow (gloves/shin guards) are a first-come-first-serve basis. SHOP NOW Required Rashguard (students are rquired to have 1 ranked Insurgent Rashguard) Shorts (no pockets) Mouth guard Athletic tape (we will not lend you tape) Defense wipes Optional The below gear is not required for the technique and drilling portion of classes. However, for sparring the follow items are to add further protection. Wrestling Head gear (no hard plastic) Knee pads Not Allowed Some gear and attire is not permitted to be worn during training. Prohibited gear would be any gear that can harm another athlete and/or provide a tactical advantage. Any plastic or metal hair pins Sleeves for joint support cannot have wires (plastic or metal) All pads and headgear must be foam only (excluding plastic shin guards) All peircings must be removed/taped over Groin Guard (can be used as leverage for joint breaks- and they are not allowed in competition) No jewelry Ear gauges must be taped shut
