---
source_url: https://jiujitsu.insurgent.fitness
final_url: https://jiujitsu.insurgent.fitness/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:38.914Z
---

# A glimpse of us

 - - - - - - - - - -

 # Our students say it better Hear it directly from a few of our students.

 - Trying Jiu Jitsu for the first time and the class is very fun! Everyone is very kind and helpful! You can come in with no knowledge and just dive in! Insurgent is so welcoming and is a great place to start! The gym floor is also well equipped and spacious! I am enjoying this facility a lot and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great gym with really unique amenities (cold plunge/sauna/24 hour access). - After my previous gym closed, I joined Insurgent and could not be more pleased. If you are a woman like myself and want to try your hand at a sport like Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for the first time, come here!! I was immediately welcomed into the community and Morgan is a wonderful coach. The gym equipment is in great shape as well. - Stayed in Flagstaff for a few months, and found Insurgent Fitness - I got myself a gym membership, and put my girls in their Kids Brazilian Jiu-jitsu class for a great price! Not only that, but seeing how the BJJ coaches teach, discipline, and build relationships with the kiddos was the cherry on top. My kids tend to be apprehensive and bashful, and with each coach having different personalities and skills, my kids were able to feel comfortable, and settled in faster than with other programs we have tried. Can't say enough about the love the coaches have for the sport, and it shows through their coaching the kids. - I stopped in to try BJJ at Insurgent and I must say I was impressed. The facility is airy and very clean, and the culture was welcoming (I'm not a typical-looking student, neither male nor young). My two training partners were kind, helpful, and patient, as was Coach Morgan. His teaching ability is outstanding; he seemed to pay attention to every individual and was able to run a class full of students single-handedly. I really like the structure they have, where you can really sink in to a technique and its variations and defenses for a week at a time. There seem to be more female students here than other clubs I've visited, and the guys were friendly and respectful. They have lots of classes to choose from. They're casual in a good way, and exclusively no-gi. Definitely check them out! - I’ve been training jiu jitsu here for about two months now and have really enjoyed it so far. There’s a solid group that regularly rolls here, and it’s not a massive class size which I appreciate. Good mix of different skill levels, so I get the opportunity to not only practice with people with similar experience to mine, but also learn from the higher belts. It’s a friendly environment, but you will definitely be pushed to improve. - We absolutely love Insurgent and the family like atmosphere! My kids and husband both do Jiu Jitsu here and we love the coaches and the amazing flexible schedule! Could not ask for a better experience! - Best gym in Flagstaff for general fitness, weight lifting, Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. The best part outside of 24/7 access, fully equipped weight room and a great price is that there is no time wasting in classes. You wont hear a pointless 10 minute long story about the coaches home life, instead you will be learning and working throughout the entire class. I trained at the other major Jiu Jitsu gym in town for 5 years and Insurgent Fitness has a better facility, cleaner mats (much cleaner), staggeringly lower prices and better structured classes. Classes are designed in a very efficient way that teaches basic and advanced techniques that leaves you excited for your next class. The community of athletes and trainers at Insurgent Fitness are helpful, tough and most importantly friendly. So if you're looking for a place to train in Flagstaff that has a community of tough competitors and friendly faces this is hands down the best place. - This review is coming a bit late, but better late than never. I stopped by with my gf for their open mat and could not be happier of the experience we had with everyone there. My gf is brand new to jiu jitsu (2 weeks in) and I was a bit nervous about bringing her to an open mat at a gym that was not my own. Little did i know that Insurgent Fitness has the nicest human beings. We had a blast, they all took her aside to teach her and give her pointers and I got some competitive rolls in. I would highly recommend this gym to anyone and can not wait to come back. - I have been a member at insurgent for just under two years now. After trying a few gyms out in Flagstaff and BJJ programs, it was obvious insurgent was different. This is not your typical New Years Resolution cookie cutter gym. Insurgent is hardcore. That being said, I have never been to a gym with individuals more willing to help you hit a PR, give tips, spot you, etc... Aside from the gym providing everything you could possibly need to reach your strength, body, and other physical goals; there is a serious martial arts capacity at the gym. Although I do not participate in Muay Thai, I have a few buddies that do and they are testament to Kru Frank’s program being the real deal. You will undoubtedly gain what you’re looking for from Muay Thai by attending his classes. I have been apart of the BJJ team, although with spotty attendances. Morgan is an absolute badass, with a very broad teaching capacity. From privates (which I highly recommend), to regular instruction he has helped my game out a lot. You won’t find a better program in Flag. If you’re looking for a serious gym, with goals in mind this is your place. If you need some steering, this is the place. - This is the type of gym we have looked for for quite awhile. Good people, low key, but offering all the amenities the you want to get a great workout. The kids are loving the BJJ classes, the coaches, and the experience. Highly recommend! - Been going to the BJJ classes for about a month now and I'm so impressed by how helpful and friendly the atmosphere is! Would highly recommend to anyone who's looking. - Absolutely the best gym in town. If you are looking for a place to lift they have the best equipment in town (competition grade). If you are looking for a martial arts room look no further...super welcoming and beginner friendly but very high level training and instruction.

 ## Damn. Are you still scrolling? You're a tough sell. How about we schedule a tour?
 Schedule Tour
