---
source_url: http://www.toplevelmartialarts.com
final_url: https://toplevelmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:46.680Z
---

# Your Home for Gracie Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Top Level Martial Arts is the premier destination for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 # Your Home for Gracie Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Top Level Martial Arts is the premier destination for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## Improved Fitness

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) serves as a comprehensive fitness regime, providing a high-intensity workout that integrates both physical and mental exercise. It enhances strength, endurance, flexibility, cardiovascular health, and agility, while also promoting weight loss and improving body composition.

 ## Personal Growth

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is more than a physical discipline; it fosters holistic personal growth by shaping the body, mind, and character. BJJ instills discipline, perseverance, emotional resilience, humility, and respect for others, which translate into improved performance in academics, career, and personal relationships.

 ## Self-Defense Skills

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a formidable self-defense discipline, focusing on grappling and ground fighting techniques, allowing individuals of all sizes to effectively defend against larger opponents. Through live sparring, BJJ also develops quick reflexes and decision-making under pressure, crucial for real-world self-defense scenarios.

 ## Community Spirit

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) not only promotes personal growth and self-defense skills but also nurtures a strong sense of community among its practitioners. The global BJJ community is characterized by a shared passion and ethos, fostering deep camaraderie and a sense of belonging beyond the mat.

 ## Lil Grapplers: Ages 4-6

 Dynamic, age-appropriate introduction to martial arts for children aged 4 to 6, focusing on Jiu-Jitsu techniques and instilling core values such as discipline, respect, and self-confidence to aid them in their overall growth into well-rounded individuals.

 View Program

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu: Ages 7 - 16

 Our kids program will provide a Jiu Jitsu foundation for your child to build upon and equip them with the lifelong gifts of individual accomplishment, self-assurance, discipline, and the ability to defend themselves.

 View Program

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Top Level Martial Arts’ Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program provides a comprehensive, exhilarating fitness regimen that not only builds physical strength, flexibility, and endurance but also fosters mental agility, strategic thinking, and social camaraderie.

 View Program

 ## Sports BJJ

 The Top Level Jiu Jitsu team promotes problem-solving, sportsmanship, discipline, and resilience in individuals of all ages and fitness levels.

 View Program

 ## The Impact of Top Level Martial Arts on Personal Growth and Fitness

 Training Jiu-Jitsu will not only benefit you physically and mentally but socially as well. At Top Level Martial Arts we work and learn in a team environment. You will work alongside people with similar goals as you, learning and growing together.
 From the 60-year-old grandfather to the 5-year-old child, everyone can benefit from training Jiu-Jitsu. If you are considering martial arts for yourself or for your child, it’s a great choice.

 ## Expert Coaches

 Are you a parent, looking for some backup teaching your child about discipline and respect and personal courage? Or are you an adult; looking for an amazing workout that’s not boring like the gym, and will give you powerful self defense at the same time?
 Then Gracie Jiu-Jitsu taught at Top Level Martial Arts is the answer for you.
 Since 2010, Top Level Martial Arts has helped thousands of people with those exact problems.
 I’ve seen kids come in who couldn’t stand still. By the time they were done with their training here, they understood the value of discipline and focus. Shy kids, who were afraid to raise their hands in class at school have gone on to be outgoing leaders in their grades.
 Our adult members have shed pounds, grown more confident, and learned how to protect themselves and their families.
 This is why I have made the mission of Top Level Martial Arts “To present Gracie Jiu-Jitsu as the tool for improving lives in our community.”
 My name is Bill Jones, the owner and Head Instructor here at TLMA! And I am personally inviting you to try out jiu-jitsu and see how it can help you and your family, as it’s done for so many before you.

 ## Happy Father

 This is an amazing program. My daughter started a week ago and she loves it. The instructors are amazing with the children and the children are friendly and respectful.

 ## Tyler M.

 Top Level is a very well run martial arts academy. They offer a wide schedule, great coaches that each bring different skills to the table, and a warm welcoming community. I’ve been going here for a few weeks now and have zero regrets!!

 ## ML Rose

 “The instructors here that I’ve met for the kids jiu-jitsu classes are all very professional, and kind, yet disciplined and structured with the kids. My child has been really excited to attend every week since joining. The staff here make safety and cleanliness a top priority as well. Pleasant experience all around. I highly recommend Top Level for yourself (at any age) and definitely for your children.”

 ## Jerry L

 I had checked out a handful of other BJJ schools in the local area trying to find a place that felt like a “community” and that also prioritized actual training and coaching, prior to landing at Top Level. The welcome I received was warm to say the very least and the level of instruction I observed in the class I watched, and what I experienced in my first class I attended, was head and shoulders above the others. I’ve just started my journey here but I’m very excited for the future. I am 100% confident I made the right choice

 ## Sara S

 My daughter loves it here, she has so much fun! The instructors are very nice and patient with the kids. The values that are taught, are exactly what my daughter needs to learn about. Glad we chose this place!

 ## Andrew

 I’ve dropped into Top Level a number of times when I’m in the area. The environment is incredibly welcoming and the rolls are quality. Every time I’m there, I’m treated like a longtime member. It’s among my favorite gyms to train at when traveling. Definitely check it out if you’re looking for a welcoming, quality place to train at.

 ## Get Started Today
