---
source_url: http://www.roninkombatclub.com
final_url: https://roninkombatclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:32.760Z
---

Ronin Kombat Club
 Ro·nin – a wandering samurai who had no lord or master
 Rōnin Kombat Club is an organization dedicated to the martial arts disciplines of Jiu Jitsu, wrestling, kick boxing, and real life self defense. The focus of our program is to provide members the highest quality martial arts and self defense instruction available, in a safe and positive learning environment that people of all ages can enjoy.
 After training for many years together, owners James McCullom and Julio Casillas wanted to create a place where they could share their passion and affinity for martial arts using their expertise and real life experiences. Ronin Kombat Club opened in 2022 with the intention of teaching self defense using a new, innovative, and exciting curriculum.
 Here at RKC, there are no masters and no dogma. Through self revelation, you will learn to master yourself and become a Rōnin.
 “No fear, no hesitation, no surprise, no doubt.” – Miyamoto Musashi.
 ### What People Say “The knowledge of bjj and other disciplines at RKC is extensive. They simplify things really well. They use 2,3 steps to complete the technique.”
 – Kyle
 “At RKC they make you believe that you are capable of anything. My confidence in physically confrontational situations has improved exponentially!”
 – Michael
 “It is nice having an instructor who understands how to modify techniques for law enforcement officers and can accommodate for the equipment I wear in the field.”
 – Kevin

 Interested in a free week of trial classes?
 Contact us !
 Ronin Kombat Club
 16551 N Dysart Rd
 Suite 119
 Surprise AZ 85379
