---
source_url: https://www.amherstmma.com/nesf-schedule/
final_url: https://www.amherstmma.com/nesf-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:10.636Z
---

This information is about the adult program schedule (ages 15+). For information on the youth program (8-14), please click HERE . This page contains information on:
 •Group Class Schedule
 • Martial Arts Taught at NESF
 •Class Types at NESF
 •Private Lesson Program
 •Holiday Schedule
 •Facility
 •Our Mission
 ## Group Class Schedule Monday
 5:00-6:00 PM Jiu-Jitsu Introduction
 6:00-7:00 PM Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals
 7:00-9:00 PM Jiu-jitsu Rolling (“Marathon Monday”)
 Tuesday
 5:00-6:00 PM MMA Introduction
 6:00-7:00 PM MMA Fundamentals
 7:00-8:00 PM MMA Practice
 8:00-9:00 PM MMA Sparring
 Wednesday
 9:00-10:00 AM Jiu-Jitsu (starting after 1/1)
 5:00-6:00 PM Jiu-Jitsu & Wrestling Introduction
 6:00-7:00 PM Wrestling Fundamentals
 7:00-8:00 PM Jiu-Jitsu & Wrestling Practice
 8:00-9:00 PM Jiu-Jitsu & Wrestling Live
 Thursday
 5:00-6:00 PM Kickboxing Introduction
 6:00-7:00 PM Kickboxing Fundamentals
 7:00-8:00 PM Kickboxing Practice
 8:00-9:00 PM Kickboxing Sparring
 Friday
 5:00-6:00 PM Jiu-jitsu Introduction
 6:00-7:00 PM Jiu-jitsu Fundamentals
 7:00-8:00 PM Jiu-jitsu Practice
 8:00-9:00 PM Jiu-jitsu Rolling
 Saturday
 9:00-10:00 AM Women’s Jiu-Jitsu Practice***FREE COMMUNITY CLASS***
 10:00-11:00 AM Kickboxing Practice ***FREE COMMUNITY CLASS***
 11:00-12:00 PM Jiu-jitsu Rolling, MMA & Kickboxing Sparring, Wrestling
 ## Martial Arts Taught at NESF Multiple martial arts are taught at NESF, including jiu-jitsu, mixed martial arts, kickboxing, and wrestling. While Jiu-jitsu is the most popular, each is a significant part of mixed martial arts. Counter-intuitively, if MMA is practiced every day, progress is not efficient. For example, if you are always training with strikes, there is no space to relax and refine your submission ability. If there are always takedowns, there is no space to refine striking ability. If strikes are always flying in, there is no way to perfect your takedowns. Further, jiu-jitsu is an amazing sport and pursuit in its own right. So at NESF we offer separate classes for grappling (jiu-jitsu and/or wrestling), kickboxing, and MMA. Each of these is briefly detailed immediately below. If it seems confusing to some degree, try different classes during your FREE WEEK , and you will have a far more informed view.
 Kickboxing
 These classes focus on striking while standing, both from the outside (athletes are separated) and the inside (athletes are holding each other, in what is referred to as the Clinch). Kickboxing is an international sport with fairly well-defined rules and traditions, as is muay Thai. While this class draws techniques from both, as well as from Western boxing, karate, and sanda, the focus here is on the standup striking aspect of MMA. This means there are subtle differences in stance, defense, footwork, etc that are ideal for a mixed rules circumstance, but not ideal for the more rigidly defined rules sets in for example kickboxing or muay Thai. The term kickboxing is used here due to public familiarity with it, but this is not a class to prepare you for a kickboxing bout. Rather, as noted, it prepares you for the standing and striking aspect of MMA, but without the distraction of takedowns, fighting on the ground or wall, etc. Kickboxing classes are ideal for many people to start with, due to the limited body contact. By contrast, the close body contact necessary for MMA, jiu-jitsu, and wrestling can be off-putting for some initially.
 Jiu-jitsu
 Jiu-jitsu is centered on the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves against a bigger, stronger opponent by using leverage and weight distribution, taking the fight to the ground, and there immobilizing an opponent, before finishing it with a variety of submission holds. The history of this approach goes far back in history.
 In 1882, Jigoro Kano formally founded judo, based on multiple forms of jiu-jitsu, a Japanese form of close combat with a written history dating back at least 1300 years. Kano added an ethical basis, removed the striking and weapons, and greatly increased the emphasis on sparring rather than prearranged demonstration. Then he sent out emissaries to promote the new sport globally. One of them, Mitsuyo Maeda, promoted the art via challenge matches, and ended up in Brazil. There he taught judo to multiple members of the prominent Gracie family, likely mixed with some catch as catch can wrestling picked up in Europe and the USA, as well as techniques he developed through his own experience. The terms jiu-jitsu and judo were used interchangeably at the time, and former stuck.
 In Brazil the art underwent notable further refinement, through pressure testing across generations in no rules fights, and through the efforts of multiple Gracie family members, notably Helio, who increased the emphasis on leverage-focused techniques on the ground. In order to promote this Brazil-evolved form of jiu-jitsu, Helio’s son Rorion co-founded the UFC. As MMA contests quickly shed all uniforms including the gi (traditional Japanese tunic and trousers), and because of interest in jiu-jitsu from the wrestling community, the practice of jiu-jitsu with no gi increased radically.
 Today, the popularity of no-gi as a sport has notably eclipsed the gi, as evidenced by comparing the highest prize money at the top gi event ($10,000) with the top no-gi event ($40,000, with a recent nogi show offering multiple $1,000,000 payouts). This evolution was paralleled at NESF, where after offering gi jiu-jitsu classes for decades, interest waned to the point of no one showing up, while no gi classes were packed. So today, NESF only offers no gi jiu-jitsu classes.
 Wrestling
 Mixed martial arts was born from Brazilian jiu-jitsu, but for many, many years, wrestling has been the most important single discipline in MMA. This is because wrestling allows the practitioner to determine where the fight takes place – on the ground, standing, or against the fence. However, without jiu-jitsu and striking, wrestling doesn’t do much more than blanket. Therefore it is vital for jiu-jitsu to include wrestling, as it is vital for wrestling to include jiu-jitsu. Both of our primary grappling coaches have decades of wrestling experience, and weave the two together seamlessly. However, on wrestling day, the greatest emphasis, by far, is on takedowns.
 MMA
 These are the classes where everything comes together. Be forewarned, it’s not easy, or simple. Participating in MMA requires a broad skill set, including competence in four distinct areas: standing apart while out on the mat, standing clinched while out on the mat, ground fighting down on the mat, and fighting on the wall. This competence includes takedowns and their defense, standing up and preventing it, cage control, controlling an opponent on the ground from top and bottom, submitting an opponent, and escaping from all common subs, plus striking and defending against same, and a great deal more. Further, all the offensive skills are worse than worthless without setups, so those have to be understood. It’s a lot. And the skills have to be pressure tested, which is a lot more still. Training in full-on MMA on an everyday basis would be a terrible grind, without a lot of juice for the squeeze. But at the same time, if you want to be a fighter, it is an indispensable part of your training.
 ## Class Types at NESF A variety of classes are taught at NESF from Monday to Saturday, totaling over two dozen each week. Each weekday, there is a focus on a specific martial art, taught across multiple levels of classes. On Saturday, the weekday approach is reversed, with practice sessions for each of the martial arts we teach offered in succession.
 The typical weekday class progression is as follows, with, as noted, the focus each day on a specific martial art:
 Introduction (5:00-6:00 PM)
 Fundamentals (6:00-7:00 PM)
 Practice (7:00-8:00 PM)
 Rolling/Sparring/Live (8:00-8:00 PM)
 Each of these types of classes are detailed immediately below.
 Introduction Classes (5:00-6:00 PM )
 These classes are for individuals who have from zero experience up to a few weeks of experience with the martial art in question. Competitive athletes or individuals with a strong background in a different martial art might be able to progress to the fundamentals classes after a single Introductory class. Much more common is a week or two of Introductory classes. And some are most comfortable spending up to a month in Introductory classes. It is vitally important to your progress that you take things at your own pace.
 Fundamentals (6:00-7:00 PM)
 This is primarily an instructional class, focused on the techniques, tactics, and strategies that are learned in the first 18-36 months of training. However, these fundamentals never become irrelevant or superseded by more advanced techniques. In time they simply become more refined and ingrained, with greater setups and follow throughs. In sum, fundamentals win fights. These classes typically begin with a warm-up consisting of exercises that promote proper movement for the particular discipline. As noted, prior to taking Fundamentals classes in any particular discipline, members should take from between one to as many as perhaps eight Introductory classes.
 Practice (7:00-8:00 PM)
 Advanced techniques and concepts are taught in Practice sessions, but the focus is more on drills, situational exercises, etc, that increase facility with the fundamental techniques, including setups and follow ups, as well as understanding the underlying tactics and strategies. Attending Practice sessions for any martial art requires a significant amount of background knowledge of that art. There is variation from art to art, and variation from person to person, but as a general rule, it likely takes several months of Fundamentals classes before attending Practice sessions is productive.
 Live Sessions (8:00-9:00 PM)
 Termed “rolling” in jiu-jitsu, “sparring” in kickboxing and MMA, and “live” in wrestling, practitioners engage in dynamic, unscripted, live-action scenarios, against active resistance, in a controlled and supervised environment. This can take the form of working for a takedown and a pin (wrestling), staying grounded and looking for a submission (jiu-jitsu), trying to land clean but controlled strikes from standing (kickboxing), or all the above (MMA). In response to the increase in awareness around head trauma, for many years now, the focus at NESF is on Technical Sparring and Flow Rolling, as opposed to competition-type sparring. Details on Flow Rolling and Technical sparring will be provided by your coach at the appropriate time.
 Sparring is a crucial component in developing practical skills and promoting mental and emotional resilience. However, it shouldn’t be rushed. Members typically take between several weeks to several months of Fundamentals classes, before trying rolling/sparring/wrestling. That said, some arts are easier to start with than others, with jiu-jitsu being the easiest, and wrestling or MMA being the hardest. Further, when starting out, it is very important to begin with an experienced partner. So in some circumstances, with the right attitude (no ego, trying to problem solve not win, relying on technique not strength), and with the right partner, practicing live in the correct manner can begin very early.
 A Note on “Marathon Monday”
 Monday offers a singular deviation to the class progression detailed above. “Marathon Monday” begins as usual with an Introductory class (in jiu-jitsu) from 5:00-6:00 PM, then follows a Fundamentals class (in jiu-jitsu) from 6:00-7:00 PM, and next, instead of practice, live rolling goes on for 90 minutes, or until your body can’t roll no more. Marathon Monday closes with the opportunity to do some S&C, or simply enjoy an Open Mat Lab, or maybe do nothing.
 ## Private Lesson Program Private lessons offer a number of distinct advantages over group classes, including:
 •Work around your schedule;
 •Faster progression;
 •Learn at your own pace; and,
 •Personalize your training to focus on what you need.
 Please contact us HERE to let us know what your interests are, and for information on pricing, scheduling, etc.
 ## Holiday Schedule We close only a handful of days a year, for the holidays below, at most. And we close once or twice a decade for major snowstorms.
 There will be an Open Mat at 6:00 PM on Christmas Eve (Thursday, December 25, 2025) and on Friday, December 26, 2025
 Classes will be held like normal on New Year’s Eve, Dec 31 and New Year’s Day, Jan 1
 Closed Independence Day: Saturday, July 4, 2026
 All NESF members enrolled in the One-Year or 5 College Membership are provided with their own unique door lock keypad entry code, so can train during the three holidays above. You can train during a major snowstorm too. We used to, but one night the snow built up so high we couldn’t open the door, so we don’t recommend it.
 The exception to this rule is the morning classes, which follow the UMass schedule. If UMass is closed for classes, then there will be no NESF morning classes.
 ## Facility The greatest team in the history of MMA is arguably Miletich Martial Arts. At a time when the UFC had only five divisions, during a one-year period, Miletich fighters held three of the belts. At the time, the team trained in a racquetball court. In short, you don’t need a massive gym full of equipment to be your very, very best.
 That said, NESF is a gym full of equipment. An MMA and jiu-jitsu gym begins with the mats. For a decade, NESF had 2″ Dollamur rollouts, but repeated tapings and gluing left the surface rough in places. And it was too slippery for proper standup. Further, mat technology developed over the past decade, with 1 meter x 2 meter mats weighing about 50 pounds each coming to the fore.

 World-class mats typically come with either a “smooth” or “tatami” surface. The latter is rough enough to provide excellent footing for standing strikes and throws, while the former is perfect for rolling on the ground, but not for standing technique. Then Mike Swain, the first American male to win a world championship in judo, developed the hybrid mat, offering a surface textured enough to allow all standup techniques safely, while being smooth enough for hours of grappling. The new 1.5″ Hybrid mats were laid over the old 2″ rollouts, with a 1/8 layer of board between them, providing members of NESF with an unprecedented surface to train on.
 We also offer a wide variety of equipment to enhance skill and conditioning, including:
 •10 banana bags, plus Punching Power meter, Ground & Pound bags, Angle heavy bag, boxing heavy bag, wall mounted uppercut bag, speed bags, double-end bags, maize ball;
 •Thai pads, focus mitts, suitcase pads, punch pads, and body and thigh shields;
 •Battle Ropes;
 •Bulgarian Bags;
 •Slam Balls;
 •Sand Bags from light to unliftable;
 •TRX suspension training developed by former U.S. Navy SEAL Randy Hetrick;
 •Squid bands
 •Jump, speed, and heavy ropes;
 •Grappling dummies;
 •Climbing board and climbing rope;
 •Mirrors; and
 •Lots more
 We also offer a traditional Strength & Conditioning training area . And changing rooms with a Cold Plunge.
 “The greatest hold is conditioning.”
 -Karl Gotch
 ## Our Mission The NESF mission is to welcome everyone, young and old, athletes and individuals who just want to start getting in better shape, to discover the many, many benefits of mixed martial arts. Founded at this address in 1993, it’s the oldest MMA school in Massachusetts in continuous operation. The name, New England Submission Fighting, is anachronistic, but we started well before the term mixed martial arts existed.
 For those of you unfamiliar with MMA, the founding concept is as simple as wheels on luggage – if you want to discover what martial arts actually work, have exponents of each test one other with as few rules as possible. In the earliest days, there were only two prohibitions (no biting, no eye gouging) and they were broken with some regularity. The answer to what martial art is best turned out to be none, and all. That is to say, all martial arts have to be altered to a significant degree against a trained aggressor, and nearly all martial arts have something in their approach that can be useful.
 From these crude origins, over decades, the parts of each martial art that verifiably work against a dangerous opponent came into view. Today, there is a large, organized body of knowledge on what is real, and what isn’t. It draws from a number of cultures globally, including Japanese submissions refined in Brazil, knees from Thailand, wrestling from Dagestan, punches from England, kicks from Brazil with strong historical ties to the Bantu-speaking peoples from Africa, takedowns combined with strikes from China, and much more. As well, a strong ethical basis for the practice has evolved.
 If you have any further questions about adult classes at MMA, please reach out to us HERE .
