---
source_url: http://www.triumphgym.com
final_url: https://triumphgym.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:19.142Z
---

Skip to content # Triumph Gym

 Welcome to Triumph Gym. The most welcoming school in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Our goal is to help you meet yours. Regardless of age or skill level, you will find quality instruction in Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and MMA. Join our team and find your home.

 Classes

 ## Reviews

 HONEST ABE What a great gym! All the guys that train here are first class all the way. Nick and Dylan are a couple of excellent coaches, and they go above and beyond to help someone feel comfortable when they first get started! Best decision I’ve made in years, to start training here 💯

 TheKro16 I must begin by saying that I highly recommend Triumph MMA to anyone looking for a place to train and participate in fellowship. The coaches and the people here make this place special. The community atmosphere that exists here makes me happy to go train and learn with each session. I feel that it's especially easy for newcomers to transition into a routine here as it feels very inviting. Thank you to all involved!

 Dan Thomas Triumph is an amazingly welcoming gym with great coaches and training partners. I have been going for 6 months and I feel like everyone there is family. Highly recommend stopping in for a great workout and training sesh. No judgement here ever. All skills levels welcomed. I was brand new at BJJ walking into the gym and now I can confidently say that I am way better than I was 6 months ago. Do it for your body and your mind. Shout out to Coach Dan and John for being amazing coaches. First week is even free! See ya there.

 Verano Hall I've had a great experience here. When you come to classes frequently, you can make some great friends. It's a very welcoming atmosphere and everyone helps each other out if they're struggling with a certain technique, etc. The instructors really know what they're talking about and are very helpful.

 Ian Keith I travel a lot for work so have gotten the chance to visit a larger number of schools than most. Dan and his team are a great example of what the jiu jitsu culture is. Warm, inviting, and instructive while still keeping that competitive edge. Give Triumph a try, you won't regret it.

 Michael Hurley Competitive atmosphere, intense training, experienced and helpful fighters

 George Mollien Absolutely great gym. Dan is a humble beast! He lives and breathes Jiu Jitsu. He has a genuine love (addiction ☺️) for the art. Every student gets help from the coaches, they truly focus on making each person better. I have two kids that train here as well (son and daughter). Youth class is no joke, they are getting skills! John is great with these kids. They all love going to class and have an amazing camaraderie.

 Drew Champlin Triumph has great coaches, facilities, and classes. Everyone is welcoming and excellent training partners. Grand Rapids is lucky!

 Mike Carr Excellent place, great instructors and very patient! My 11yr old loves it!

 Jacob Wheeler Great place! It's not a place where you pay for a belt but a place where you can really learn.

 jiujitsufiend Dan is a great instructer! Very personal instruction his BJJ is great highly recommend especially if you're new to jiu-jitsu very woman friendly too. Strictly BJJ side.

 ### Join Us All ages and skill levels welcome. Our welcoming programs include Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and MMA.

 ### Ready to learn more? Follow the link below for details on the classes we offer.
 Click Here

 ### No Contracts First week FREE!

 ### Tution All of our membership rates are monthly. We do not ask members to sign a contract.
 Learn More

 ### Instructors Our instructors take pride in providing quality training.

 ### Get To Know Us We welcome all ages and skill levels. Follow the link below to learn more about our instructors.
 Click Here

 triumph_gym_gr
 4460 Plainfield Ave, Grand Rapids,MI 49525.
Time t

 4460 Plainfield Ave. Grand Rapids,Mi 49525
Time to

 Register here for womens summit

https://jiujiteir

 Congratulations to @grapplerstef on your promotion

 Another great seminar with professor @jorgegurgel

 We will be hosting Professor Jorge Gurgel August 1

 Black Belt anniversary. 8 years. Thank you to @jo

 Thank you for inviting me to share JiuJitsu. What

 What an honor to share some of my knowledge with G

 Bring a friend!

 Instagram post 18002856971535526

 Instagram post 17906747825970400

 Instagram post 18014514965355235

 Sunday wrestling crew. #triumphgym #jorgegurgel

 Thank you @robertotravenbjj for a fantastic semina

 Great opportunity for experienced and brand new gr

 Congratulations Professor Dan Andrus on your
2nd d

 Triumph ladies making their mark on the Jiu Jitsu

 Some of the Original boys. 16 years ago, Still goi

 Wow! Thank you Professor Jorge for another awesome

 Load More... Follow on Instagram
