---
source_url: http://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:48.761Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Hi-Nella ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Fighters United. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training in Hi-Nella! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art. It's also a self-defense system, a sport, and an excellent way to create better fitness! At Fighters United, we offer authentic Jiu-Jitsu classes that focus on technique, real-world self-defense, on getting a great workout, and on building a sense of community -- a place where people from across Hi-Nella, Haddonfield and beyond can come together and train with confidence.
 To learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? From establishing a new sense of self-confidence to experiencing reduced stress and heightened focus in your everyday life, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has real-world benefits.
 Our team at Fighters United is committed to helping ordinary men and women from Hi-Nella take advantage of high-quality martial arts training. No matter your age, experience, or fitness level, we'll help you learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, supportive environment. Through our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you'll have fun, get fit, and meet new friends and mentors from all over our community!
 ##### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes offer: - A fun, healthy way to get fit - Real-world self-defense skills - Improved focus and reduced stress - A great sense of community
 When you train with us at Fighters United, you'll get the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in the Hi-Nella area, and the results will speak for themselves. Weight loss , muscle gain , greater productivity at work ... these are just a few of the incredible benefits of Jiu-Jitsu training!
 #### Enroll at Fighters United Today! Experience the grace, power, and life-changing potential of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu system by signing up for our martial arts classes. You'll be welcomed by the awesome community we've worked so hard to cultivate here at Fighters United, and it's easier than ever to get started. Join us in Hi-Nella and get ready to roll!
 Just fill out the short form below to get started with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes!
 Get more information now!

 ## Family Oriented Martial Arts and Fitness Training for Hi-Nella, Haddonfield and Haddon Heights Request information

 I had the pleasure of training at Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike and I can honestly say it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. Coach Mike is an incredible coach and mentor who is passionate about helping his students reach their goals. He is knowledgeable, patient, and always willing to go the extra mile to ensure his students are getting the best training possible. The gym itself is well-equipped and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike to anyone looking to take their martial arts training to the next level.

 Love this new gym. Excellent coaching and motivated students....leave each class with the feeling of gaining new experience and skills. Whether you're a newbie looking for a spot to train...or a vet looking to mix up and roll with new people...or parent looking to get your kids into something athletic that will build confidence and respect....this is the place for you!!! Hope you guys will give this gym a shot!!!

 I have trained with Mike Ahn on and off since 2007, Its rare to meet and work with someone as knowledgeable and passionate for the martial arts as him. The man brings a world of experience and dedication for his students, anyone considering joining the martial arts world would benefit greatly by starting here.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
