---
source_url: http://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:49.083Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Hi-Nella ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Fighters United. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes At Fighters United, we get it. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu tends to be a male-dominated space, and even with the best of intentions, it can be an intimidating experience for women looking to get started. We recognize this potential barrier and have a dedicated class only for women, no matter the experience level.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across Hi-Nella and Haddonfield a chance to get started in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and connect with other women who are interested in the art of self-defense.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get more information now!

 #### What's Included in Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know. Taught by women and designed for women, our classes are designed to create a safe and welcoming environment and spread the message that BJJ is for everyone!
 Our Women's classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 Join us in Hi-Nella and learn:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position

 #### Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have Something for Everyone in Hi-Nella and Haddonfield! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Fighters United and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across Hi-Nella and Haddonfield.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get more information now!

 ## Family Oriented Martial Arts and Fitness Training for Hi-Nella, Haddonfield and Haddon Heights Request information

 I had the pleasure of training at Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike and I can honestly say it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. Coach Mike is an incredible coach and mentor who is passionate about helping his students reach their goals. He is knowledgeable, patient, and always willing to go the extra mile to ensure his students are getting the best training possible. The gym itself is well-equipped and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike to anyone looking to take their martial arts training to the next level.

 Love this new gym. Excellent coaching and motivated students....leave each class with the feeling of gaining new experience and skills. Whether you're a newbie looking for a spot to train...or a vet looking to mix up and roll with new people...or parent looking to get your kids into something athletic that will build confidence and respect....this is the place for you!!! Hope you guys will give this gym a shot!!!

 I have trained with Mike Ahn on and off since 2007, Its rare to meet and work with someone as knowledgeable and passionate for the martial arts as him. The man brings a world of experience and dedication for his students, anyone considering joining the martial arts world would benefit greatly by starting here.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
