---
source_url: http://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:49.367Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Hi-Nella ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Fighters United. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Help Your Child Build Confidence And Strength In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Prepare your child for any challenge life throws their way with our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Hi-Nella. Focusing specifically on the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, these classes build students of all ages up through positive reinforcement and exciting classes that are always changing.
 At Fighters United, we are committed to helping children of all backgrounds and abilities learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do.
 Get more information now!

 #### Your Child Can Master Every Aspect Of BJJ In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Takedowns, escapes, pins, submissions, our Kids BJJ class has it all! In our Kids BJJ program, your child will learn the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu along with their classmates, helping each other grow. While BJJ is an individual sport, the element of team play comes in during practice sessions as they will need to interact with their training partners and instructors. Our curriculum is structured to teach the core techniques and principles first, and then modified should your child be interested in competing. Discipline and attention to detail are at the forefront of our kids BJJ classes. One day a week we train with the gi (with the uniform) and one day a week we train no-gi (no uniform). Our Kids BJJ classes are open to children ages 8 to 12.
 ##### In our exciting Kids Martial Arts classes, we help children build: - Strength and coordination - Improved athleticism - Speed, agility, and flexibility - Complete confidence in themselves and their skillset
 #### PLUS Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Hi-Nella Offer Life Skills That Will Serve Your Child For Years To Come Whether your child goes on to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a professional athlete, they'll need a core set of character traits to serve them along the way. At Fighters United, we're making those skills easier and more exciting to learn than ever.
 Our Kids Martial Arts instructors are dedicated to making each and every class fun, keeping our students motivated from start to finish. And with the help of fundamental BJJ instruction, we help children take pride in the learning process and find the strategies that work best for them.
 ##### In no time, your child can develop: - Respect for others - Communication and teamwork skills - Focus and attention to detail - Perseverance and determination - And an unwavering sense of accomplishment
 #### Get Started Today Or Learn More About The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Hi-Nella Don't let your child struggle to find their footing. At Fighters United, we are here to help students of all ages and abilities take pride in what they do and develop vital self-defense skill along the way. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are helping young students from Hi-Nella, Haddonfield and beyond develop all the tools they need to succeed. Your child could be next.
 To learn more about our Kids Martial Arts Classes, all you have to do is fill out the short form on your screen today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Family Oriented Martial Arts and Fitness Training for Hi-Nella, Haddonfield and Haddon Heights Request information

 I had the pleasure of training at Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike and I can honestly say it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. Coach Mike is an incredible coach and mentor who is passionate about helping his students reach their goals. He is knowledgeable, patient, and always willing to go the extra mile to ensure his students are getting the best training possible. The gym itself is well-equipped and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike to anyone looking to take their martial arts training to the next level.

 Love this new gym. Excellent coaching and motivated students....leave each class with the feeling of gaining new experience and skills. Whether you're a newbie looking for a spot to train...or a vet looking to mix up and roll with new people...or parent looking to get your kids into something athletic that will build confidence and respect....this is the place for you!!! Hope you guys will give this gym a shot!!!

 I have trained with Mike Ahn on and off since 2007, Its rare to meet and work with someone as knowledgeable and passionate for the martial arts as him. The man brings a world of experience and dedication for his students, anyone considering joining the martial arts world would benefit greatly by starting here.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
