---
source_url: http://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Private-Martial-Arts-Training
final_url: https://fightersunitednj.com/classes/Private-Martial-Arts-Training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:49.641Z
---

# Private Martial Arts Training in Hi-Nella ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Fighters United. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Whether You Want More One On One Attention Or A Chance To Make Up For Missed Classes, Private Training Is Perfect For Everyone Here In Hi-Nella Need that extra boost to get you over the hump? Our private lessons might be the answer! One hour of completely personalized lessons and individual attention, your improvement will noticeably skyrocket. Each session can be modified to better fit your learning style and needs. The beauty of private lessons is that we can really focus on areas of improvement, something that may not be possible when the instructor has to teach to everyone in the class in a regular session. In a private lesson the hour is dedicated completely to you and your improvement. These sessions aren’t limited only to martial arts lessons either, if you want an entire hour of fitness to get in better shape we are more than happy to meet your needs. Feel free to get creative with your suggestions, we’re here to serve you!
 Quit spinning your wheels with plans that don't address your priorities . Start seeing real results now with our Private Training!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Private Lessons Give You Control Over Your Martial Arts or Fitness Plan All of our bodies are built differently and we all react to training methods in different ways. So why should we all have to work out on the same system without wanting more? Well, at Fighters United, you don't. We'll work with you during Private Training to develop a program that has a clear direction toward your individualized goals.
 Maybe you want to build muscle but stay lean and agile. Maybe you're looking for more speed in your Martial Arts movements. No matter what, we've got what you're looking for.
 ##### Our skilled instructors will help you commit to a plan through Private Training Lessons that will help you: - Become a better martial arts student from day one - Learn skills that apply directly to you - Address your weaknesses without the pressure of a class setting - Thrive in an environment that has only one goal: your absolute success
 ## Private Lessons Give You Unbelievable Motivation And Support The best part of our Private Training Lessons is the constant support and feedback that you'll get from one of our trained professionals . In a class setting, our goal is to present you with the information and give you the best chance to succeed. But with Private Lessons, everything we do revolves around you.
 Get the best coaching possible with constant motivation and leave each day knowing you got better, not worse.
 ##### Private Lessons give you access to: - Individualized feedback - Celebrations of your success - Support through the toughest challenges - A clear-cut path toward your loftiest goals
 #### Sign Up Now And Train Smarter With Fighters United Private Lessons You don't have to fit yourself into umbrella programs and classes full of people. Get started today with our Private Lessons at Fighters United and take your training to the next level. For more information on this or any other classes we offer for Hi-Nella, Haddonfield, and surrounding areas, simply fill out the form on your screen and a member of our staff will be in touch soon to answer any questions you might have.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## Family Oriented Martial Arts and Fitness Training for Hi-Nella, Haddonfield and Haddon Heights Request information

 I had the pleasure of training at Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike and I can honestly say it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. Coach Mike is an incredible coach and mentor who is passionate about helping his students reach their goals. He is knowledgeable, patient, and always willing to go the extra mile to ensure his students are getting the best training possible. The gym itself is well-equipped and the atmosphere is friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend Fighters United MMA Gym with Coach Mike to anyone looking to take their martial arts training to the next level.

 Love this new gym. Excellent coaching and motivated students....leave each class with the feeling of gaining new experience and skills. Whether you're a newbie looking for a spot to train...or a vet looking to mix up and roll with new people...or parent looking to get your kids into something athletic that will build confidence and respect....this is the place for you!!! Hope you guys will give this gym a shot!!!

 I have trained with Mike Ahn on and off since 2007, Its rare to meet and work with someone as knowledgeable and passionate for the martial arts as him. The man brings a world of experience and dedication for his students, anyone considering joining the martial arts world would benefit greatly by starting here.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
