---
source_url: http://www.combatbaseflint.com/programs/brazilianjiujitsu
final_url: https://www.combatbaseflint.com/programs/brazilianjiujitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:25.666Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Flint, MI

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Embark on a journey of self-discovery and physical mastery with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program at Combat Base Flint. Whether you're an advanced practitioner looking to refine your skills, a beginner eager to learn the art of BJJ, or a seasoned participant seeking to take your technique to the next level, our program is tailored to meet your needs. Attendees will engage in grappling, submissions, and self-defense techniques, leading to increased confidence, improved physical fitness, and refined mental focus. Join us today to unlock your full potential in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 ### How it Works Experience the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in the heart of Flint, MI at Combat Base Flint. Our program offers a structured approach to training that caters to individuals of all skill levels. Discover the thrill of sparring, hone your ground game, and develop a profound understanding of leverage and technique. Take the first step towards a healthier lifestyle with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and reap the rewards of discipline, strength, and resilience. When you join our program, expect expert coaching, camaraderie, and a platform to elevate your skills. Start your journey today!
 ### Join Us Today! Don't miss out on the opportunity to enhance your fitness journey by enrolling in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Combat Base Flint in Flint, MI. Our program is designed to accommodate diverse fitness goals and skill levels, ensuring that everyone can benefit from the transformative power of BJJ. This is your chance to join a supportive community, push your limits, and experience the unparalleled effectiveness of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu firsthand. Seize the moment and take the first step towards a stronger, healthier you!

 Start Your Free Trial Contact Us For More Info

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of Flint, MI Residents

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Located On the corner of Dort HWY and Nebraska Ave
 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Combat Base Flint is located and easily accessible from all of Flint.

 This is some text inside of a div block. ### Come visit us 1109 N Dort Hwy, Flint, MI 48506, USA
 Get Directions

 Flint

 ## You don't have to be great to start, but you do have to start to be great.
 Start Your Free Trial
