---
source_url: http://www.berwynheightsbjj.com
final_url: https://www.berwynheightsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:08.985Z
---

× Start Your 10-Day Free Trial

 × Close #### BHBJJ Accepting New Students
 ...
 Start Your 10 Day Free Trial Close

 - Gracie Combatives® The fastest path from beginner to street readiness, guaranteed! Learn More - Women Empowered® CLASSES Women Empowered® is the official Gracie self-defense program for women. Learn More - Gracie Bullyproof ® Prepare your child for life! Learn More - Gracie Game Day This is part of the BullyProof Character Development Program. Kids must earn points at home for demonstrating good character (i.e. respect, health, manners, etc.) Learn More - MASTERCYCLE® Hundreds of advanced techniques, organized into a clearly defined systematic curriculum. Learn More - PRIVATE LESSONS If you prefer to have more individual attention or would rather train in a private setting, we are happy to offer private lessons by appointment. Learn More - Fundamentals of Striking The more you know, the better prepared you are to defend… Learn More

 ### Latest News

 DEC 13

 #### Tour this school with Rener & Ryron Gracie

 #### BHBJJ joins the ranks of Invictus LEO Verified Academies BHBJJ recently was listed on the Invictus LEO website as one of the academies dedicated to keeping Law Enforcement AND the public safer through practical self-defense training tailored specifically for Law Enforcement officers. Ask about our special LEO classes/ discounts.
 read more

 DEC 10

 #### Jiu Jitsu Stacks The Odds In Police Officer’s favor in spite of A Huge Weight Difference" Through the years we’ve often talked about cop jitsu and how huge of a difference it makes...
 read more

 ### Tour this school with Rener & Ryron Gracie
 CLICK ON VIDEO

 ### Testimonial

 Read Catie M. 's review of Berwyn Heights Brazilian Jiu Jitsu on Yelp
 ★★★★★ 2 months ago

 Joe and the crew are awesome. Very welcoming group and good vibe. Looking forward to the next session!

 Matt M
 Read Vivian C. 's review of Berwyn Heights Brazilian Jiu Jitsu on Yelp
 ★★★★★ 2 years ago

 We are now hooked on Brazilian Jiu-jitsu! I was looking for a martial arts program for my two young kids, and found Berwyn Heights BJJ. Now all three of us have been taking classes for over a year. We love the sport, and my kid's confidences have grown exponentially. And, Joe is an amazing instructor, always positive and makes class fun, no matter what age.

 Christopher Grim

 ### Why Train With BHBJJ? Risk-Free Trial - - Our free trial period offers you the chance to see the great classes we have to offer, without the pressure of having to sign up on the spot. Shop around, look at other programs, and then come see if we have something different to offer.
 NO LONG TERMS CONTRACTS REQUIRED - Unlike most large schools, we don’t force you to sign a long-term contract. If after the trial period, you aren’t convinced that our classes are the most practical and fun self-defense instruction around, sign up for a single month and give it a try with no additional commitment. We don’t force you to sign a contract because we think students should have the choice.
 Safe, welcoming atmosphere - Everyone starts somewhere, and everybody is a beginner at something. Our school culture is built on a spirit of cooperation and teamwork.
 Individual Attention - We keep our class sizes small enough that we have time to give you INDIVIDUAL ATTENTION as necessary.
 Curriculum-based instruction - It can be frustrating to be taught a technique, and then never see it again for a year or more. By then you’ve forgotten everything you learned! Our curriculum ensures that you are being exposed to the MOST EFFECTIVE self-defense techniques we have to offer, and on a regular and consistent basis. Repetition is the key to success. If you come to class ready to learn, we’ll take care of the rest!
 Beginners welcome! - Walking into a martial arts school for the first time can be scary. I know, I’ve been there myself. You may think “Can I do it?”, “Will they be nice?”, “Will my training partners try to hurt me?”. Relax, everything’s going to go great! I promise you will probably do better than you think, our vibe is very open and friendly, and safety in training and instruction is of paramount importance. If you can walk into the school with the desire to learn, you already have everything that’s required to begin (or continue) your Self-Defense journey.”
 LEARN MORE JOIN NOW

 ### Offering Self-Defense Education and Jiu Jitsu Instructions for all ages!
 CONTACT US

 ### Proudly serving the Berwyn Heights/ College Park/ Greenbelt area We specialize in teaching practical self–defense to all ages and abilities. Whether you are looking for anti–bullying programs for children, self–defense for adults, or a women‘s safety seminar, we have something to offer you! Learn how to get fit, build confidence, and stay safe in a clean, welcoming, team–oriented environment. Beginners and first–timers especially welcome!

 - - - -

 ##### Contact Us - 7100 Baltimore Ave Suite 104 - College Park, MD 20740 - 301-458-0434 - info@berwynheightsbjj.com

 ##### Quick links - Home - About Us - Media - Blogs - Classes - Contact

 ##### Tools & Resources - Gracie University - Become an Instructor - Admin

 This Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center is independently owned and operated. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu®, Gracie Combatives®, Gracie Bullyproof®, Women Empowered®, and Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center®, are registered trademarks used under license from Gracie University.
 BHBJJ © 2019 - 2026 | Powered by AIMD Group
