---
source_url: http://www.410academy.com
final_url: https://www.410academy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:20.021Z
---

# Your Next Level in BJJ & MMA Starts Here Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 one week free trial  Our programs

 one week free trial  Our programs

 ## Who We Are Welcome to 410 Academy, Salisbury's premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and mixed martial arts gym! Our facility is fully equipped with top-of-the-line mats and training equipment, and our experienced instructors are dedicated to helping you reach your full potential. Whether you're a beginner looking to learn the fundamentals of BJJ or an experienced fighter looking to take your skills to the next level, we have a class for you. Our classes are designed to be challenging and engaging, and our instructors are committed to providing a safe and supportive learning environment.

 Contact us

 ## Calendar
 ### monday 6:00 - 7:30 am | no-gi bjj
 12:00 - 1:30 PM | brazilian jiu jitsu (gi)
 5:00 - 6:00 pm | women's only bjj (no-gi)
 6:00 - 7:10 pm | youth bjj (gi)
 7:15 - 8:30 pm | adult bjj fundamentals (gi)

 ### tuesday 12:00 - 1:30 PM | no-gi bjj
 5:00 - 6:00 PM | Tiny Tots (age 4-7)
 6:00 - 7:15 pm | Striking
 7:15 - 8:30 pm| submission grappling (no-gi)

 ### wednesday 6:00 - 7:30 am | adult bjj fundamentals (gi)
 12:00 - 1:30 Pm | brazilian jiu jitsu (gi)
 5:00 - 6:00 PM | women's only bjj (gi)
 6:00 - 7:10 pm | youth bjj (gi)
 7:15 - 8:30 pm | adult bjj fundamentals (gi)

 ### thursday 12:00 - 1:30 PM | no-gi bjj
 5:00 to 6:00 PM | Tiny Tots (age 4-7)
 6:00 -7:00 pm | Striking
 7:00 - 8:30 pm | judo

 ### friday 6:00 - 7:30 am | no-gi bjj
 12:00 - 1:00 PM | brazilian jiu jitsu (gi)
 5:00 - 6:00 PM | youth no-gi jiu jitsu
 6:00 - 7:10 pm | Striking
 7:15 - 8:45 pm | no-gi bjj

 ### saturday 10:00 - 11:00 AM | SPARRING
 11:00 - 12:00 aM | Striking
 12:00 - 2:00 PM | open mat
 ### Sunday 8:45 - 10:00 AM | Striking
 10:00 - 11:30 AM | JUDO

 ## Our Programs Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level. In addition to our regular BJJ and MMA classes, we also offer specialized training programs for kids and women. Our kids' classes are designed to teach discipline and self-confidence in a fun and engaging way, while our women's classes provide a supportive and empowering atmosphere for female students.

 If you're ready to get in shape, learn self-defense, and join a welcoming and supportive community, come check out 410 Academy. We can't wait to meet you and help you reach your goals!

 ### Adult No Gi Jiu Jitsu Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ### Tiny Tots Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ### Youth Jiu Jitsu Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ### Adult Gi Jiu Jitsu Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ### Women’s Jiu Jitsu Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ### Striking Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ### Judo Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ### Open Mat Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 learn more

 ## Meet our Team Join 410 Academy to train with dedicated instructors in a welcoming community, and take your skills to the next level.

 Sean Ashley

 Jack Shellenberger

 Dave Leon

 Brittany Edwards

 Scott Alder

 Joey Calabrese

 Taehyun Nam
