---
source_url: http://www.nextedgeacademy.com/page/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://nextedgeacademy.com/page/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:56.233Z
---

Next Edge Academy
 email team@nextedgeacademy.com
 phone 605-740-5955

 #### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Currently we offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Adults and teens. Our suggestion is for you to try class first to see what you think.
 Try a Free Class
 FAQ for Adult BJJ
 Class Times
 Monday & Wednesday at Noon
 Monday - Thursday at 6:15pm
 Saturday at 12pm
 We offer a great Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program. Our classes are taught by Bruce Hoyer, a Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu under Rodrigo Medeiros and a two-time World Championship Medalist in the Gi at Purple Belt and Blue Belt, and a No-Gi World Champion at Purple Belt as well. He has competed in over 90 tournaments and has been medaled in over 100 divisions! He is currently one of the highest ranking Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belts in South Dakota. Fun fact the highest ranking one also teaches at Next Edge Academy. Our program is designed to make you excel in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We combine general instructional classes with personalized training, goal setting and video analysis, all to make you the best possible grappler!
 # Want to sign Up? Great we have three options to help fit your budget best. Please note if you are a Middle School, High School or College Student. Please select from the three options below
 $40 Every 2 Weeks Student Membership
 $85 Monthly Student Membership
 $750 Annual Student Membership
 If you are out of school. Please select from the three options below.
 $48.50 Every 2 Weeks Adult Membership
 $105 Monthly Adult Membership
 $950 Annual Adult Membership
