---
source_url: http://www.nextedgeacademy.com
final_url: https://nextedgeacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:56.391Z
---

Next Edge Academy
 email team@nextedgeacademy.com
 phone 605-740-5955

 #### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Welcome to Next Edge Academy Sioux Falls source for BJJ, Boxing, Kickboxing and MMA.

 ### 15+ Instructors
 ### 250+ Students
 ### 3-4 Classes per Day
 ### 25+ Years Experience

 Book a Class
 Learn About the Coaches
 Pricing

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that emphasizes ground fighting and submission holds to control and defeat an opponent. You'll learn to control and submit opponents in a friendly and challenging environment.
 Learn More about BJJ
 Book a Class

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Kids teaches children self-defense, discipline, and physical fitness through ground-fighting techniques and submission holds. Kids will build their confidence and develop a solid foundation in BJJ, regardless of their skill level.
 Learn More about Kids BJJ
 Book a Class

 ## Boxing Boxing is a combat sport where two participants wearing protective gloves throw punches at each other in a ring, aiming to score points or achieve a knockout. Through bag work, sparring, and drills, you'll get a full-body workout while learning self-defense.
 Learn More about Boxing
 Book a Class

 ## Kickboxing & Muay Thai Our kickboxing classes provides excellent total body conditioning. We focus on teaching proper technique. This is not a cardio kickboxing class, however you will get a great workout. So if you are just looking to learn and get in shape or you are looking to compete in kickboxing this is the gym for you!
 Learn More
 Book a Class

 ## Why Choose Next Edge Academy? Whether you're just starting your fitness journey or looking to enhance your routine, Next Edge Academy provides a supportive and motivating environment.
 Our team is dedicated to helping you achieve your personal goals, ensuring you have the best experience possible.

 ### Trusted By Our Members
 5 / 5 Stars
 Great coaches, with even better teammates. It's a blessing to walk through their doors a couple times a week.
 J
 Joe Leasure

 5 / 5 Stars
 Great place to train.
 N
 Nate Bode

 5 / 5 Stars
 Dropped in while in town for work. Great instruction, culture, and rolls. This is a great gym. I’ll be back next time I’m in Sioux Falls. Thanks again!
 J
 Justin Berg

 5 / 5 Stars
 Been taking my girls here for longer then a year now. Bruce and his team do an amazing job. I highly recommend them, and I will certainly keep coming year after year
 Seth North

 3 / 6 Reviews

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Check out the most frequently asked questions about Next Edge Academy.

 ### How much does a membership at your gym cost?
 - Adults:105 a month plus tax - Students: 85 a month plus tax

 ### How long is the contract?
 We are month to month with a 30–day notice for before canceling.

 ### What do I wear to practice/train?
 - For BJJ – T-Shirt, and Shorts. Additional Gear not required: Gi (), Mouthguard () - For Boxing – () Boxing Gloves, () Hand Wraps, T-Shirt and Shorts Additional Gear not required: () Headgear, Mouthguard () - For Muay Thai – () Boxing Gloves, () Hand Wraps, T-Shirt and Shorts Additional Gear not required: () Headgear, () Shin Guards, Mouthguard ()

 ### Do I have to compete?
 No, not at all, roughly 60% of students don’t compete.

 ### Am I too old/young for Class?
 Our typical age is around 22, however, we have students from 5 to 60

 ### Do I need any protective equipment?
 You can wear a cup if you would like however most people don’t. A mouth guard however is a necessity. For boxing we suggest a headgear only if you plan on competing. For kickboxing you need a mouth guard and shin guards.

 ### Is there military or civil discounts?
 Yes 10%

 ### How does billing work?
 You can pay via credit/debit card, or an auto draft from a bank account. Your first membership dues will be charged the day you start and will continue to be charged on that day each month until. We do offer annual, monthly and biweekly payment options as well.

 ### What makes your classes different than other gyms?
 Our BJJ program has several black belts, all who teach with their own personal style and background.
 Our Boxing program is the only one in the state that has both a Silver Level and a Gold Level USA Boxing coach leading classes.
 All of our disciplines offer beginner programs as well, if you are just starting your martial arts journey!

 ### What are the class times?
 Adult BJJ :
 Monday and Wednesday at 12pm
 Tuesday and Thursday at 6am
 Monday through Thursday at 6:15pm
 Friday's at 6:30pm (open mat) and Saturday's at 12pm
 Adult Boxing:
 Tuesday and Thursday at 12pm
 Tuesday and Thursday at 5:15pm
 Saturday's at 11am
 Adult Kickboxing :
 Tuesday and Thursday at 12pm
 Tuesday and Thursday at 7:15pm

 ### I just want to train MMA, how do I get started with that?
 We highly recommend that you train at least 3-4 months in each of the various disciplines (boxing, bjj, and kickboxing) before transitioning to the MMA program, as this is not an entry level class.

 ### When can I start?
 Whenever you are ready! We are always looking to add more people to the Next Edge team!

 ### What are the belt rankings in BJJ?
 Kids Belts:
 White, Grey, Yellow, Orange, Green
 Adult Belts:
 White, Blue, Purple, Brown, and Black

 ### How long does it take to get your black belt?
 Typically about ten years. Black belts are only offered to students that are at least 18 years of age, even if they have been training for 10+ years.

 ### Are the classes great exercise?
 Boxing classes are great cardio workouts! Pad rounds are as intense as you and your partner make them.
 BJJ classes are very low intensity during the instructional portion, however once live rolls/positional rolls have started, it can be very intense.

 ### Where is the best place to purchase a Gi?
 You can purchase a GI through Sanabul or Amazon. The Sanabul brand is a high quality, low cost gi that most of our members have used at least once. You can also purchase your gi directly through us, these Gi's would have the Next Edge logo on them.

 ### How often should I train as a beginner?
 We recommend starting with 2x/week for the first couple months, then you can always add in more as your body adjusts to the new movements.

 ### Do I need any protective equipment?
 We always recommend that you have a mouth guard. If you plan on competing in any disciple, you will need to purchase a cup, groin protectors (boxing), head gear (kickboxing/boxing) and/or shin guards (kickboxing).
 To get started though, the only thing you'd need would be a mouth guard.

 ### Will training in martial arts teach my kid to be violent?
 We focus on teaching kids sports jiu jitsu, to use in competitive settings. Although its focused on the sport side of things, BJJ is still a great self defense skill and we constantly remind our young students that they are not to use any martial arts outside of the gym, unless having to defend themselves.

 ### Do me or my kids run the risk of injury by participating in class?
 As with any sport or exercise routine, there is always a small chance of injury. However, our instructors and advanced students do their best to ensure that students stay safe, especially in our youth classes.

 ### Is the gym beneficial for women?
 Yes! Martial arts is a great form of self defense and exercise. Our female membership has nearly tripled in the last few years, have have several high ranking female members that assist with teaching and compete as well.

 ### I'm nervous about taking my first class, what else can I do?
 Be nervous to start is completely normal. However all of our classes are beginner friendly, taught by high level instructors, and are full of members who love helping each other. If you are still unsure, you can start by taking one of our Beginner programs, that focus on the fundamentals and are taught in a much smaller group setting.

 ### What is a Gi, and why do I have to wear one?
 The Gi is a traditional uniform that is worn in various martial arts. A thicker material makes up the jacket and pants and allows for users to utilize gi specific chokes, submissions, and grips. It is not required at our gym, however we do have GI specific classes and highly recommend that you train in the gi if possible.

 ### Do you offer a discount for families?
 Yes!
 After the first membership, our discount system looks like the following:
 off the second membership,
 off the third membership,
 off the fourth membership,
 off the fifth membership.
 *this price structure represents a month to month membership, please speak with Bruce if you'd like to utilize annual memberships.

 # Interested in Class? Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone
 Which class are you interested in? ... Kickboxing Boxing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu MMA Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu All
 Child's Name if applicable

 Get in touch
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.
