---
source_url: https://riliongracieri.com
final_url: https://riliongracieri.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:52.183Z
---

# Become the best version of yourself
 Jiu-Jitsu is more than martial arts… It’s confidence, discipline, and fun on the mats.

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL NOW

 ## explore Our Programs

 Beginners
 Learn the foundations of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Kids & Juniors
 Build confidence, discipline, and respect through fun Jiu-Jitsu classes designed for kids.

 Advanced
 Sharpen your skills, refine your technique, and push your limits every session.

 No Gi
 Fast-paced training focused on body control, transitions, and submissions.

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL NOW

 ### what they say about us
 Lily Mancini     

 As a beginner, I was so happy to join such a welcoming and professional atmosphere. Everyone is very friendly and Rai is extremely knowledgeable! I am so excited to advance in my BJJ journey 😊!

 Crystal     

 I joined a few months ago and it was one of the best decisions I’ve made. In such a short time I’ve learned so much in how to protect myself and I gained an entire family. Rai and the team are some of the most amazing people I’ve met. If you’re looking for somewhere you fit in, somewhere you can learn to defend yourself and have fun doing so, then this is your place!

 Reed Standley Rillion Gracie RI, man, let me tell you, it's been a wild ride. The coach there, he's like a jiu-jitsu wizard, knows his stuff inside out. He’s dedicated to his craft of jiu jitsu and always pays close attention to make a personal connection with all his students. And the crew? They're not just members; they're your jiu-jitsu buddies, partners in crime. I can confidently say I’ve made some friends for life and developed myself into a better man (in ways I didn’t know were possible!)

 Kaiden Teribury     

 amazing and clean mats and experience like no other. everyone is support nice and supportive and is always willing to help and teach you. i encourage other who want to have a good jiu jitsu experience come here!

 ### Why choose Rilion Gracie Rhode Island
 01

 #### First Class is a Private As a key differentiator for Rilion Gracie Rhode Island, our Free Private Trial Class offers a personalized, 1:1 introduction to Jiu Jitsu and our teaching style, tailored to meet your learning goals.

 02

 #### Home of Authentic BJJ Choosing us means training Jiu-Jitsu at its most authentic source, rooted in the original Gracie family legacy, and being part of a global association dedicated to preserving the art’s true philosophy

 03

 #### Strong Community Students train in a respectful, family-like environment that promotes personal growth, discipline, and lifelong friendships.

 BOOK A FREE PRIVATE

 ### We Are Rilion Gracie Rhode Island
 Home of Authentic BJJ. Founded under the global association of Master Rilion Gracie , we preserve the true art and philosophy of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Led by Professor Rai , our Head Coach, we are committed to technical excellence, personal growth, and building a strong, respectful community.

 More About BJJ
