---
source_url: https://www.ojjlab.com/page/programs
final_url: https://ojjlab.com/page/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:58.570Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Kids ### Kids (ages 5-17) Little Warriors, Big Dreams: Jiu Jitsu Programs Tailored for Young Champions
 Kids 5-7: Our program for young children focuses on building confidence, discipline, and basic Jiu Jitsu skills in a fun and safe environment. Parents can expect a nurturing setting where their children are encouraged to explore and learn at their own pace. Our instructors are patient and supportive, ensuring each child feels valued and included.
 Kids 8-14: For older children, our program emphasizes respect, teamwork, and advanced Jiu Jitsu techniques, all while fostering a love for the sport. We create an atmosphere of camaraderie and mutual respect, where every child can thrive. Parents will find a community that supports their child's growth, both on and off the mat. While we encourage children to consider joining The Lab, our competitive team, we understand that competition isn't for everyone and there's no pressure to do so.

 Stay Connected # Stay Connected ## Stay Connected with Oregon Jiu Jitsu Lab! Join our community and be the first to know about exciting updates, exclusive offers, and upcoming events at Oregon Jiu Jitsu Lab.
 Your Name
 Email Address

 Register for Your Free Trial
 Welcome to our growing community of Jiu Jitsu enthusiasts. We're thrilled that you've chosen to begin your journey with us. Your commitment to self-improvement is truly inspiring.

 - Phone 5033088455 - Address 3691 NE John Olsen Ave Hillsboro, OR 97124 - Email dan@ojjlab.com Contact Us
 - © Oregon Jiu Jitsu Lab - - Powered by Gymdesk
