---
source_url: http://littlerockbjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://littlerockbjj.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.467Z
---

# West Little Rock Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Our Ground-Based Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes Can Help You Build Strength And See Real Results Whether your goal is to get in great shape, learn effective self-defense skills, or compete at the highest levels, we have the answer for you here.
 In fact, our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are offering the best blend of all three - and so much more!
 We're giving men and women across West Little Rock the chance to take on ground-based training and learn from some of the area's most accomplished instructors. This program is perfect for all experience levels.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 ## Why Is Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program Right For You? From the outside, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu looks intense. It's fast-paced and it includes a lot of maneuvering as each fighter works to gain leverage.
 But at Westside BJJ, we work hard to make this sport more approachable than ever before.
 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes break the discipline down into small steps that you can learn one at a time. We help people of all skill sets take on the basics before slowly putting the pieces together into a comprehensive self-defense system.
 Our BJJ classes here in West Little Rock can help you learn:
 - Guard, mount, and side control strategies - Locks, armbars, and choking techniques - Seamless pass or transition tools - Effective sweeps and submission skills
 ## In No Time, You'll Enjoy Results Across Your Entire Body It's true, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a total-body discipline that requires strength, speed, and coordination. At Westside BJJ, we're here to help you make that happen.
 Our BJJ classes maintain a high-energy environment where people of all fitness level keep their hearts racing and their muscles guessing like never before.
 Come see us here in West Little Rock today and take on:
 - Total-body strength and muscle toning - Sustainable fat burning strategies - Improved agility and athleticism - Unwavering confidence in every aspect of life
 ## Get Started Today With The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes In West Little Rock And Beyond! If you're ready to change the way you train - and have a great time in the process - come see us today at Westside BJJ. We're offering Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for people of all backgrounds and we can't wait for you to get started.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 ### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In - Chenal West Little Rock - Downtown Little Rock - Bryant

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us In West Little Rock For The Best BJJ Classes Around! Request information

 One of the amazing things about this gym is fact that I was a shy teenage girl with no experience and they made me feel comfortable with as an absolute beginner. Something that separates Westside’s grappling program is the fact that it has an amazing Judo program with 3 judo Black Belts, Catch Wrestling, & a ton of BJJ Black Belts. Training here is like training at 3 separate grappling gyms! The amount of coaches is astounding. Did I mention there beginner BJJ classes are amazing too?

 I was really looking for a way to get in shape, at 340lbs I just felt my life was passing me by. I started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Westside and enjoyed it so much I later added the kickboxing classes to my schedule. Because of the personal attention and quality of this gym I was able to win some big matches as well as change my life for the better.
 I’m proof that anyone can do this, I had no intentions of becoming a competitor and even if I never competed I would have still needed a program like this to learn how to defend myself

 My son Nick and I started training at Westside MMA and really enjoy the training. The beginners program was perfect for us, especially when we were just starting out, we still do those classes as well from time to time! If you’re looking for something fun to do and looking for a place to meet new friends then you should definitely take advantage of the free trial and try out a class.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
