---
source_url: http://littlerockbjj.com/classes/Family-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://littlerockbjj.com/classes/Family-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.724Z
---

# West Little Rock Family Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Train Together And Have A Blast In Our Family Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes At Westside BJJ, we're giving you and your loved ones the chance to bond over the excitement of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and challenge each other to stay active like never before. Our Family Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are the perfect way to surround your child with positive role models and help them have fun in the process!
 Come see us here in West Little Rock today or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 ## Why Is Family Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Right For You? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is an awesome sport for both kids and adults to learn. So why not learn it together at the same time?
 Our Family Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes offer the rare chance for you and your child to train side-by-side and challenge each other with the ins and outs of this dynamic discipline.
 At Westside BJJ, we're offering a family-friendly environment where people from all across West Little Rock can come together and learn this ground-based discipline while also staying active and developing the best blend of mental, physical, and emotional development in no time.
 Join us here in West Little Rock today and try out:
 - Professional BJJ instruction - A safe, supportive setting - Exciting classes that challenge you every week - Tailored training for any skill set
 ## See It For Yourself! Learn More About Our Family Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes Here In West Little Rock Today! If you're looking for a new way to keep your kids active and bond over the journey together, join us here at Westside BJJ and see everything our Family Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes have to offer.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or come see us here in West Little Rock!

 ### Our Family Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In - Chenal West Little Rock - Downtown Little Rock - Bryant

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us In West Little Rock For The Best BJJ Classes Around! Request information

 One of the amazing things about this gym is fact that I was a shy teenage girl with no experience and they made me feel comfortable with as an absolute beginner. Something that separates Westside’s grappling program is the fact that it has an amazing Judo program with 3 judo Black Belts, Catch Wrestling, & a ton of BJJ Black Belts. Training here is like training at 3 separate grappling gyms! The amount of coaches is astounding. Did I mention there beginner BJJ classes are amazing too?

 I was really looking for a way to get in shape, at 340lbs I just felt my life was passing me by. I started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Westside and enjoyed it so much I later added the kickboxing classes to my schedule. Because of the personal attention and quality of this gym I was able to win some big matches as well as change my life for the better.
 I’m proof that anyone can do this, I had no intentions of becoming a competitor and even if I never competed I would have still needed a program like this to learn how to defend myself

 My son Nick and I started training at Westside MMA and really enjoy the training. The beginners program was perfect for us, especially when we were just starting out, we still do those classes as well from time to time! If you’re looking for something fun to do and looking for a place to meet new friends then you should definitely take advantage of the free trial and try out a class.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
