---
source_url: http://littlerockbjj.com/services/Kids-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://littlerockbjj.com/services/Kids-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.978Z
---

# West Little Rock Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## We're Here To Teach Your Child The Ins And Outs Of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu At Westside BJJ, we're doing Kids Martial Arts just a little bit differently. Join us here in West Little Rock and introduce your child to the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. This ground-based system is a high-energy way to keep students active and help them stay motivated week after week.
 We're proud to work with students of all ages and backgrounds, setting them up for success with the best blend of mental, physical, and emotional skills in no time.
 Learn more today by simply filling out the short form on your screen now!
 ## What Can You Expect From Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes? For starters, safety is an absolute priority in everything we do here at Westside BJJ. Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are held in a safe, controlled environment where students can learn and challenge themselves without ever risking injury.
 Our classes are led by professional instructors who can help students of all skill sets learn one step at a time. We use a step-by-step approach to development, giving each child the chance to learn at their own pace.
 At Westside BJJ here in West Little Rock, your child can learn:
 - Total-body coordination - Well-rounded motor skills - Strength and athleticism - Effective bully prevention strategies
 ## And From Day One, We're Focused On Setting Your Child Up For Life Long Success Sure, we want our students to master the skills of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and use the sport as a tool for an active lifestyle. But we also know how important it is for our students to take on the mental development and social skills they'll need to thrive in all aspects of life.
 At Westside BJJ, our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are offering students all across Little Rock the chance to build confidence in themselves and learn how to work well with others. We're helping them face every challenge with complete confidence and persevere through any set back along the way.
 Come see us today and help your child develop:
 - Respect and discipline in any situation - The best communication and conflict resolution skills - Leadership and teamwork strategies - Focus and attention to detail
 ## Try It Out Today! Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes Are Great For Students Across West Little Rock And Beyond! Don't miss out on this high-energy system here at Westside BJJ. We're helping students all across our community build life skills one step at a time and we can't wait for your child to be next.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes and everything else we have to offer here in West Little Rock.

 ### Our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In - Chenal West Little Rock - Downtown Little Rock - Bryant

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us In West Little Rock For The Best BJJ Classes Around! Request information

 One of the amazing things about this gym is fact that I was a shy teenage girl with no experience and they made me feel comfortable with as an absolute beginner. Something that separates Westside’s grappling program is the fact that it has an amazing Judo program with 3 judo Black Belts, Catch Wrestling, & a ton of BJJ Black Belts. Training here is like training at 3 separate grappling gyms! The amount of coaches is astounding. Did I mention there beginner BJJ classes are amazing too?

 I was really looking for a way to get in shape, at 340lbs I just felt my life was passing me by. I started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Westside and enjoyed it so much I later added the kickboxing classes to my schedule. Because of the personal attention and quality of this gym I was able to win some big matches as well as change my life for the better.
 I’m proof that anyone can do this, I had no intentions of becoming a competitor and even if I never competed I would have still needed a program like this to learn how to defend myself

 My son Nick and I started training at Westside MMA and really enjoy the training. The beginners program was perfect for us, especially when we were just starting out, we still do those classes as well from time to time! If you’re looking for something fun to do and looking for a place to meet new friends then you should definitely take advantage of the free trial and try out a class.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
