---
source_url: http://littlerockbjj.com
final_url: https://littlerockbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:40.283Z
---

Proudly Training All Ages And Abilities # Little Rock's Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Request more information

 Fitness | Self-Defense | Competition Training ## Westside BJJ At Westside BJJ, we are offering comprehensive Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for men, women, and children all across Little Rock. Our system is designed to help people of all skill levels find success. We offer professional coaching and an ego-free environment and we give everyone the chance to learn at their own pace.
 Whether you're here for improved health and wellness or you're hoping to compete and master every aspect of this discipline, we have the answer.
 Come see us today and try it out for yourself or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 - - -

 Our Locations ## Chenal West Little Rock ##### View Our Other Locations Chenal West Little Rock / Downtown Little Rock / Bryant

 View all locations

 One of the amazing things about this gym is fact that I was a shy teenage girl with no experience and they made me feel comfortable with as an absolute beginner. Something that separates Westside’s grappling program is the fact that it has an amazing Judo program with 3 judo Black Belts, Catch Wrestling, & a ton of BJJ Black Belts. Training here is like training at 3 separate grappling gyms! The amount of coaches is astounding. Did I mention there beginner BJJ classes are amazing too?
 #### Hilary Williams

 I was really looking for a way to get in shape, at 340lbs I just felt my life was passing me by. I started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Westside and enjoyed it so much I later added the kickboxing classes to my schedule. Because of the personal attention and quality of this gym I was able to win some big matches as well as change my life for the better.
 I’m proof that anyone can do this, I had no intentions of becoming a competitor and even if I never competed I would have still needed a program like this to learn how to defend myself
 #### Kevin Sniff

 My son Nick and I started training at Westside MMA and really enjoy the training. The beginners program was perfect for us, especially when we were just starting out, we still do those classes as well from time to time! If you’re looking for something fun to do and looking for a place to meet new friends then you should definitely take advantage of the free trial and try out a class.
 #### Brian Bell

 Roli is the man! Training at Westside was an amazing experience! There was a great vibe, everybody’s cool and professional. I really respect their dedication for material arts and how far they’ve come. I follow their philosophy, as they have achieved top ranks in the sport, a level of success which any athlete would want to reach.
 #### Marcel Goncalves

 The Jiu jitsu program at Westside MMA is amazing. I have been there twice and I always tell people that these guys train with A LOT of heart! I can’t wait to train there again! Aside from being great grapplers, these are really good people!” In 2012 I plan on returning again and staying a while. Maybe even train MMA with the team and do some fights representing WESTSIDE MMA!
 #### Master Pimenta

 Get Started Today! ## Request More Information

 One of the amazing things about this gym is fact that I was a shy teenage girl with no experience and they made me feel comfortable with as an absolute beginner. Something that separates Westside’s grappling program is the fact that it has an amazing Judo program with 3 judo Black Belts, Catch Wrestling, & a ton of BJJ Black Belts. Training here is like training at 3 separate grappling gyms! The amount of coaches is astounding. Did I mention there beginner BJJ classes are amazing too?

 I was really looking for a way to get in shape, at 340lbs I just felt my life was passing me by. I started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at Westside and enjoyed it so much I later added the kickboxing classes to my schedule. Because of the personal attention and quality of this gym I was able to win some big matches as well as change my life for the better.
 I’m proof that anyone can do this, I had no intentions of becoming a competitor and even if I never competed I would have still needed a program like this to learn how to defend myself

 My son Nick and I started training at Westside MMA and really enjoy the training. The beginners program was perfect for us, especially when we were just starting out, we still do those classes as well from time to time! If you’re looking for something fun to do and looking for a place to meet new friends then you should definitely take advantage of the free trial and try out a class.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
