---
source_url: https://bbjjoff.com
final_url: https://bbjjoff.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:37.898Z
---

# Use the Form Below to Sign Up for Classes Use the Form Below to Sign Up for Classes Use the Form Below to Sign Up for Classes Use the Form Below to Sign Up for Classes Use the Form Below to Sign Up for Classes

 Find a Class

 #### About Us #### Qualified Instructors We offer quality instruction from professional instructors. Roman, our founder holds a 3rd degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our other instructors, Micheal and Todd both hold black belts.

 #### Modern Studio Our academy features 2000 square feet of matted area, located on the third floor of a historic brick mill building .

 #### Our Philosophy Start your journey to greater fitness and confidence today! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and sport for all ages, sizes, and abilities. Whether your goals are to become more physically fit, start a new hobby, compete in tournaments, learn mixed martial arts, or just train to have fun, you will find it all and more at Boston Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 #### Schedule
 ### Sunday

 #### BJJ Open Mat #### 10:00 am #### - #### 12:00 am

 ### Sunday

 #### BJJ Open Mat
 #### 10:00 am #### - #### 12:00 am

 ### Monday

 #### BJJ Drills #### 8:00 am #### - #### 9:00 am

 ### Monday

 #### BJJ Drills
 #### 8:00 am #### - #### 9:00 am

 ### Monday

 #### BJJ Class #### 7:15 pm #### - #### 8:15 pm

 ### Monday

 #### BJJ Class
 #### 7:15 pm #### - #### 8:15 pm

 ### Tuesday

 #### BJJ Class #### 7:00 pm #### - #### 8:00 pm

 ### Tuesday

 #### BJJ Class
 #### 7:00 pm #### - #### 8:00 pm

 ### Wednesday

 #### BJJ Class #### 7:00 pm #### - #### 8:00 pm

 ### Wednesday

 #### BJJ Class
 #### 7:00 pm #### - #### 8:00 pm

 More Events

 #### Social

 #### Contact Us If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### Boston Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu of Framingham 28 John H. Finley III Wy Suite 304, Framingham, Massachusetts 01701, United States
 + 1 (508) 202-0996 bostonbjjframingham@gmail.com

 #### Hours See schedule for class times

 Get in Touch!
 #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get in Touch!

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
