---
source_url: http://www.shannonajj.com
final_url: https://shannonajj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.497Z
---

# Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu #### Stay present. Stay determined. Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome to! ## Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu
 Welcome to Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu, the premier place for No Gi Jiu-Jitsu in Linden, Virginia. Our laidback environment is perfect for martial artists of every skill level. We’ve cultivated a friendly, helpful, and tight-knit environment that encourages growth on and off the mat. You’ll find yourself amongst passionate individuals who will push you to be your best self. Through Jiu-Jitsu you’ll improve physical fitness and overall health. Ready for a better lifestyle? Join Shannon Jiu-Jitsu to experience improvement today.

 ## Free Trial Class Still not sure that Jiu-Jitsu is for you? Don’t just take our word for it, experience Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu for yourself with your FREE TRIAL CLASS!

 Sign Up Today!
 ##### Free Trial Class ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: The Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu team strives to make students better on and off the mat. By developing strong relationships, we instill discipline and confidence. We lead by example and teach our students how to pass on knowledge, helping others grow as well. Our instructors care deeply about our students and will always do what’s best for them. This individualized attention and passion for helping lifts students to new heights.
 Shannon Jiu-Jitsu specializes in No Gi Jiu-Jitsu in Linden, Virginia. Our head instructor Billy Shannon is the only IBJJF certified instructor in the region. This combination of experience and specialization results in top-quality BJJ classes.
 #### Our History: Owners Billy Shannon and Nick Wallace established Shannon Jiu-Jitsu in 2020. Before opening their own physical Jiu-Jitsu academy, they had been teaching their program for over 15 years. A former wrestler, Billy missed the sport and ultimately found Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a way to dive back into grappling. He was so passionate about the art he decided to establish a gym in his hometown. Today he’s happy to continue living out his passion. Billy couldn’t envision anything better than building a community and legacy for Jiu-Jitsu in Linden.
 Learn More!

 ## What makes us stand apart?

 ##### Perseverance Learning martial arts can be challenging, but it teaches you how to overcome adversity. You can apply your resilience to school, work, and life.

 ##### Character Our students learn discipline through Jiu-Jitsu training. Martial arts classes bring out your confidence, respect, and humility.

 ##### Inclusive Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu welcomes you whether you strive to get fit or to become a champion competitor. There’s a place for everyone in our community.

 ##### Camaraderie You’ll find yourself within a tight-knit community. Your peers and instructors will uplift you to new heights and success.

 ##### Laidback We embrace a modern training environment. We know how to have fun and grow through the process.

 #####

 ## See what have we been up to!

 ## Hear what people are saying!

 My son, daughter and I love it here. This is a friendly environment. Everyone is welcoming.

 Ruslan S.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 He expressed that his concern was everyone enjoying the experience. Great experience!

 Christy B.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 When I got to Texas I wanted to start back up and here’s my shoutout to Coach/Owner/Professor Shannon, and Billy

 Bryan S.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 I had my first class tonight with Coach Billy. It was a great experience with a very positive learning environment.

 Zach W.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 It was an excellent experience, and I picked up a few details and zero injuries--which is all the best you can ask for as a visitor!

 Levi P.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 If you want your child to grow mentally as well as physically in a caring and friendly environment, this gym is for you.

 April F.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ### Contact Us Today! Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu is a top-quality No Gi Jiu-Jitsu academy in Linden. We invite nearby communities including Front Royal, Berrys, Chester Gap, and beyond to join us right across from The Apple House.

 (540) 619-0033
 shannonartsajj@gmail.com
 3056 Dismal Hollow Rd, Linden, VA 22642
 Get Directions

 ### Shannon Arts Jiu-Jitsu 3056 Dismal Hollow Rd, Linden, VA 22642
 Get Directions
