---
source_url: https://www.kompoundtrainingcenter.com/centennial-colorado-jiujitsu
final_url: https://www.kompoundtrainingcenter.com/centennial-colorado-jiujitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:17.058Z
---

CENTENNIAL COLORADO KOMPOUND

 TRY 7 DAYS UNLIMITED CLASSES FOR FREE

 CENTENNIAL BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU SCHEDULE

 CENTENNIAL KICKBOXING SCHEDULE

 CENTENNIAL, COLORADO BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a dynamic and effective martial art that originated in Japan but evolved and gained worldwide popularity through the efforts of Brazilian practitioners. Unlike other martial arts, Jiu-Jitsu focuses on ground-based techniques, emphasizing leverage and technique over size and strength. Our school provides a safe and welcoming environment for students of all ages and skill levels to learn the art of self-defense, improve physical fitness, and build confidence. Whether you're a beginner with no prior experience or an experienced practitioner looking to refine your skills, our knowledgeable and passionate instructors are dedicated to guiding you on your Jiu-Jitsu journey.

 THE KOMPOUND ACADEMY

 The Kompound Training Center approach is around demonstrating techniques and drills for actual situations. While some techniques are designed specifically for sport Jiu Jitsu, Kompound Training Center focuses on real-world situations so the techniques can be applied in the street or on the mat, making it effective regardless of where or when it is needed.

 PROFESSOR BRAD NICOLARSEN

 Brad Nicolarsen's journey in martial arts began at 14 years old with boxing, but he soon found his true passion in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ). After training in Muay Thai, he delved into the world of BJJ and is currently a 3rd degree black belt with Rafael Lovato Jr. In 2012, Brad opened The Kompound Training Center, prioritizing his students' growth and success. He emphasizes passing on his knowledge and love for BJJ, focusing on personal goals as well as competition. Brad's gym offers classes for all levels and aims to preserve the traditional values of BJJ while embracing its evolution within the rapidly growing MMA community. He aspires to spread the word about BJJ and nurture the next generation of dedicated athletes at his school.

 RAFAEL LOVATO JR. AFFILIATE SCHOOL

 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is rooted in the lineage of Rafael Lovato Jr. With a legacy of excellence in technique and dedication to the art, our academy embodies the values and teachings passed down through his training and methodology. From this foundation, we continue to cultivate a community of practitioners who are committed to mastering the art of BJJ. Our affiliation signifies a connection to a lineage that values both tradition and innovation, ensuring that each student's journey is guided by the wisdom of generations past and the passion for shaping the future of Jiu-Jitsu.

 CENTENNIAL BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU SCHEDULE

 MONDAY
 - 6:30-7:30 AM - All Level BJJ - 5:00-5:50PM - Kids BJJ - 6:00-6:50PM - Fundamental No Gi - 7:00-8:30PM - All Level BJJ (No Gi) -

 TUESDAY
 - 10:00-11:00AM - Advanced BJJ - 5:00-5:50PM - Kids BJJ - 6:00-6:50PM - Fundamentals BJJ - 7:00-8:30PM - Advanced BJJ

 WEDNESDAY
 - 6:30-7:30AM - All Level BJJ - 10:00-11:00AM - Advanced BJJ - (No Gi) - 5:00-5:50PM - Kids BJJ - 6:00-6:50PM - Fundamentals BJJ - 7:00-8:30PM - Randori (Members & Affiliates Only) -

 THURSDAY
 - 10:00-11:00AM - Advanced BJJ - 6:00-6:50PM - Fundamentals BJJ - 7:00-8:30PM - Advanced BJJ -

 FRIDAY
 - 10:00-11:00AM - Open Mat BJJ - 6:00-7:30 - Competition Training -

 SATURDAY
 10:00-11:15AM - All Level BJJ (No Gi)

 SUNDAY
 8 :30-9:30AM - Fundamentals BJ
 9:30-10:30AM - Randori (Members & Affiliates Only)

 CENTENNIAL KICKBOXING SCHEDULE

 MONDAY
 - 5:00-6:00PM - All Levels Kickboxing - 6:00-7:00PM - Open Practice (Members only)

 TUESDAY
 - 5:00-6:00PM - All Levels Kickboxing - 6:00-7:00PM - Open Practice (Members Only) -

 WEDNESDAY
 - 5:00-6:00PM - All Levels Kickboxing - 6:00-7:00PM - Open Practice (Members Only)

 THURSDAY
 - 5:00-5:50PM - Kids Kickboxing

 FRIDAY
 - 6:00-7:30PM - Competition Training

 SUNDAY
 - 7:30-8:30AM - All Levels Kickboxing - (Open & Free to the Public) -

 STUDENT TESTIMONIALS

 "The group of students and instructors were great about working with a first time student and making sure there was not an intimidation factor at all. My kids have been going for a month now as well and they never want to miss a class, going 4-5 days a week. Great job to all of you."
 Josh S.

 "This is a great place for anyone to train, whether you're just starting out or have been doing martial arts/jiu-jitsu for quite some time. Coming here has kept me both healthy and motivated in my everyday life experiences and the curriculum really allows for flexibility with work and other activities."
 Richard B.

 "We love The Kompound family, everyone is so friendly. The Kompound offers classes that work with my families busy schedule. Great kids Jiu Jitsu program with excellent kids coaches, and an adult program that is also excellent with classes offered for all levels."
 Joel E.

 PHONE: 720-595-0802
 ADDRESS: 7342 S Alton Way 7E, Centennial CO 80116

 Kompound Home

 Liability Waiver

 Share
 0
