---
source_url: https://lp.atombjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=my-business
final_url: https://lp.atombjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=my-business
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:18.774Z
---

### Atom Jiu Jitsu & Science No matter your age or fitness level, our welcoming environment and experienced instructors will make you feel at home from the very first free class.

 Schedule Your Free One-Week Trial Class

 ## 50% OFF ONLY IN JANUARY

 By signing up at Atom Jiu-Jitsu & Science in January, you get 50% off on your membership. You just need to book your first free trial class this month and you’ll get this offer.

 * Valid with a 3-month plan

 Book my first free trial class

 ## Our Programs

 ### Kickboxing Improve endurance and learn powerful moves in Kickboxing classes that combine fitness and self-defense.

 ### Adults Jiu-Jitsu (Beginners, All Levels & Advanced)
 Learn from basics to advanced techniques in Jiu-Jitsu classes for all levels, guided by qualified instructors.

 ### Kids Jiu-Jistu Fun and safe classes for children, promoting discipline, confidence, and friendship.

 ### Women’s Self-Defense Empower yourself with practical, effective self-defense techniques for everyday situations.

 ## See where you’re going to train.

 ## Special Offer for those who serve!

 As a token of appreciation for your service, we’re offering an exclusive discount to all U.S. citizens who serve our communities. Join our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu family and experience world-class training at a special rate. Whether you’re looking to build strength, learn self-defense, or improve your fitness, we welcome you to train with us.

 Claim Your Discount Today

 ## Is jiu jitsu for you?

 ## For Your Children

 - Do you want your child to develop confidence to face challenges? - Would you like your child to have more discipline and focus at school and home? - Has your child been bullied, and you want them to learn how to defend themselves? - Do you want your child to have a physical activity that keeps them away from screens? - Are you looking for a healthy way to teach your child values like respect and resilience?

 ## For Adults & Teens

 - Are you tired of starting diets and exercises that never bring real results? - Do you feel like you’re always putting off taking care of your health and need something to finally motivate you? - Have you tried losing weight several times, but find it all too boring and discouraging? - Do you miss having an environment where you can challenge yourself and step out of your comfort zone without being judged? - Do you want to learn how to defend yourself while also building more confidence in your daily life?

 ## How to schedule a Trial Class?

 Step 1: Click the button and fill out the form.
 Step 2: Choose your class type and pick a date & time on the calendar.
 Step 3: You’ll get email and SMS confirmations with all the details.

 Schedule Your Free One-Week

 ## How to schedule a Trial Class?

 Step 1: Click the button and fill out the form.
 Step 2: Choose your class type and pick a date & time on the calendar.
 Step 3: You’ll get email and SMS confirmations with all the details.

 Schedule Your Free One-Week

 ## Is Jiu Jitsu all about fighting?

 ### Self-confidence Confidence grows with mastery over body and mind. Exercise helps raise self-esteem, bringing greater assurance in various life situations.

 ### Self-defense Self-defense offers personal safety and practical skills. Learning defense techniques improves your ability to react and boosts your confidence.

 ### Less stress, more happiness Reducing stress is essential for a balanced life. Regular exercise practices help you relax and increase your overall happiness.

 ### Muscle tone Muscle toning helps define your shape and boosts endurance. With targeted exercises, you achieve a firmer and more balanced body.

 ### Physical strength Building physical strength involves regular training and proper nutrition. Increase your strength and enhance your everyday performance.

 ### Weight loss Losing weight can be achieved with healthy habits, promoting body balance and well-being. A workout routine is key to long-term results.

 Schedule Your Free One-Week

 ## Our Schedule

 ### Monday Jiu Jitsu: 6:00am - 7:15am
 Jiu Jitsu: 12:00pm - 1:00pm
 Kickboxing: 4:30pm - 5:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu Beginners: 5:30pm - 6:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu: 6:45pm - 8:15pm

 ### Tuesday Jiu Jitsu: 6:00am - 7:15am
 Toddlers: 4:45pm - 5:30pm
 Kids: 5:30pm - 6:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu: 6:45pm - 8:15pm

 ### Wednesday Jiu Jitsu: 6:00am - 7:15am
 Jiu Jitsu (NO GI): 12:00pm - 1:00pm
 Kickboxing: 4:30pm - 5:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu Beginners: 5:30pm - 6:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu: 6:45pm - 8:15pm

 ### Thursday Jiu Jitsu: 6:00am - 7:15am
 Toddlers: 4:45pm - 5:30pm
 Kids: 5:30pm - 6:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu: 6:45pm - 8:15pm

 ### Friday Jiu Jitsu: 6:00am - 7:15am
 Jiu Jitsu: 12:00pm - 1:00pm
 Kickboxing: 4:30pm - 5:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu Teenagers: 5:30pm - 6:30pm
 Jiu Jitsu: 6:45pm - 8:15pm

 ### Saturday Jiu Jitsu: 9:30am - 10:30am
 Open Mat: 10:30am

 ### Daniel Mola Our Instructor

 A 3nd-degree Black Belt under Demian Maia and a Jiu-Jitsu World Champion, he holds a degree in Physical Education from Mackenzie University (graduating at the top of his class) and a specialized degree in Sports Performance Training. With experience as a Jiu-Jitsu coach, personal trainer, and educator in Physiology and Biomechanics, he has trained diverse clients and taught certification programs for the National Council of Strength and Fitness. After moving to the U.S. in 2019, he founded Atom Jiu-Jitsu & Science to integrate martial arts and science-based fitness for goal-oriented training.

 ## earn points by referring friends

 Earn points every time you refer someone then redeem them for exclusive gear, gift cards, or even a free membership class.

 ### 100 POINTS T-Shirt

 ### 200 POINTS Rash or Hoodie

 ### 300 POINTS Gi

 ### 400 POINTS Gift card/dinner at 118 District ($120 value)

 ### 500 POINTS Get one month free with your membership

 Refer A Friend Now

 ## Frequently Asked questions

 Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu suitable for beginners?
 Yes, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is suitable for beginners of all ages and fitness levels.

 Do I need to be in shape to start training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 No, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for everyone, regardless of current fitness level.

 What Should I Bring to My First Jiu Jitsu Class?
 Wear comfortable athletic clothing and bring a water bottle to stay hydrated.

 I'm worried about getting injured. Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu emphasizes technique and control, reducing the risk of injury.

 Can Brazilian Jiu Jitsu help with self-defense?
 Absolutely. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches effective self-defense techniques for individuals of all sizes and strengths.

 What can I expect in my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class?
 In your first class, you’ll start with a warm-up followed by instruction on basic techniques and positions.

 I'm not interested in competing. Can I still train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Yes, many practitioners train for self-improvement, fitness, and camaraderie without competing.

 What if I'm a parent considering enrolling my child in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can benefit children by promoting discipline, confidence, and physical fitness. Our academy offers a safe environment with experienced instructors adept at engaging children effectively.

 ### Atom Jiu Jitsu & Science Atom Jiu Jitsu & Science is one of the most trusted names in martial arts around the World. Our values, commitment to excellence, and dedication to jiu-jitsu have set us apart as a leader in the Newton area martial arts community.

 - contact@atombjj.com - 118 Needham Street, Newton, Massachusetts 02464, United States - +1 (774) 721-4856

 ## @2024 Atom Jiu Jitsu & Science

 ## Follow Us

 Instagram Youtube Facebook
