---
source_url: http://www.strongholdbjjchicago.com
final_url: https://www.strongholdbjjchicago.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.553Z
---

# Stronghold Jiu Jitsu Academy
 VIEW SERVICES
 CONTACT
 "LIFE IS GOING TO PASS US BY, MIGHT AS WELL EARN YOUR BLACK BELT"

 about stronghold

 Stronghold Jiu-Jitsu Academy began as an idea. The idea to inspire others to become the best version of themselves through the art of Jiu-Jitsu. The idea then became a dream. The dream to truly change peoples lives.
 When Professor Luis’ daughter, Isabella was born, he was inspired to open Stronghold Jiu-Jitsu Academy as a way to bond and share his passion for Jiu-Jitsu with her, while teaching her to defend herself.
 Isabella has continued to be the motivation behind the principles that Stronghold Jiu-Jitsu Academy upholds, which has created a continually growing Jiu-Jitsu family.
 Professor Luis hopes to one day pass the Academy on to Isabella, where she can proceed to share their love for Jiu-Jitsu and continue his legacy.

 About
 ## WHAT WE OFFER

 ADULT BJJ

 ### KIDS BJJ
 ### JUDO
 ### POLICE
 ### WOMEN'S SELF DEFENSE

 MORE INFORMATION

 Services
 ## WHY STRONGHOLD
 #### "Professor Luis has skillfully created an atmosphere where you will be both welcomed and challenged."
 -RL

 8 months ago

 #### "This is a great place to develop technique and build your self confidence."
 -Anthony V

 3 weeks ago

 #### "EVERYONE will come up to you, shake your hand, introduce themselves, and welcome you to our Stronghold Jiu Jitsu family."
 -MT

 8 months ago

 Contact
 Stronghold jiu Jitsu Academy

 4120 N Nashville Ave
 Chicago, Illinois 60634
 ​
 Tel: 708-669-7221
 ​
 strongholdjiujitsu.chicago@gmail.com

 - -

 ## GET IN TOUCH
 First Name
 Last Name
 Email
 Phone
 Message
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
