---
source_url: https://ralphgraciegtx.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
final_url: https://ralphgraciegtx.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:04.222Z
---

# Ralph Gracie Georgetown #### Strength. Community. Tradition. Become a Member!
 Pause Video

 ##### Limited Time Offer: Member Special ×

 #### Welcome To Our ## BJJ Academy
 Ralph Gracie Georgetown offers the ideal blend of personal growth and competitive drive. As a dedicated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we use the martial art to help you push past limits and evolve into your strongest self—both on and off the mats. When you train with us, you become part of a supportive community of driven individuals who challenge and inspire one another. Our experienced instructors are committed to elevating your skills and guiding your progress every step of the way. Start your journey at Ralph Gracie in Georgetown, TX today and unlock your full potential!

 ## Programs

 ## Memberships

 ## Schedule

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: The Ralph Gracie Georgetown team uplifts students to become the best version of themselves through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We believe in leading by example by demonstrating excellent character on and off the mats. Practicing martial arts with us teaches you more than strength but also confidence and character as well. As the only Ralph Gracie school in the Austin Metro area and the second one in the state of Texas, we represent lineage, technique, and high-level skills. Are you ready to learn BJJ through the Gracie lineage? Join us to experience top-quality Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Georgetown.
 #### Our History: Owner John Simas started learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in 2009 and began teaching in 2018. Throughout his journey as a student, he was inspired by Ralph Gracie’s teaching. John had a natural talent for teaching and breaking down martial arts concepts to make them easily understandable. Ralph recognized this ability and pushed John to finally open his academy, Ralph Gracie Georgetown, in Fall 2024. As John and his wife Bethany navigate the beginning of their martial arts academy, they strive to share the benefits of Ralph Gracie Jiu-Jitsu with the community.
 Learn More!

 ## What to Expect From Us

 ##### Strength Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu improves strength, mobility, agility, and stamina to keep your body in top condition.

 ##### Community Martial arts builds unbreakable bonds and friendships. The Ralph Gracie Georgetown community is like family.

 ##### Tradition Ralph Gracie Georgetown teaches authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from the Gracie lineage.

 ##### Leadership Training gives you the confidence you need to become a successful leader in school, work, and life overall.

 ##### Character While building physical strength, we also help improve character. Martial arts bring out the best in individuals through discipline, respect, and resilience.

 #####

 ## Meet Part of Your New Community!

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 ### Contact Us Today! Want to be trained by ADCC champions? Ralph Gracie Georgetown invites nearby communities, including Round Rock, Leander, and Jarrell, to join us by the Inner Space Cavern to practice Jiu-Jitsu!

 (737) 738-3044
 info@ralphgraciegtx.com
 275 SE Inner Loop Ste 170, Georgetown, TX 78626
 Get Directions

 ### Ralph Gracie Georgetown 275 SE Inner Loop Ste 170, Georgetown, TX 78626
 Get Directions
