---
source_url: https://www.precisebjj.com/trial
final_url: https://www.precisebjj.com/trial
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:04.683Z
---

# Start your first week at Precise BJJ. For free.
 Come and try the beautiful art yourself.

 precisebjj@gmail.com

 138 W Pleasant Ave Unit A, Maywood, NJ 07607

 Email

 Address

 (201) 926-8217

 Phone

 First name *
 Last name *

 Email *

 Phone *

 Experience Level *

 Most Interested In *

 (Optional) Questions:

 Submit

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 - What will my first class be like?If you are new to jiu-jitsu, your first class at the academy will focus on a basic introduction to jiu-jitsu and our academy etiquette. After your introduction, you can watch a full class happening then and get a feel for what training is like. On your second visit, you get to participate in class and we will strive to match you up with a more experienced partner of similar size who will help you through the day’s training. If you already have jiu-jitsu experience, you are welcome to join the class and participate in training on your first visit. - What should I bring to class?Please bring water, a comfortable training shirt, and a good attitude. Come onto the mats expecting to learn something new. If you already own a gi, feel free to bring yours. - Am I going to get hit?No. In jiu-jitsu, our goal is never to hurt one another. That's the beauty of precise technique. The foundation of our training requires the use of positioning, weight, leverage, angles, and technique. Strength and speed can be used, but come secondary to the above. - Do I need to be in shape?No. But it can be an excellent way to get your body in shape. ​ One of the central pillars of jiu-jitsu is the idea that the smaller fighter can win against a larger opponent using proper technique. So, whether you're big, small, or somewhere in between, you'll fit right in.
