---
source_url: http://thecavegrapplingclub.com/bjj-class/instructors
final_url: https://thecavegrapplingclub.com/bjj-class/instructors
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:38.335Z
---

## Connor Dixon 1st Degree Black Belt
 Head Instructor

 ### Jennifer Angerman 4th Degree Purple Belt
 Assistant Instructor

 Connor began training with his father Dan Dixon in 2002 at the Vineland Judo Club and in their home gym inside their garage. In 2006, Dan began teaching the Saturday morning kids class at Joe Diamond’s school and would bring Connor with him while still regularly training at home. In 2007, Dan Dixon opened his own school, Impact Fitness and Martial Arts, where Connor received his black belt on 11/11/17. Connor wrestled for 3 years in high school at Millville and two years of college at RCGC. In 2016 while attending college, Connor began training and fighting in MMA under Daniel Gracie, Jonavin Webb, and John Marquez at Renzo Gracie Philly, Webb Fitness & MMA, and Marquez MMA respectively. During this time Connor fought professionally for both Bellator MMA and CFFC under the nickname “The Caveman.” Connor received his first stripe on his black belt on 12/19/22 from Jonavin Webb. Connor is one of the most experienced local black belt competitors having pro matches in Fury Pro Grappling, Finishers Sub Only, Ground Zero Grappling, Balance & Flow Invitational, Arena Grappling, Place of Peace Invitational, as well as many years of competing in local tournaments such as Grapplers Quest, NAGA, and The Good Fight.

 Jennifer began training in 2018 in Washington Township. Jennifer is a full time Laboratory Manager at a local hospital and spends her free time training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. She has experience competing at local tournaments such as The Good fight, Grappling Industries, and NAGA. Jennifer enjoys networking and cross training in the local BJJ community.

 BJJ Highlights from Instructor Connor Dixon

 Black Belt Lineage: Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie Sr. > Helio Gracie > Carlos Gracie Jr > Rigan Machado > Chris Haueter > Dan Dixon > Connor Dixon
