---
source_url: https://basebjj.com/bjj-classes/
final_url: https://basebjj.com/bjj-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:44.497Z
---

# Programs

 #### BASE Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Youth and Adult BJJ Classes are outlined below.

 ## Youth BJJ Classes

 #### Overview Youth Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) training is a martial arts program designed for children and teenagers ranging from 4-16 years of age. We focus on teaching grappling techniques, self-defense, and physical fitness in a safe, structured environment. Classes typically include warm-ups, drills to learn moves like sweeps, submissions, and escapes, and controlled sparring to practice skills. At BASE, we emphasize discipline, respect, and teamwork, tailoring lessons to suit different age groups and skill levels. Training promotes confidence, coordination, and problem-solving while fostering a fun, supportive community for young practitioners.

 #### Why should your child train in BJJ? - PHYSICAL FITNESS: BJJ improves strength, flexibility, coordination, and overall health through dynamic movements. - SELF-DEFENSE SKILLS: Teaches techniques to safely handle confrontations, emphasizing control and leverage over aggression. - DISCIPLINE AND FOCUS: Training instills a strong work ethic and enhances concentration through structured classes. - CONFIDENCE BUILDING: Mastering techniques and overcoming challenges boosts self-esteem and resilience. - SOCIAL SKILLS: Fosters teamwork, respect, and friendships within a supportive community of peers. - PROBLEM-SOLVING: Encourages strategic thinking and adaptability in dynamic sparring scenarios. - STRESS RELEIF: Provides a healthy outlet for energy and emotions, promoting mental well-being. - BULLYING PREVENTION: Equips children with skills and confidence to handle bullying situations effectively. - FUN AND ENGAGING: Offers an enjoyable, interactive activity that keeps kids motivated and eager to learn. - LIFE SKILLS: Cultivates perseverance, humility, and goal-setting applicable to everyday life.

 #### Youth Training Principles Youth BJJ classes will consist of the fundamental and advanced principles of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Classes are separated according to age and general size.
 - Little Furies: 4-7 Years - Warriors: 7-12 Years - Gladiators: 12-16 Years
 We follow the IBJJF Graduation System for Youth Belt Promotions. BJJ Classes consist of Gi and No-Gi training and are held throughout the week.
 Check out our schedule for specific times.

 Get your child started!

 ## Adult BJJ Classes

 #### Overview Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) training is a martial arts program focused on grappling, self-defense, and physical fitness for individuals typically aged 16 and older. Classes generally include warm-ups, technique instruction (covering moves like submissions, sweeps, and positional control), and live sparring to apply skills in a controlled setting. We cater to varying skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners, emphasizing technique, strategy, and safety. Adult BJJ training enhances physical conditioning, mental resilience, and problem-solving while fostering camaraderie and personal growth within a supportive community.

 #### Why should you train in BJJ? - JIU JITSU FOR A HOBBY: BJJ combines physical exercise with mental engagement, keeping you challenged and motivated. It offers a fun way to learn self-defense and improve fitness while building camaraderie within a supportive community. The constant progression in skills and techniques makes it rewarding and enjoyable long-term. - JIU JITSU FOR FITNESS: BJJ is a full-body workout that builds strength, endurance, flexibility, and cardiovascular health while burning calories for weight management. It strengthens the core, increases flexibility, and improves heart health through dynamic movements and sparring. - JIU JITSU FOR SPORT: BJJ promotes physical fitness, mental discipline, and self-defense skills. It emphasizes technique and leverage, making it accessible to people of all sizes and strengths. BJJ also fosters a strong sense of community and personal growth through consistent training and problem-solving. - JIU JITSU FOR SELF DEFENSE: BJJ teaches techniques to control and neutralize opponents, even those larger or stronger, using leverage and submissions. It focuses on ground fighting, enabling practitioners to defend from vulnerable positions. BJJ also builds situational awareness and confidence in real-world scenarios. - JIU JITSU FOR LIFE: BJJ enhances your life by improving physical fitness, mental resilience, and stress management through challenging training. It builds discipline, problem-solving skills, and confidence applicable beyond the mat. The supportive BJJ community fosters lasting relationships and personal growth.

 #### Adult Training Principles Adult BJJ classes consist of the fundamental and advanced principles of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Classes are held Monday-Saturday and separated between Beginners, All Levels, and Advanced but are open to your discression.
 We follow the IBJJF Graduation System for Adult Belt Promotions. BJJ Classes consist of Gi and No-Gi training. See schedule for specific times.
 Check out our Schedule here.

 Get Started!
