---
source_url: https://basebjj.com
final_url: https://basebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:44.593Z
---

# BASE BJJ

 #### Balance achieves success everyday

 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Join Base BJJ in Lubbock, Texas, for the best BJJ training. All levels welcome, remarkable instructors. Start your journey today!

 ## Training Programs

 ## Youth BJJ Training

 ## Adult BJJ Training

 ## The Benefits of Training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 #### Physical Fitness Improved cardiovascular health, muscular strength and endurance, enhanced flexibility, and weight loss.

 #### Increased Focus The constant need to strategize and react during BJJ training sharpens focus and concentration.

 #### Stress Reduction Engaging in a physically challenging activity like BJJ can help reduce stress and promote relaxation.

 #### Increased Confidence Mastering techniques and overcoming challenges in BJJ can build self-confidence and self-esteem .

 #### Enhanced Self-Discipline BJJ requires consistent effort and focus, fostering discipline and determination .

 #### Strong Community Our training takes place in a supportive and collaborative environment, fostering a sense of community and camaraderie.

 #### Social Networking BJJ provides opportunities to interact with other people who share a passion for the martial art, potentially leading to new friendships and social connection.

 #### Self-Defense Skills BJJ teaches valuable self-defense techniques that can be applied in real-life situations .

 #### Critical Thinking BJJ requires analyzing situations and developing strategies to overcome challenges, fostering problem-solving and critical thinking skills.

 ## Testimonials

 
 “As a woman, I felt comfortable immediately since it is such a welcoming atmosphere, which is so important! Love training here.”

 Sam M

 Member

 
 “I started my training weighing 290 lbs. I have lost over 70 lbs in the first year and have kept it off. My stamina is insane now. I have more energy to play with my kids and feel like I have added years to my life.”

 Roderick

 Member

 
 “My son struggled with self-confidence as a victim of bullying. Since he begun his training, his self-confidence has shot through the roof. He tackles tasks with authority now and believes in his own ability.”

 Kendra

 Mother of BJJ Youth Athlete

 
 “This place always feels like home. Great team, always willing to help each other.”

 Mark Plata

 Member

 ## First 3 Days: FREE!

 Step onto the mat and forge your path. The White Belt is where discipline, skill, and grit begin. Rise to the challenge and master skills that define true warriors. Commit now, unlock a stronger you!

 Join the Journey
