---
source_url: http://www.ascensionathleticsct.com
final_url: https://ascensionathleticsct.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:19.362Z
---

# Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ Get Started For Free Today!
 Pause Video

 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial! ×

 #### Welcome To Our ## Martial Arts School
 Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ is a martial arts school for everyone, offering Jiu-Jitsu, striking and MMA classes. Our uplifting environment is filled with beginner hobbyists, competitive martial artists, and everything in between. The experienced and accomplished Ascension team shows every student that they are capable of achieving their dreams. Are you ready to try something new? Join us at Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ in Bristol, Connecticut to start your journey of self-improvement today.

 ## Free Trial! Whether you’re a seasoned athlete or just starting out, our classes cater to all skill levels, providing a supportive environment for growth and success.

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Timer Offer: Free Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ supports you in all of your dreams and endeavors. We help you achieve these goals by promoting and supporting healthy habits in both competition and life. Our martial arts instructors are prepared to work with any learning style or skill level. Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ even offers a scholarship program to give opportunities to families that might not be able to afford martial arts classes. Local businesses in Bristol come together to donate and set aside these funds for the Ascension Scholarship Program.
 #### Our History: Owner Jeff Haddad began his martial arts training in 1999 and has been teaching since 2006. When he first began teaching, he coached a high school wrestling team and helped guide them to multiple championships. He was inspired by his mentor to finally open Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ in 2016. The school’s name represents growth and elevating yourself to a higher standard. Now, the martial arts academy has become a fundamental part of the Bristol community by tying people together through support and positivity.
 Learn More!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Positive Our friendly environment is built of supportive peers and encouraging instructors.

 ##### Inclusive Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ helps every individual achieve, regardless of their goal, age, or skill level.

 ##### Self-Defense Whether you decide to pursue MMA, Jiu-Jitsu, or striking, you’ll improve your strength and understanding of self-defense techniques.

 ##### Confidence Your inspiring instructors and peers will uplift you to succeed. You’ll realize your full potential on and off the mat.

 ##### Perseverance Martial arts classes challenge you to push your limits. Throughout your training you’ll learn how to overcome adversity to grow.

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To:

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It:

 Its a fun atmosphere full of jokes, laughter and the coaches genuinely care about us. They want to see us succeed they are on the mats teaching and explaining moves. It's great.

 Kat T.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The knowledge and skill of their craft blended with the accessibility and compassion of the gym family members is truly a one of a kind experience.

 John O.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 The Ascension family provides a great atmosphere for learning and growth!

 Corey N.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 I actually look forward to going. All of the coaches and owners are wonderful and work well with all skill levels.

 Angela Z.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Jeff, Dan, and all the coaches and members treated me with the utmost respect and really made me feel at home.

 Nick B.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ invites all individuals from nearby communities including Plainville, Farmington, New Britain, and beyond. Join us today in the Bristol Commons Plaza beside Planet Fitness and Once Upon A Child.

 (860) 306-1726
 ascensionathleticsct@gmail.com
 99 Farmington Ave, Bristol, CT 06010
 Get Directions

 ### Ascension Athletics MMA & BJJ 99 Farmington Ave, Bristol, CT 06010
 Get Directions
