---
source_url: https://www.trianglefranklin.com/schedule
final_url: https://www.trianglefranklin.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:12.658Z
---

615-870-4430

 Schedule

 TRIANGLE ACADEMY
 CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW TO VIEW OUR CLASS SCHEDULE

 If You Have Questions About Classes, Memberships, Or Getting Started, Leave Us A Message With Your Information And A Coach Will Reach Out To You!

 ### Contact Us Full Name
 Phone Number
 Looking for Looking for Myself Looking for My Child Looking for Someone Else
 Service Requested

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 ## FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
 - What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting. It emphasizes technique and leverage over size and strength, making it effective for people of all shapes and sizes. BJJ training develops physical fitness, flexibility, and strength while also improving mental focus, discipline, and problem-solving abilities - Do I need any experience to start BJJ? Absolutely not! Our academy welcomes beginners of all ages and fitness levels. We offer classes designed specifically for those new to BJJ, focusing on basic techniques and building a strong foundation. Our experienced instructors will guide you through every step of your journey - What should I wear to my first BJJ class? Bring a water bottle and flip-flops or slides - your uniform will be waiting for you!(Ladies - be sure to bring a sports bra to wear under the uniform) - Is BJJ safe for children? Yes, BJJ is safe for children when taught by qualified instructors. Our kids' programs focus on developing fundamental skills, building confidence, and fostering a positive learning environment. Safety is our top priority, and we implement age-appropriate techniques and supervision to ensure a secure training experience - What are the benefits of training BJJ for adults? BJJ offers numerous benefits for adults, including: Improved physical fitness: BJJ is a full-body workout that enhances strength, flexibility, and endurance.Self-defense skills: BJJ teaches effective techniques for defending oneself in various situations.Stress reduction: Regular BJJ training helps manage stress and improve mental well-being.Increased confidence: Mastering new skills and overcoming challenges boosts self-confidence.Social connection: BJJ provides an opportunity to meet new people and build lasting friendships. - What is your Drop-In Policy? We love having visitors, and never charge "mat fees" for cross-training.Visitors may reach us via cell/email about dropping in! - Do you have any uniform requirements? White, Blue or Black Gi only (IBJJF-compliant)Sports Bras required for female athletesMouthguards required for Live Training

 Still have questionS?

 SEND US AN EMAIL

 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE &
 START YOUR JOURNEY!

 ### Contact Us Full Name
 Phone Number
 Looking for Looking for Myself Looking for My Child Looking for Someone Else
 Service Requested

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 COMPANY INFO

 ADDRESS: 251 2nd Avenue South, Franklin, Tennessee 37064, USA

 EMAIL: cmayfieldbjj@gmail.com

 PHONE: 615-870-4430

 PRIVACY POLICY

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS

 HOURS

 SUNDAY: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM

 MONDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 TUESDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 WEDNESDAY: 5 :45 AM - 9:00 PM

 THURSDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 FRIDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 SATURDAY: 9:00 AM - 2:00 PM

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Triangle Franklin

 Share by:
