---
source_url: https://www.trianglefranklin.com/classes
final_url: https://www.trianglefranklin.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:12.733Z
---

615-870-4430

 Classes

 FRANKLIN BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU CLASSES

 CLICK TO CALL

 ## VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & START YOUR JOURNEY!

 Fill Out The Form To View Our Class Schedule

 ### Contact Us Full Name
 Phone Number
 Looking for Looking for Myself Looking for My Child Looking for Someone Else
 Service Requested

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 ## YOUR TRUSTED FRANKLIN BJJ COACHES

 Triangle Academy is your premier destination for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, and Wrestling training in the Nashville area!
 Our dedicated team of certified coaches include veterans, educational professionals, and some of the top-ranked competitors in the world.

 Our Programs operate on Technique Instruction , High-Volume Drilling , and Intense , Structured Live Training - under the supervision of coaches who are personally invested in each athlete in the training room. We combine this professional approach with a laid-back culture of camaraderie and fun. Every person on the training mats is important to us, and we are here to help you achieve your goals and

 AWAKEN YOUR POTENTIAL!

 CLICK TO CALL

 ## ADULTS AND KIDS BJJ CLASSES!

 ADULT BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU IN FRANKLIN TN

 Our Adult Program (ages 14+) is here to help you meet your goals -whether it's fitness, self-defense, competition, or anything in between.
 We offer two types of classes, designed to meet you where YOU are:

 - Fundamentals Program: Perfect for beginners or those looking to refine their core BJJ skills, our Fundamentals Classes offer a solid foundation in the essential techniques and principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, and Wrestling. We prioritize safety and proper execution.

 - Mastery Program: Take your Jiu-Jitsu to the next level with our Mastery Classes. Designed for intermediate and advanced students, these classes will push your limits and unlock your full potential with an emphasis on takedowns, intricate technique chains, and winning strategies.

 Advantages Of Our Adult BJJ Program :

 - Self-Defense Skills: Jiu-Jitsu, Wrestling & Kickboxing are sports, but these three styles are the bedrock of hand-to-hand combat. Training combat sports in a safe but competitive environment is the BEST preparation for real-world situations. - Confidence: Overcoming challenges on the mat translates to self-esteem in other areas of life! Children and adults who carry themselves with the confidence of a martial artist are much LESS likely to be bullied or ever have to put their combat skills to use. - Improved Fitness & Strength: Combat sports training is a full-body workout that builds strength, flexibility, and will push your cardio to new levels! Whether you're a college athlete or a recovering couch-potato, our classes will help you push out of your comfort zone. - Stress Relief: BJJ provides a" great physical outlet for stress, helping you clear your mind and focus. - Community & Connection: Become part of a TEAM of like-minded individuals who all enjoy a common interest in Jiu-Jitsu, and in becoming a better version of themselves! The rising tide raises all the ships, and we succeed together!

 Want personalized instruction to fast-track your BJJ progress? Our Private Lessons provide one-on-one coaching tailored to your specific needs and goals. Whether you're a beginner looking to build a strong foundation or an experienced grappler aiming to refine your game, our expert instructors will help you achieve your full potential.

 Join our community and unlock your full potential through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!

 START TODAY!

 KIDS BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU IN FRANKLIN TN

 Our Kids Program introduces children to the exciting world of Jiu-Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. With age-appropriate classes that incorporate wrestling fundamentals, your child will develop valuable skills, build confidence, and have a blast!

 - Ninjas Program (Ages 5-8): Our Ninjas Classes teach young children the basics of martial arts in a fun and safe environment. We engage this youngest age group through drills and matches that build their coordination, focus and self-confidence.

 - Juniors Program (Ages 9-12): Our Juniors Program builds on fundamental techniques, teaching older children more advanced techniques, strategies, and the importance of discipline, respect and humility. - Advanced Kids Program: Our invitation-only Advanced Classes focus on more detailed techniques, drills and high-volume Live Training. Taught by coaches who are competing at the highest level of the sport, this program is a springboard to elevate the more experience young competitors to the next level.

 Advantages Of Our Kids BJJ Program :

 - Discipline & Focus: Our class structure perfectly balances Discipline with Fun. Over the first weeks of training in Jiu-Jitsu, even the most rambunctious children will learn how to sit still, focus for longer periods of time, and control their words & bodies! - Bullying Solutions: Our Beginner Classes educate children on Bullying, and equip them with real-life tools to stand up for themselves, to ask an authority figure for help, and even how to defend themselves as non-violently as possible. - Teamwork: Martial Arts training is a unique combination between an individual and team sport - Jiu-Jitsu athletes compete 1-on-1, but train as a team. This combination is AMAZING for children who may struggle in group sports, as they are able to learn at their own pace while still experiencing team & social dynamics! - Confidence: As children see their hard work & fun translate into training room "Wins", they learn to overcome challenges and believe in their abilities. This confidence grows into every area of life, on and off the mats!

 In addition to our group classes, we also offer Private Lessons for students seeking personalized attention and accelerated progress. Our experienced and professional instructors will work with your child 1-on-1 (or 2-on-1 with another child) to help master the basics, work through any "trouble areas" and accelerate their Martial Arts progress!

 Enroll your child in our Risk-Free Intro Trial today and watch them thrive on and off the mats!

 START TODAY!

 ## WHEN TO START BJJ? MORE THAN JUST GRAPPLING

 ### Work ethic, tenacity, discipline, and kindness.

 - If you're curious about BJJ but not quite sure what it's all about: We're happy to chat, answer your questions, and even invite you to watch a class. - If you're looking for a way to get in shape, relieve stress, or learn self-defense: BJJ is an amazing full-body workout that challenges you both physically and mentally. - If you want to be part of a supportive community: Our BJJ academy is more than just a place to train; it's a place to make friends, build connections, and feel like you belong. - If you're ready to challenge yourself and step outside your comfort zone: BJJ is a journey of continuous learning and growth. It's about pushing your limits and discovering your true potential.

 Don't hesitate to reach out—we're excited to welcome you to our BJJ family!

 CLICK TO CALL

 ## WHERE WE SERVICE

 Arrington, TN

 Brentwood, TN

 College Grove, TN

 Eagleville, TN

 Franklin, TN

 Murfreesboro, TN

 Nashville, TN

 Nolensville, TN

 Spring Hill, TN

 Thompsons Station, TN

 ## READ OUR REVIEWS

 BRANDON SMITH

 Coach Clay & Coach Justin are great! The culture around the gym is awesome, and the facilities at the gym are clean and top notch. Really enjoyed my time here.

 ALAA ALLEN ELBANNA

 Very technical and hard working academy. Dropping in was a wonderful experience. I was treated like a regular member as soon as I walked in.

 LITA FLORES

 Triangle Jiujitsu is a great place to train at. My Son trained there for a little bit during a transition in school and they very welcoming. They helped him get ready for kids pans. They push the kids to be the best they can and still have fun doing it. If your in the Franklin area and looking for a place to train I highly recommend Triangle.

 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE &
 START YOUR JOURNEY!

 ### Contact Us Full Name
 Phone Number
 Looking for Looking for Myself Looking for My Child Looking for Someone Else
 Service Requested

 Thank you for contacting us.
 We will get back to you as soon as possible.
 Oops, there was an error sending your message.
 Please try again later.

 COMPANY INFO

 ADDRESS: 251 2nd Avenue South, Franklin, Tennessee 37064, USA

 EMAIL: cmayfieldbjj@gmail.com

 PHONE: 615-870-4430

 PRIVACY POLICY

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS

 HOURS

 SUNDAY: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM

 MONDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 TUESDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 WEDNESDAY: 5 :45 AM - 9:00 PM

 THURSDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 FRIDAY: 5:45 AM - 9:00 PM

 SATURDAY: 9:00 AM - 2:00 PM

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Triangle Franklin

 Share by:
