---
source_url: https://www.esjjsouthbay.com
final_url: https://www.esjjsouthbay.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:14.071Z
---

### WELCOME TO EXCELLENCE SCHOOL OF JIU JITSU

 ## Learn from the Best!

 Welcome to the ESJJ family! This is the home of the head coach Eduardo Santoro, 5th degree Black Belt and a former BJJ World Champion.
 Alongside with his wife Syang, a 2nd degree Black Belt, Eduardo founded Excellence School of Jiu-jitsu, in order to teach his view of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. At ESJJ, Jiu-jitsu is not merely a martial art or self-defense system but it is a comprehensive system of personal development.
 Our classes are designed to inspire confidence, cultivate a positive mindset, and teach valuable life lessons. Regardless of age or gender, individuals, starting as young as 4 years old, can learn BJJ.
 Within our state-of-the-art facility, our globally recognized instructors tailor each class to cater to the unique needs of every participant.
 - Kids and Adults - Beginners and Advanced - Women’s Self-defense - Competition class - Group classes and Private lessons

 ## Adults Classes

 ESJJ adult Jiu-Jitsu classes at ESJJ provide a dynamic and supportive environment where adults of all ages and backgrounds can immerse themselves in the art of Jiu-Jitsu.
 Led by the World Champion Eduardo Santoro and other experienced instructors who are passionate about the sport, our Adult classes are divided in beginners, intermediate and advanced, building a solid foundation while encouraging personal growth and development.
 At ESJJ mats is where strategy meets the technique. With the exclusive ESJJ Methodology you will learn the best of Jiu-jitsu. Whether you’re a beginner eager to explore the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or a seasoned practitioner looking to refine your skills, our classes cater to all levels and aspirations.
 Take a free class and join the family!

 - Beginners - Intermediate - Advanced - Women’s Self-defense

 Sign up for a trial

 ## Kids Classes

 ### ESJJ kids’ Jiu-Jitsu classes are fun! At ESJJ, we believe that every child deserves the opportunity to build confidence, discipline, and physical fitness in a supportive and engaging environment.
 Led by coach Syang, a second degree Black Belt with more than 10 years of experience, o ur kids’ Jiu-Jitsu program is designed to introduce young practitioners to the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu while emphasizing fun, safety, and character development.

 Sign up for a trial

 ## What People are Saying

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 I can tell you that Eduardo Santoro is a dedicated and very knowledgeable teacher. I've trained with him for the past 18 years, and i guarantee that. He's on the higher level of BJJ, besides he is teaching in an excellent gym with a great team!
 Debora Quintas
 ESJJ Student

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 Eduardo is a great fighter and a great teacher. Very technical and with a great work ethic. I rarely meet people in jiu-jitsu with his dedication. World class fighter, winner of some of the biggest tournaments in the world.
 Andre Glodzinski
 ESJJ Student

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 Amazing facility taught by a great professor. A place with easy access and good parking; if you are looking for a place to learn Brazilian jiu-jitsu this is the right place.
 Pedro Munhoz
 UFC Fighter

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Rated 5 out of 5

 To say this studio is amazing is an understatement. ESJJ is beyond any expectation I had for enrolling my son in Jiu Jitsu. They are so supportive and genuine and they take the time to connect with each family as you enroll. They are so professional and so patient as you develop your skills. I found myself looking forward to my sons classes each week as I loved being there too. Now, I am enrolled and practice Jiu Jitsu and self defense training! Couldn’t be happier. Absolutely LOVE ESJJ!
 Ashley Cato
 ESJJ Student

 ## Sign up for a free trial class!

 Book a free intro class with one of our Instructors! Send an email to info@esjjsouthbay.com and we will contact you shortly.
