---
source_url: http://10thplanethuntsville.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://10thplanethuntsville.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:01.227Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Huntsville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from 10th Planet Huntsville. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Yourself with Our Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Huntsville No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an amazing martial art and combat sport where practitioners train and spar without the traditional gi (kimono) that is worn in Gi Jiu Jitsu. Instead of the gi, participants wear athletic attire such as rash guards, compression shirts, shorts, or spats. It’s a great way to stay in shape, learn self-defense, and challenge yourself mentally and physically.
 We are proud to offer only No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu right here in Huntsville for adults looking to improve their fitness, self-defense skills, and mental toughness.
 If you’re interested in learning more about our Adult Jiu Jitsu program, simply fill out the form below today!
 Get more information now!

 ## Practical Self Defense and Fitness with No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner or have some experience with No-Gi Jiu Jitsu, our highly skilled, experienced, and professional instructors in Huntsville will effectively teach you the concepts of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a safe and supportive environment. Everyone can benefit from our No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, no matter your age, fitness level, or experience!
 The techniques of No-Gi Jiu Jitsu focus on using leverage and technique over brute strength without the need for a gi, making it an extremely effective form of practical self-defense for everyone. Since most people aren't always wearing coats, No-Gi Jiu Jitsu focuses on having grips that are always available instead of relying on an assailant to be wearing a coat.
 ##### Some Key Differences between No-Gi Jiu Jitsu and Traditional Gi Jiu Jitsu: - Gi Jiu Jitsu: Involves using the gi for grips, which can be used to control an opponent, execute submissions, and set up sweeps. - No-Gi Jiu Jitsu: Since there is no gi, there are fewer grips available. Practitioners rely more on grips on the body, such as the wrists, ankles, and neck. Common grips in No-Gi are wrist control, underhooks, and collar ties (if there's no shirt collar, these are more of a clinch control).
 Additionally, No-Gi Jiu Jitsu is often considered a crucial component of MMA training, as most MMA fights are contested without a gi. The emphasis on scrambles, escapes, and submissions with body control is crucial for success in mixed martial arts. Our 10th Planet Huntsville team has the experience to guide you as you stack your skills through our No-Gi Jiu Jitsu and MMA programs!
 ## Elevate Your Fitness & Self-Defense Skills with 10th Planet Huntsville Today! Our Adult No-Gi Jiu Jitsu classes provide a safe and supportive environment where you can learn new techniques, challenge yourself mentally and physically, and get in a great full-body workout. Don’t miss out on this opportunity, join us for our No-Gi Jiu Jitsu classes today!
 Just fill out the form below to learn more.
 Get more information now!

 ## No Gi. All Day. Worldwide. Request information

 Great teachers, awesome atmosphere, very welcoming.

 I had my first class two days ago and had so much fun! I love it

 I learned so much, great teachers, fun, kick butt hard workout!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
