---
source_url: http://10thplanethuntsville.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://10thplanethuntsville.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:01.501Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu in Huntsville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from 10th Planet Huntsville. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Huntsville's Best Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu Classes! Here at 10th Planet Huntsville, we're proud to offer kids from Huntsville the opportunity to get high-quality No-Gi Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the mixed martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Our Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu Offer? Our Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at 10th Planet Huntsville isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child learns practical self defense skills, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new No-Gi Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Huntsville for Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Huntsville's Favorite Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Huntsville, Madison, and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at 10th Planet Huntsville and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about our Kids No-Gi Jiu Jitsu classes!
 Get more information now!

 ## No Gi. All Day. Worldwide. Request information

 Great teachers, awesome atmosphere, very welcoming.

 I had my first class two days ago and had so much fun! I love it

 I learned so much, great teachers, fun, kick butt hard workout!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
