---
source_url: http://10thplanethuntsville.com/classes/Muay-Thai-Kickboxing
final_url: https://10thplanethuntsville.com/classes/Muay-Thai-Kickboxing
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:02.111Z
---

# Muay Thai Kickboxing in Huntsville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from 10th Planet Huntsville. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Our Muay Thai Kickboxing Classes Are Bringing Dynamic Self-Defense & Fitness to Huntsville Challenge yourself today with the best blend of self-defense skills, total-body fitness training, and a dynamic mix of workouts that will keep you on your toes week after week.
 At 10th Planet Huntsville we're offering the best Muay Thai Kickboxing classes around - and we can't wait for you to get started!
 We're proud to train everyone here in Huntsville and all across Madison and surrounding areas. Fill out the short form below to learn more today!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Makes Our Muay Thai Kickboxing Classes Right For You? Known as the Art of Eight Limbs, Muay Thai is all about using every limb of your body in unison as you defend yourself against a threat. From lightning quick punches and elbow strikes to powerful kicks and body blows with your knees , this system can teach you how to generate leverage and power from any position.
 At 10th Planet Huntsville, we're proud to offer this dynamic system to people of all fitness levels.
 ##### Join us here in Huntsville today and take on: - Improved situational awareness - Incredible reaction times to a threat - Powerful strikes from any position - Defensive strategies to keep you safe in any situation
 #### And Yeah, We'll Help You Enjoy Total-Body Results In No Time Like we said, this system is all about generating power and speed with every limb of your body. And that means challenging those muscle groups with dynamic exercises that can produce practical strength and athleticism in no time.
 Our Muay Thai Kickboxing classes here at 10th Planet Huntsville offer people of all backgrounds and fitness levels the chance to take on high-energy workouts that can keep your heart racing and your muscles guessing.
 ##### We're helping men and women across Huntsville and Madison enjoy: - Functional strength and muscle toning - Sustainable fat burning strategies - Well-rounded athleticism - Boosted heart health and endurance
 #### Try Out Our Muay Thai Kickboxing Classes Here In Huntsville Today! If you're ready to change the way you train and have a blast in the process, we have the answer for you here. Our Muay Thai Kickboxing classes here at 10th Planet Huntsville are setting men and women all across Huntsville and beyond up for success.
 Fill out the short form below to learn more today!
 Get more information now!

 ## No Gi. All Day. Worldwide. Request information

 Great teachers, awesome atmosphere, very welcoming.

 I had my first class two days ago and had so much fun! I love it

 I learned so much, great teachers, fun, kick butt hard workout!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
