---
source_url: http://www.tftcacademy.com
final_url: https://www.tftcacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:30.801Z
---

- ProgramsAdult Jiu JitsuKids Jiu JitsuKickboxing - About Us - Services - Contact - Schedule

 Book Now

 # TFTC Academy Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 At TFTC Academy, we are more than just a Jiu-Jitsu school; we are a thriving community dedicated to the pursuit of mastery and personal growth. Nestled in the heart of Clayton, NC, TFTC Academy stands as a beacon for individuals seeking not only to refine their martial arts skills but also to embark on a transformative journey of mind, body, and spirit.

 Request more information

 # ABOUT US

 ## TFTC Academy: Elevating Martial Arts Excellence

 Welcome to TFTC Academy, where the pursuit of martial arts mastery meets community and inclusivity. Located in Clayton, our academy serves as a hub for individuals in Clayton, Smithfield, Garner, and the 4042 area seeking a transformative journey through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, and MMA. Our expert instructors, including Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black belts, Judo Black belts, Golden Glove boxers, World Champion Kickboxers, Olympic and College level Wrestlers, and Professional MMA fighters, bring unparalleled expertise to every class. Beyond technique, we foster an environment that promotes discipline, confidence, and camaraderie. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned practitioner, TFTC Academy is more than a training ground – it's a community dedicated to shaping individuals into confident, resilient, and skilled martial artists. Join us on this empowering journey where passion meets purpose, and excellence is not just a goal but a way of life.

 Request more information

 # Our Jiu-Jitsu Services

 Training programs designed to enhance your Jiu-Jitsu skills.

 ### TFTC Academy Beginner Jiu-Jitsu: Start Your Journey

 Embark on your martial arts journey with TFTC Academy's Beginner Jiu-Jitsu program. Ideal for newcomers in Clayton and the surrounding areas, these classes provide a foundational introduction to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Guided by expert instructors, you'll learn essential techniques and build a solid understanding of the art. Join us on the mats to begin your exciting path in martial arts with Beginner Jiu-Jitsu at TFTC Academy.

 Read More

 ### TFTC Academy Advanced Jiu-Jitsu: Mastery Unleashed

 Experience the pinnacle of martial arts with our Advanced Jiu-Jitsu program at TFTC Academy. Tailored for adept practitioners in Clayton and beyond, these classes, led by experienced Black belts, focus on intricate techniques and refined strategies. Elevate your skills and join us on the journey of continuous mastery.

 Read More

 ### TFTC Academy Kickboxing: Ignite Your Fitness Journey

 Experience the adrenaline and power of kickboxing at TFTC Academy. Our program, open to all fitness levels in Clayton and surrounding areas, is designed to deliver a dynamic full-body workout. Led by expert instructors, our kickboxing classes fuse effective techniques with high-energy sessions, creating an inclusive environment where enthusiasts can unleash their strength. Join us for an invigorating Kickboxing experience at TFTC Academy, where every punch and kick propels you towards a fitter and more empowered version of yourself.

 Read More

 ### TFTC Academy Kids Program: Shaping Confident Leaders

 Discover the transformative power of our Kids Program at TFTC Academy. Designed for children in Clayton and the surrounding areas, our dynamic classes emphasize Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a fun and effective way to instill confidence, discipline, and teamwork. Led by expert instructors, our program provides a nurturing space where kids thrive both physically and mentally. Join us as we cultivate the next generation of confident and empowered martial artists in a supportive and engaging environment.

 Read More

 ## See What Our Customer Say About Us

 Request more information

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Answers To Commonly Questions

 #### Do I need any prior experience to join?

 No prior experience is required to embark on your Jiu-Jitsu journey at TFTC Academy. We believe in the transformative power of martial arts for individuals of all levels, from absolute beginners to seasoned practitioners. Our welcoming and inclusive environment ensures that everyone, regardless of their background or fitness level, can experience the numerous physical and mental benefits of Jiu-Jitsu. Our expert instructors tailor classes to accommodate varying experience levels, focusing on fundamental techniques for beginners and providing opportunities for growth as you advance. Join us at TFTC Academy, where the journey begins anew for each individual, fostering a sense of community, empowerment, and lifelong learning.

 #### What should I wear to Jiu-Jitsu classes?

 To attend Jiu-Jitsu classes at TFTC Academy, it's ideal to wear a comfortable and well-fitting Jiu-Jitsu gi, comprising a jacket, pants, and a securely tied belt that denotes your rank. Ensure your gi is clean and in good condition for each session. Practitioners typically go barefoot, and maintaining good personal hygiene is essential for a positive training environment. Some may opt for a rash guard for added comfort. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or a beginner, adhering to these guidelines ensures a safe, respectful, and enjoyable experience on the mats at TFTC Academy.

 #### How often should I attend classes to progress?

 To make meaningful progress in Jiu-Jitsu, consistency is key. Attending classes at TFTC Academy regularly, ideally two to three times per week, provides a balanced approach for skill development and physical conditioning. Consistent attendance not only reinforces techniques and strategies but also helps build muscle memory and improves overall fitness. Additionally, participating in open mat sessions or supplemental training activities can further enhance your progress. Remember that progress in Jiu-Jitsu is a journey, and by maintaining a consistent and dedicated training schedule, you'll steadily advance your skills, understanding, and overall proficiency in this dynamic martial art.

 #### Is Jiu-Jitsu suitable for all ages?

 Jiu-Jitsu is a remarkably inclusive martial art, making it suitable for individuals of all ages. At TFTC Academy, our classes are thoughtfully structured to accommodate practitioners from children to adults. For youngsters, Jiu-Jitsu instills discipline, builds confidence, and promotes a healthy lifestyle in a playful and engaging manner. Adults, regardless of age or fitness level, find Jiu-Jitsu to be a rewarding practice that enhances physical fitness, mental acuity, and self-defense skills. The art's adaptability ensures that each student, regardless of age, can embark on a fulfilling journey of personal development, camaraderie, and lifelong learning through Jiu-Jitsu at TFTC Academy.

 #### Do you offer competitions or belt promotions?

 At TFTC Academy, we enthusiastically embrace the spirit of competition and the traditional system of belt promotions. Regularly organizing and participating in Jiu-Jitsu competitions allows our students to test their skills, build resilience, and foster a sense of community. Our skilled instructors are dedicated to guiding each student through their Jiu-Jitsu journey, providing the training and mentorship needed to progress through the ranks and achieve well-deserved belt promotions. These events not only celebrate individual accomplishments but also strengthen the bonds of our martial arts community, creating an environment where growth, achievement, and camaraderie thrive. Whether you're aiming for victory in competition or advancing to the next belt level, TFTC Academy is committed to supporting your goals and celebrating your successes.

 #### Are there any fitness requirements for Jiu-Jitsu training?

 Jiu-Jitsu at TFTC Academy is designed to be inclusive, with no stringent fitness requirements for entry. Whether you're a seasoned athlete or a newcomer to fitness, our classes cater to individuals of all fitness levels. As you progress, you'll naturally enhance your physical conditioning, strength, and flexibility through the dynamic movements inherent in Jiu-Jitsu. Our expert instructors understand the varied starting points of our students and provide guidance that aligns with individual capabilities, fostering a supportive environment where everyone can thrive. The beauty of Jiu-Jitsu lies in its adaptability, making it a perfect avenue for improving fitness, regardless of your initial level of athleticism.

 Request more information

 ##### Contact Us

 daniel@tftcacademy.com

 (919) 320-6694

 97 Anna Place, Ste 101, Clayton, NC 27520

 ## @ Copyright 2023 - ClickCrafters Digital Marketing | Privacy Policy All rights reserved
