---
source_url: http://www.copajiujitsu.com
final_url: http://copajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:19.906Z
---

# copajiujitsu.com ## Carlson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in Niles, Michigan
 Search for:

 ## ** New Kickboxing/Striking Class ** Date: March 19, 2026 Author: admin Category: Uncategorized
 Friday:
 5:00-5:45pm – Striking /Kickboxing
 5:45-6:30pm Jiu Jitsu Open Mat (for Copa Students only)

 ## We are having a Seminar with the legendary Carlson Gracie Jr. at Copa Jiu Jitsu Niles on Wednesday August 13th, 2025 from 6-8pm!!! August 13th is also Carlson Gracie Sr.’s Birthday so we will honor the man who founded our team as well! Date: July 25, 2025 Author: admin Category: Uncategorized
 On Wednesday, August 13th 2025 from 6-8pm we will be hosting the Legenday Carlson Gracie Jr. at Copa Jiu Jitsu Niles.
 This will be a Gi seminar at Copa Jiu Jitsu Niles Academy! Carlson Gracie Jr. is the only son of the late great Carlson Gracie Sr and is the head of the Carlson Gracie Federation headquartered in Chicago. Come and learn from the source!! Our head instructor (Mark “Mack the Knife” Daley is a 4th Degree Black Belt under Carlson Gracie Jr and has received all of his rank from Blue Belt to 4th Degree Black Belt from Carlson Jr and/or Carlson Sr.! Copa Jiu Jitsu Niles started 4 years ago and has grown to one of the largest academies in the area. We will also be celebrating the birthday of Carlson Gracie Sr who was born on August 13th, 1932 and passed away on February 1st, 2006
 The cost of the seminar is $60
 2601 N 5th St Niles Michigan
 6-8pm Wednesday August 13th 2024
 mark.daley@sbcglobal.net
 312-403-3628

 Sign up below:
 https://www.paypal.com/ncp/payment/VY56NUHF53AK8

 ## **Kids Class Update** Date: October 22, 2024 Author: admin Category: Uncategorized
 Great News!!! After multiple requests, we have decided to open up our kids program to new students starting on January 2nd, 2025. Our kids program will be open to kids 6-13 years old. The schedule remains the same:
 Tuesday – 5:15-6pm Kids Gi Jiu Jitsu
 Thursday – 5:15-6pm Kids No Gi jiu Jitsu
 Saturday 10:15-11am Kids Gi Jiu Jitsu
 Pricing for unlimited training:
 1 Child – $99/mo
 2 Children – $150/mo
 3 Children- $200/mo

 ## Judo Seminar with RJ Cohen!!! June 27th 6-8pm! Date: June 14, 2023 Author: admin Category: Uncategorized
 My old friend and my Judo coach RJ Cohen will be doing a seminar at Copa Jiu Jitsu Niles on Tuesday June 27th, 2023 from 6-8pm.
 RJ is the son of Olympian Irwin Cohen and was an Olympic Alternate. He is the best Judo coach I have ever trained with. The seminar is $30 and is open to all students regardless of experience. RJ and I are discussing the possibility of making Copa Jiu Jitsu an affiliate of Cohen Brothers Judo which is headquartered in the Chicago area.

 ## *** Copa Jiu Jitsu Niles is relocating!!! *** Date: February 26, 2023 Author: admin Category: Uncategorized
 We are moving our academy on Feb 28th, 2023 to 2601 N 5th St Niles Michigan. We are in front of Apex Storage, across the street from the Fire Station. We have outgrown the old place and have twice the mat space! We will have the same schedule, website, phone etc…just a new address. Our last class in the old location will be tomorrow (Monday) from 6-7:30pm. Tuesday classes will be:
 5:15-6pm Kids Gi Jiu Jitsu
 6-7:30pm Adult Gi Jiu Jitsu
 7:30-8:30pm Krav Maga

 ## Family Membership Special!!!! The entire Family can train for $250/mo!!! Date: August 16, 2022 Author: admin Category: Uncategorized
 Copa Jiu Jitsu Niles is having a Family Membership Special. For a limited time, the entire (immediate family) can train for $250/mo (a $400/mo value). This is a great way for the whole family to spend time together, get in shape, learn self defense and have a great bonding experience!! Come in and try a free class and check us out! This price includes 2 adults and 2 children.

 ### Like Us On Facebook

 Copyright © 2014 All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress 4.0
 Theme Design by : Pixel Theme Studio
