---
source_url: http://www.10plombard.com
final_url: https://www.10plombard.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.875Z
---

# TENTH PLANET
 JOIN OUR TEAM

 ## WE’RE A HIGH QUALITY JIU JITSU GYM DEDICATED TO AFFORDABLE SELF DEFENSE & HEALTH AND WELLNESS
 We are committed to sharing not only the culture of 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu, but also that of martial arts as an entirety. We are also dedicated in empowering and developing a community of individuals to the betterment and advancement of each student in the highest quality of nogi Jiu Jitsu.

 ## 10P LOMBARD
 1060 N DuPage Ave,
 Lombard, IL 60148

 VIEW SCHEDULE

 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE CLASS TODAY!

 FREE CLASS

 Hands down the best Jiu Jitsu school I’ve trained at in Illinois. World class instruction and great people, whether you’re looking to compete, learn to defend yourself, or get into shape this is the place to be.

 Manny Vazquez

 JOIN OUR TEAM

 ##### HEAD INSTRUCTOR
 Omar Ocasio is a distinguished practitioner of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, who holds the esteemed rank of black belt under Master Eddie Bravo, the founder of 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu. Having started his journey in 2007, he initially trained under the tutelage of Tommy Wales, a black belt instructor affiliated with American Top Team. In pursuit of excellence, Omar relocated to the 10th Planet HQ in Los Angeles to further refine his skills and expand his knowledge of the art. While in Los Angeles, he honed his expertise by teaching both fundamental and advanced classes at HQ all while actively competing in numerous tournaments. Through his unwavering dedication and hard work, Omar earned the rank of 1st degree black belt. Currently, he is the proud owner and head instructor at 10th Planet Lombard and Naperville, and also serves as the owner and head of operations at Midwest Finishers, a prestigious competition that showcases some of the best jiu-jitsu talents in the Midwest region.

 Comfortable, form-fitting athletic clothing such as a t-shirt and shorts or a rashguard and spats is recommended for BJJ training. It is also recommended to wear a gi (uniform) for some BJJ classes, which can usually be purchased at the academy.

 ### What should I wear to class?

 A typical BJJ class begins with a warm-up, followed by techniques and drills. The class may also include live sparring, where students have the opportunity to practice techniques against a partner. Classes typically last 1-2 hours and are taught by experienced instructors.

 ### What is a typical class like?

 No, prior experience is not necessary to start training in BJJ. Most BJJ academies offer beginner classes that are specifically designed for people with no previous experience.

 ### Do I need any prior experience to start training?

 ## FAQ

 ## Our Products. ## Just for You.
 Stay ahead of the game with our curated selection of Nogi fight wear and apparel that seamlessly transitions from your workouts to your everyday life. Embrace comfort, style, and versatility with our range of products designed to make you feel and look good, whether you're on or off the mats.

 SHOP 10P

 ## FIGHTWEAR
 High-performance nogi fightwear to protect you and have you looking good on the mats.

 ## STREETWEAR
 Represent off the mats.

 ## START YOUR JOURNEY TODAY
 JOIN OUR TEAM
