---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetorangecounty.com/
final_url: https://ocnogijiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:24.016Z
---

- HOME - ABOUTABOUT USINSTRUCTORS - SCHEDULE - OG NOGI STORE - MEMBERSHIPSFULLERTONORANGE - CONTACT US

 # 10th PLANET ORANGE & FULLERTON

 ## Join Orange & Fullertons Most Respected Jiu-Jitsu Academy and Build Real Confidence On and Off the Mats

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 Click Here to Book at Orange

 ## Limited Time Offer: Claim Your FREE Intro Class and Discover Why Hundreds of Teens and Adults Trust 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu!

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 Click Here to Book at Fullerton

 ## Limited Time Offer: Claim Your FREE Intro Class and Discover Why Hundreds of Teens and Adults Trust 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu!

 ## Welcome to 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu Orange & Fullerton

 ## Our academy (formerly 10th Planet Orange County) is home to students from all walks of life aspiring to achieve their personal training goals. Whether you want to achieve your physical fitness goals, learn some self-defense, or aspire to be the next BJJ World champion, we are here to help you reach those goals. The academy’s classes are conducted in a safe and supportive environment. All classes are taught by either a Brown or Black Belt instructor.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 Click Here to Book at Orange

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 Click Here to Book at Fullerton

 ## JIU-JITSU CLASSES ## 6 DAYS PER WEEK

 ## 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu is a non-traditional system of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu developed by Eddie Bravo. After earning a black belt under Jean-Jacques Machado, Eddie Bravo focused his Jiu-Jitsu on training without the gi, partially because of the applications to mixed martial arts. The main premise behind the 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu system is that the art should keep evolving.

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## ADULT JIU-JITSU

 ## Our adult classes are all level: from white belts to black belts. New students will find experienced teammates ready to guide them, ensuring a smooth and supportive introduction to Jiu-Jitsu. ## For competitors, our instruction stays at the cutting edge of the sport, providing the latest techniques and a room full of dedicated training partners to push you and help you reach your goals. ## Each class includes technical instruction, drilling, specific training, and live sparring. 10th Planet Fullerton and Orange is your place to train, evolve, and thrive.

 ## KIDS JIU-JITSU

 ## Our Kids & Youth Program offers a structured, safe, and supportive learning environment where children can develop both technical skill and character through Jiu-Jitsu. Classes are high-energy and fast-paced to keep students engaged, ensuring they stay focused, build confidence, and most importantly, have fun. ## ## We offer two age divisions: ## ## Little Kids (Ages 5-8) ## Focuses on foundational movements, coordination, and playful learning. ## ## Kids/Teens (Ages 8-13) ## A deeper dive into techniques, strategy, and controlled live training.

 ## The 4 Pillars of 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu

 At 10th Planet Jiu-Jitsu Fullerton+Orange, our culture is built on four foundational pillars that define who we are and how we train. Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art—it’s a discipline that shapes character, builds resilience, and fosters growth in every practitioner. These pillars provide a structure for achievement and advancement in our students.
 # # 1. Community – Lift Each Other Up Jiu-Jitsu is an individual journey, but progress is fostered through the people around us. We train in an environment of support, respect, and accountability. We believe in lifting each other up—on and off the mats—helping teammates refine their skills, build confidence, and overcome obstacles. We will all face challenges on and off the mats and our coaches and teammates will be there to lift us up in those times. From beginners to advanced practitioners, we contribute to the collective strength of our gym, knowing that when one of us improves, we all rise.
 # # 2. Self-Mastery – Sharpen the Mind, Strengthen the Body, Elevate the Spirit Jiu-Jitsu is a constant refinement of body, mind, and spirit. Every roll is a lesson in patience, adaptability, and problem-solving. The process of learning, failing, and adjusting creates the skills of discipline, resilience, and clarity under pressure. Mastering Jiu-Jitsu is not about arriving at a final destination but about committing to an ongoing journey. We train with intention, knowing that through this practice, we are forging stronger, more composed, and more capable versions of ourselves.
 # # 3. Self-Defense – Newfound Confidence Through Training The foundation of Jiu-Jitsu lies in the ability to neutralize threats. Through consistent training in positional control, escapes, and submissions, students develop real-world readiness and the ability to handle adversity with composure. This newfound confidence isn’t just about physical altercations—it reshapes how we carry ourselves, how we approach challenges, and how we move through life with assurance and self-reliance.
 # # 4. Competition – Effective & Professional # Whether you are a novice or an advanced practitioner, competition provides the proving ground to measure the effectiveness of your daily practice in a high-pressure setting. It tests your ability to apply techniques under resistance, refine strategy, and adapt in real-time. But the greatest lesson from competition isn’t just about winning or losing—it’s about learning how to operate with effectiveness and professionalism. The process of preparing, performing, and evaluating our performance teaches us to approach training with greater discipline, attention to detail, and an unwavering commitment to growth, precision, and execution.

 TRY A FREE CLASS TODAY

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 TRY A FREE CLASS TODAY

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 ## Real Student Testimonials

 #

 # Omar Santisteban

 "First off, the coaches Mike John and Jon Cho are a couple of master class martial artists. The attention to detail with the years of training is expressed through their teachings.
 Classes are always filled with students who will guide any beginner and also give a good roll to those who have years of experience. I highly recommend coming in and checking out for yourself!"

 # Michael Hartson

 "One of the gyms that I wish was near my home! Jon is an incredible coach and teacher from beginners to advanced - he breaks down the moves very efficiently and walks around the mat to make sure the students are learning from their mistakes.
 The members were very pleasant to roll with and drill with - some gyms don't typically have that for outsiders."

 # Ashley Vierra

 "Love 10th planet Orange! My brother convinced me to come to my first jiu Jitsu class a year and a half ago and I’ve been coming consistently ever since. The instructors are great and the sense of community & team is what I love the most about it. It can be intimidating to start a new venture as an adult but everyone here is super friendly and everyone is there to learn and get better. I love that they offer the 6am class M-F cause it allows me to train before work! Come check it out"

 ## VIEW MEMBERSHIP PLANS

 ## adult jiu-jtisu

 $94.99

 - Every 2 Weeks - 1 Year Commitment - Both Locations - Unlimited Training

 No contracts - cancel anytime

 ## kids jiu-jtisu

 $79.99

 - Every 2 Weeks - 1 Year Commitment - Both Locations - Unlimited Training

 No contracts - cancel anytime

 ## VIEW MEMBERSHIP PLANS IN ORANGE

 GET OUR MEMBERSHIP PLANSREGISTER YOURSELF TODAY AT ORANGE

 ## VIEW MEMBERSHIP PLANS IN FULLERTON

 GET OUR MEMBERSHIP PLANSREGISTER YOURSELF TODAY AT FULLERTON

 ## FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

 #### WHAT SHOULD I WEAR?

 Shorts (no zipper/pockets)Tops; any rash guard or compression/dry fit shirt.

 #### WHAT SHOULD I EXPECT?

 Jiu-Jitsu is very rewarding, you should expect to get tired, sweaty all while having a great time and learning to defend yourself.

 #### WHAT SHOULD I BRING TO CLASS?

 Water, and a change of clothes. Shoes, slippers, or sandals you can easily slip on and off when entering or exiting the mats. Please, cut your nails (helps prevent injury and infections), change of clothes after training, and have a great attitude.

 PHONE

 Orange: 714-477-4553

 Fullerton: 714-477-4553

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 [email protected]

 ADDRESS

 Orange: 1832 N Tustin St, Orange, CA 92865

 Fullerton: 601 S Euclid St, Fullerton, CA 92832

 ## Copyright 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Orange & Fullerton 2026. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
