---
source_url: http://lotusclubfightandfitness.com/classes
final_url: https://lotusclubfightandfitness.com/classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:31.781Z
---

# Programs
 # Programs

 #### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. It emphasizes the use of leverage and technique rather than brute strength, making it an effective self-defense system for people of all ages and sizes. BJJ training offers numerous benefits, including improved physical fitness, increased flexibility, and enhanced mental clarity. It also provides a great opportunity to build discipline, perseverance, and self-confidence. At our BJJ academy, we have experienced coaches who are dedicated to helping you develop your skills in a safe and supportive environment. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced practitioner, we offer classes that cater to all levels of skill and experience. Our classes are designed to provide a challenging and engaging workout that will help you improve your technique, build strength and endurance, and achieve your fitness goals. We also emphasize the importance of sportsmanship and respect, creating a positive and friendly atmosphere that fosters personal growth and development. Join our BJJ community today and discover the many benefits of this exciting and rewarding martial art!

 #### Home school Kids Our homeschooled daytime martial arts program is designed to offer your kids a unique opportunity to learn self-defense, kickboxing, and strength and conditioning while being homeschooled. Our program provides a safe and controlled environment where kids can learn the fundamentals of martial arts, develop physical and mental strength, and improve their coordination and speed. Our experienced coaches offer individualized guidance and support that can help your children reach their full potential. Our program is not only fun and challenging, but it also helps kids build self-confidence and character both on and off the mat. Join us today and let your kids experience the benefits of our daytime martial arts program!

 #### Kickboxing Kickboxing is a dynamic and high-energy martial art that combines elements of boxing, karate, and Muay Thai. It involves a series of punches, kicks, and knee and elbow strikes, making it a full-body workout that can burn up to 800 calories per hour. But kickboxing is more than just a great workout. It also offers numerous benefits for both physical and mental health. It can help improve cardiovascular health, increase flexibility, and build strength and endurance. Kickboxing can also boost self-confidence, reduce stress and anxiety, and improve overall mood. At our kickboxing gym, we have experienced coaches who are dedicated to helping you achieve your fitness goals, whether you are a beginner or an experienced practitioner. Our classes are designed to provide a challenging and engaging workout that will help you improve your technique, build strength and endurance, and achieve your fitness goals. We also emphasize the importance of sportsmanship and respect, creating a positive and friendly atmosphere that fosters personal growth and development.

 #### Youth Wrestling Youth wrestling is a great way for kids to develop physical and mental strength, discipline, and teamwork skills. It teaches them how to improve their strength, speed, and coordination while also learning how to strategize and compete in a safe and controlled environment. Whether they are just starting or have been wrestling for years, youth wrestlers can benefit from the guidance and support of experienced coaches who can help them reach their full potential. With a focus on sportsmanship and respect, youth wrestling is a fun and challenging activity that can help kids build confidence and character both on and off the mat.

 #### Private Training Our staff of highly qualified trainers provide one on one or small group training programs developed for your personal needs to help you reach your fitness goals in a safe, fun and efficient way.

 We also provide one on one or small group training sessions for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, Boxing and Muay Thai. Private lessons are a great way to gain a competitive edge or to be able to fit in a training session into a busy schedule.

 View Class Schedule
