---
source_url: http://lotusclubfightandfitness.com
final_url: https://lotusclubfightandfitness.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:32.229Z
---

# Home
 # Fight / Fitness

 Lotus Club is a Fitness & Jiu-Jitsu Studio serving clients in the West Valley.

 View Our Classes

 Get Started

 ## Welcome to Lotus Club Fight & Fitness

 We’re the West Valley’s Top Ranked Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy. We offer BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU, Kickboxing, and Fitness Classes designed to benefit anyone at any level.

 - FriendlY Instructors - Challenging Workouts - Incredible Results

 ### Lotus Club Fight & Fitness has produced over

 World Champions
 0

 Pan American Champions
 0

 National Champions
 0

 State Champions
 0

 ### And counting

 ## Jiu-Jitsu

 #### Kids and Adult Classes

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. It emphasizes the use of leverage and technique rather than brute strength, making it an effective self-defense system for people of all ages and sizes…

 Learn More

 ## KickBoxing

 #### Kids and Adult Classes

 Kickboxing is a dynamic and high-energy martial art that combines elements of boxing, karate, and Muay Thai. It involves a series of punches, kicks, and knee and elbow strikes, making it a full-body workout that can burn up to 800 calories per hour…

 Learn More

 ## HOME SCHOOL KIDS​

 Our homeschooled daytime martial arts program is designed to offer your kids a unique opportunity to learn self-defense, kickboxing, and strength and conditioning while being homeschooled…

 Learn More

 ## Youth Wrestling

 Youth wrestling is a great way for kids to develop physical and mental strength, discipline, and teamwork skills. It teaches them how to improve their strength, speed, and coordination while also learning how to strategize and compete in a safe and controlled environment…

 Learn More

 View All Classes

 View Class Schedule

 ### “The more I train the luckier I get” - RENZO GRACIE

 ## Meet the Instructors

 ### Sean Downie Owner/Head Instructor

 See All The Instructors

 ## What our members say

 Lotus Club has been a great investment for our family. The classes are well organized, and the staff truly cares about the success of their members. We are very satisfied with the competitive training and the family atmosphere. If you have ever thought of trying jujitsu, you should come down and try out Lotus Club Fight and Fitness. They have something for all ability levels and ages.

 Crystal Johnson Telep

 Lotus Club has been amazing. We had a trial class for both of our boys(4 and 5) about 2 months ago and they have gone twice a week since then. They love it and have learned so much in such a short time already. Sean is unbelievably great with the kids and even if my boys are having a rough day he knows how to turn it into a learning experience and get them to participate and leave with a smile on their face. I’m excited for what’s yet to come in their progress and highly recommend that you come try it out too.

 Tabitha Anderson

 Great family atmosphere as soon as you walk through the door! I was immediately greeted by the owner and head instructor, Sean Downie! It’s an awesome environment if you are a seasoned competitor or a hobbyist, they can cater to your goals whatever they may be! I highly recommend anyone in the area to change your life and start by training in this beautiful art! You won’t regret it!

 Gerson Taitingfong Atoigue

 Sean and Logan have created a school where any of the aforementioned (fighters, traditional martial artists, wrestlers, etc.) could measure significant improvement in their skill sets by training at Lotus Club. These men don't spew esoteric fighting hypotheses like many "masters".. They prove it though example in competition- theirs and their students. Lotus club is a supportive, ego-less environment where a newbee to the arts can feel confident they will get the basics they need for personal safety, advancement in the arts and future competition, if so desired. I know where I'll be getting MY next black belt!

 Matticus Spencer
