---
source_url: http://toledojiujitsu.com/classes/kids-bjj
final_url: https://toledojiujitsu.com/classes/kids-bjj/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:59.093Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Available!

 ## Sharpen Your Kid's Body and Mind Through Kids BJJ! All classes are taught by a BJJ Black Belt!!!

 5 years old and over

 This class teaches all aspects of defending yourself - Stand Up and Grappling Self Defense!
 get a free week to try it.
 Class times
 Tuesday and Thursday from 6;15 to 7:00
 First week is FREE. NO uniform required.

 Cost after: the free week is only 40.00 per month - no contracts

 Family discounts

 We teach a mixture of grappling and stand up in a controlled safe way.

 Besides all the martial arts aspects, we will help your child with BULLYPROOF, self-discipline, fun games and SELF-DEFENSE.
 If they want to challenge themselves and meet other children who are focused and set goals, we are here to give you this awesome gift!

 Tuesday and Thursday from 6:15 to 7:00 and Saturday at 11:15
 . First week is FREE. NO uniform required.
 Secure Your First Class
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## Fun and Enjoyable Kids BJJ Classes With Essential Lessons! Benefits of this program:
 - Increase confidence - Improve coordination - Reinforcement of positive values (“Life Skills”) - Improve social skills - Become more focused - You are welcome to start at anytime!
 No testing fees to be promoted to your next Belt level!
 Secure Your First ClassBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## THE ULTIMATE BJJ SCHOOL FOR KIDS TO LEARN ABOUT SELF-DEFENSE AND DISCIPLINE! ####

 ## Program Instructors CHRIS BLANKE
 MARK LOWE
 Randy Patterson
