---
source_url: https://www.sdjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.sdjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.590Z
---

## SD JIU-JITSU ## NYC

 Welcome to SD Jiu Jitsu - Studio X established in 2023, we are a family owned and operated Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy located in Midtown West of New York City! We take pride in offering top notch world-class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction. Our academy is not just a place to learn Jiu-Jitsu; it's a family like community where, dedication, and friendship come together. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or stepping onto the mats for the very first time, our expert instructors are committed to guiding you on your journey every step of the way.

 ### CLASS SCHEDULE

 ### OUR TEAM

 Silvio Duran

 Mauricio Fernandes

 Vedha Toscano

 ## FAQs

 - Membership Prices Come in and try your first class completely free with us first to make sure we’re a good fit for you. The prices vary depending on how many days you would like to train/commit. - Does your school have showers? Yes! We have showers but please bring your towel. - Do you offer private lessons? Yes, our black belt professors Silvio, Mauricio and, Vedha offer privates. Private lessons are a great way to excel your game quickly, working techniques catered to your body and game. Please email jiujitsunyc@gmail.com or call to schedule your private with any of our world class black belt instructors. - Womens Program We offer a women’s led class every Wednesday at 7pm. We integrate this class with both genders because, we feel it is important to maintain a healthy and safe environment for both women and men to share the mats together. - Are you affiliated with Vitor Shaolin? We take pride in being the ONLY Vitor Shaolin affiliate in NYC!

 ### OUR AFFILIATES
