---
source_url: http://clarkgracie.com
final_url: https://www.clarkgracie.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:29.671Z
---

# Clark GracieJiu-Jitsu Academy A San Diego Jiu-Jitsu Academy that can Change Your Life
 Book a trial
 Scroll to Continue

 ## Gracie Allegiance Team HQ San Diego Welcome to Clark Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy—providing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in San Diego! Here, we believe that BJJ lessons are the missing piece in every person's life no matter their age, athletic experience, or personal background. But this art form goes beyond kicks and punches. Jiu Jitsu strengthens the mind and spirit as well as the body. At Gracie Allegiance Academy we will help you master your techniques AND teach you values of respect, perseverance, and confidence. We are committed to helping each and every student reach their fullest potential. Get started today in the best San Diego Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes!

 Explore
 ### Programs If you're looking to change your life, look no further. At Clark Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 Book a Trial

 Discover
 ### About Us The Clark Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy offers the best training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in San Diego CA USA for beginners, to pro Mixed Martial Artists, and Law Enforcement.

 Book a Trial

 Get Started
 ### Special Offers Here at Clark Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy, your success is our first priority. Whether it's a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we've got you covered!

 Book a Trial

 1 of 3

 ## Transform Your Life Through Jiu-Jitsu
 ### Discipline Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is built on self-discipline. Clark Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy will help you reach your goals, teach you to work hard, and share skills that will last you a lifetime.

 ### Self-Defense BJJ is one of the most effective forms of self-defense training, providing power to smaller individuals. We create a unique way to protect yourself without harming your opponent. Come see what all the hype is about!

 ### Family Our community is like no other here at Clark Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy. We aim to create a safe space for our San Diego martial arts students – where mistakes are welcomed, growth is guaranteed, and instructors are bound to become mentors.

 ### Confidence Between the distractions of social media and the demands of school and work, modern life can take a toll on one's self confidence. By taking care of your health – both physical and mental – you'll feel great about yourself!

 ### Strength At Clark Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit. Our full-body workouts will provide you with the endurance, muscle gain, and the speed you need to succeed.

 ### Lots of Fun! Don't get us wrong, mastering a martial art – especially Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu – is hard. But above everything else, it's fun!

 ## Image Gallery

 ## READY TO START YOUR JOURNEY? Whether you're ready to start training or just exploring your options, we'll help you find the right fit. Get in touch to check availability, arrange a visit, or ask any questions.

 (619) 220-4810 clarkgracieteam@gmail.com 1162 Morena Blvd, San Diego, CA 92110
