---
source_url: https://carolinaprimeperformance.com
final_url: https://carolinaprimeperformance.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:21.488Z
---

910-491-0407

 Open 24 hours for Active Members

 - About - Programs - Schedule - Pricing - Contact Us Today!

 # Welcome to North Carolina's Prime Performance Center

 ## Fayetteville's brand new 10,000 sq. ft. gym, a premier facility designed for athletes of all disciplines. Featuring dedicated coaching for MMA, Jiu Jitsu, and Powerlifting.

 free Trial

 CLICK HERE TO VIEW MEMBERSHIP OPTIONS

 Jiu Jitsu

 Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling, ground fighting, and submission techniques. It emphasizes technique, leverage, and strategy over brute strength, making it effective for people of all sizes.

 Strength & Conditioning

 Strength and conditioning refers to the training and preparation of athletes and individuals to improve their overall physical performance, strength, endurance, flexibility, and power. It combines various types of exercises, including weight training, aerobic conditioning, and mobility work, to enhance athletic capabilities, prevent injuries, and promote overall health.

 MMA

 Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is a high-energy, full-contact combat sport that combines techniques from various martial arts, including striking, grappling, and submissions. Our MMA classes are designed for adults of all skill levels, offering a comprehensive workout that enhances strength, endurance, and tactical fight skills. Whether you're training for competition or personal fitness, you'll learn from experienced instructors in a motivating and safe environment.

 Powerlifting

 Powerlifting is a strength-based sport where athletes compete in three main lifts: the squat, bench press, and deadlift.

 # Teen MMA & Jiu Jitsu

 Teen MMA & Jiu Jitsu classes available. These classes are designed to introduce children to the sport of MMA & Jiu Jitsu while also building confidence, social skills, and healthy fitness habits.

 ## REACH YOUR GOALS

 # Be a healthier, stronger you, in a truly empowering facility.

 Our programs will keep you motivated and inspired to keep coming back for more. Check out two of our most popular programs to see how we can help you reach your goals.

 COME FOR YOUR FREE INTRO MARTIAL ARTS CLASS.

 It is a great opportunity to get to know our instructors, program and the gym's atmosphere.

 OR START YOUR POWERLIFTING WITH US.

 You will have an entire staff of coaches available to help train you.

 Schedule a Visit

 Come check us out!

 Schedule a Visit

 QUESTIONS?

 CAROLINA PRIME PERFORMANCE
 5217 Raeford Road #105
 Fayetteville NC, 28304

 910-491-0407

 [email protected]

 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

 Copyright ©2023 All rights reserved

 Powered by Zen Planner
