---
source_url: https://graciebarrabocaraton.co/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://graciebarrabocaraton.co/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:01.290Z
---

- ClassesGet Started - Instructors - Testimonials - Contact - AboutPrivacy Policy

 FREE CLASS

 Get Started

 DISCOVER

 A MORE POWERFUL
 VERSION OF YOURSELF

 Free Training

 Call Now

 # JIU JITSU IS FOR EVERYONE

 ## Learn from World-Class Instructors and Experience the Authentic Tradition of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 START NOW

 CALL NOW

 # TRY A CLASS FOR FREE

 ## No Contracts or Obligations

 First Name

 Last Name

 Email *

 Phone *

 I agree to terms & conditions and privacy policy provided by the company. By providing my phone number, I agree to receive text messages at the phone number provided above. I understand data rates apply, reply STOP to opt out.

 ### CLAIM FREE CLASS!

 # WELCOME TO Gracie Barra Boca Raton

 IT'S MORE THAN JUST BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 ## Experience the power and discipline of Martial Arts at our Academy

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on ground fighting and submission holds. It is known for its effectiveness in self-defense and its ability to enable a smaller person to defend themselves against a larger opponent. At our academy, we offer expert instruction in the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, taught by skilled and experienced practitioners.

 Book a Free Class

 # OUR SCHEDULE & CLASSES

 Gracie Barra Lake Orion - Mobile Schedule MONDAY
 Adults + Teens
 (All Levels)

 6:00 AM

 Tiny Champs
 (3-4 yrs)

 4:45 PM

 LC2 + Juniors
 (7-13 yrs)

 5:30 PM

 Adults + Teens
 (All Levels)

 7:00 PM

 TUESDAY
 Adults + Teens
 (All Levels)

 12:00 PM

 LC1
 (5-6 yrs)

 4:45 PM

 LC2 + Juniors
 (7-13 yrs)

 5:30 PM

 GB1 Adults + Teens

 6:30 PM

 WEDNESDAY
 Adults + Teens
 (No-Gi)

 6:00 AM

 Tiny Champs
 (3-4 yrs)

 4:45 PM

 LC2 + Juniors
 (7-13 yrs)

 5:30 PM

 Adults + Teens
 (No-Gi)

 7:00 PM

 THURSDAY
 Adults + Teens
 (All Levels)

 12:00 PM

 LC1
 (5-6 yrs)

 4:45 PM

 LC2 + Juniors
 (7-13 yrs)

 5:30 PM

 GB1 Adults + Teens

 6:30 PM

 FRIDAY
 Adults + Teens
 (All Levels)

 6:00 AM

 Adults + Teens
 (No-Gi)

 7:00 PM

 SATURDAY
 GBK Kids All Levels

 9:00 AM

 GBF Women's Program

 10:00 AM

 Adults + Teens
 (All Levels)

 11:00 AM

 # Start Your Free Trial Today

 ## It has never been easier to try us out with no obligations or contracts #

 Join over 1000+ Gracie Barra schools worldwide, trusted for our world-class instruction and welcoming atmosphere. Achieve your personal best with our expert guidance

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for
 Kids & Teens

 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for kids and teens are designed to develop physical, mental, and emotional strength. Students will learn self-defense techniques while improving their focus, discipline, and fitness. Our safe and supportive environment helps young learners build confidence, improve coordination, and develop lifelong skills that can be applied both on and off the mat.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu For
 Adults

 Challenge yourself with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, where you will learn techniques that focus on leverage and control. Our classes offer the perfect opportunity for adults to improve fitness, flexibility, and mental sharpness. Whether you're a beginner or experienced, our expert instructors will guide you through every step, helping you gain the skills needed to excel in self-defense and competition.

 Self-Defense
 Training

 Learn practical self-defense techniques that can be applied in real-world situations. Our self-defense classes focus on teaching you how to stay safe and protect yourself using Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu principles. Whether you're a beginner or have prior experience, our expert instructors will guide you through effective techniques to improve your awareness, confidence, and readiness in any situation

 Talk With Instructor

 # Gracie Barra Boca Raton

 FAMILY FRIENDLY PROGRAMS

 At Gracie Barra, we believe Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can bring families closer together. Our academy welcomes students of all ages and skill levels, offering a family-friendly environment where parents and children can train side by side. Our skilled instructors create a safe, positive space that encourages bonding while building confidence, fitness, and lifelong skills. Whether you're a parent training with your child or siblings looking to grow together, Gracie Barra is the perfect place to begin your martial arts journey as a family.

 # Why Choose Us?

 - Building Confidence and Self-Esteem - Learn Respect and Discipline - Improve Physical Fitness and Conditioning
 - Enhance Self-Defense Skills - Develop Mental Focus and Resilience - Relieve Stress - Create Lasting Friendships

 Call Now

 Real Stories, Real Impact, Real Results

 Get Started

 Carlos Gracie Jr.

 My life is dedicated to Jiu-Jitsu. My goal was simply to build a brotherhood to lead the expansion of BJJ while respecting the essence of our art. My students are an extension of my family. I want each one of them to achieve their personal best while helping spread Jiu-Jitsu. We must do that honoring the traditions and efforts of those who came before us.
 "Jiu-Jitsu is for everyone, young and old, fit and not so fit. It is a martial art that can be practiced by people of all sizes and abilities."

 CALL NOW

 GETTING STARTED IS EASY..

 BOOK YOUR FREE INTRO-CLASS

 Schedule A Trial Class

 Try Your Free Introduction Class

 Gracie Barra Certified Instructor

 All Levels Welcome

 Call Now

 FREE TRIAL

 No Hidden Fees

 No Obligations

 Set Your Personal Goals

 Create Your Custom Fitness Routine

 Schedule Class

 BEGIN TRAINING

 Unlimited Classes

 World Class Jiu-Jitsu Instruction

 Build Self-Discipline

 Gain Relationships That Last

 Improve Your Physique

 Get Started

 GRACIE BARRA HISTORY & ORIGIN

 From its roots in Brazil to its global presence today, Gracie Barra has been at the forefront of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu's evolution. Our lineage represents not just a family tree, but a living philosophy of continuous improvement, respect, and empowerment through martial arts.

 ## Enzo Palacios Gracie Barra Boca Raton - Head Professor -

 Sergio Santos Da Costa is the proud owner of Gracie Barra Boynton Beach, Gracie Barra Coral Springs and Gracie Barra Boca Raton. Sergio is a third degree black in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and has dedicated over half of his life to Jiu-Jitsu. He began his training in Brazil 17 years ago and has along history teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu both abroad and in the United States. Under the influence of Grand Master Osvaldo Alves and the leadership at the Gracia Barra Headquarters, Professor Sergio learned and achieved a higher level of technique and teaching ability. He has taught classes and conducted training seminars at various Gracie Barra academies across the United States, Brazil and Europe. Professor Sergio has experience teaching kids, adults, law enforcement and high-level athletes. Professor Sergio is a successful international competitor with multiple championship medals. In 2012, he entered the global stage, and he won a bronze medal at the World Championship sponsored by the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (“IBJJF”)

 # Summer Camp Registration Now Open: Secure Your Spot!

 Save Your Spot
 Gracie Barra Summer Camp offers kids a fun-filled journey into Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, boosting confidence and social skills, while parents enjoy the peace of mind of a meaningful, engaging summer for their child. It's a win-win: your child explores and grows in a supportive environment, and the whole family benefits from the lasting memories created. Secure your spot for a summer of empowerment and fun!

 # Follow Us on Facebook

 Follow us

 # Consistently the Best!

 Testimonials

 People Love Us

 My 3 sons ages 4, 6, and 8 are loving this school. The instructors are clearly skilled and are great teachers. They know all the students by name and really push them to improve. Very pleased to be a part of this school!

 ## Brice Woolard

 I’ve been going to this gym for the last couple of weeks and I’m very impressed. Professor runs a very well organized class that makes you feel like you’re training smart and as safe as possible while learning and improving your skills. I would suggest this gym to anyone.

 Troy Miles

 If you’re looking for a great place to have your kids learn jujitsu this is the spot. Great Coaches and Professor is top notch. Professional, clean, and a friendly environment. Check it out.

 Josh Taylor

 Such a good atmosphere for learning! Professor and the assistant coachs are all amazing. Both myself and my children attend classes and I could not be happier with the school. Out of the martial art schools we looked into and did trial classes at, this school is by far the best choice

 Tina Collum

 Coaches are professional, friendly, and the instruction is excellent at conveying the concepts of Jiu Jitsu. The other students are very friendly and welcoming as well. This is a great place to get involved in martial arts, especially if you’re new to Jiu Jitsu.v

 Glen H

 What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. It emphasizes leverage, technique, and strategy to overcome opponents of various sizes and strengths.

 Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu suitable for beginners?

 Absolutely! Gracie Barra welcomes students of all skill levels, including beginners. Our classes are designed to cater to individuals with no prior experience in BJJ. Our instructors provide comprehensive instruction and support to help beginners learn and progress at their own pace.

 #### Do I need to be physically fit to start Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 No, you do not need to be in peak physical condition to begin training in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. BJJ itself is a great way to improve your fitness level. Our classes are structured to accommodate different fitness levels, and our instructors will help you gradually develop strength, endurance, and flexibility.

 #### Can children learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 Yes! Many Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academies offer specialized programs for children. BJJ can benefit children by teaching them discipline, self-confidence, respect, and practical self-defense skills in a safe and controlled environment.

 #### What are the benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for self-defense?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is highly effective for self-defense because it focuses on ground fighting, where many real-life altercations end up. BJJ techniques allow individuals to neutralize and control opponents without relying on size or strength, making it suitable for individuals of all ages and body types.

 #### Will I need any special equipment or gear to start Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 While it's common for BJJ academies to provide loaner or rental equipment for beginners, you will eventually need to invest in a few essential items. These typically include a BJJ gi (uniform), a mouthguard, and protective gear like knee pads or rash guards. Your academy can guide you on the specific requirements.

 #### How often should I train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 The frequency of training can vary depending on individual goals and availability. For beginners, it's recommended to start with a few classes per week to build a solid foundation. As you progress, you can gradually increase training frequency. Consistency is key, so aim for a balance that fits your schedule and allows for recovery.

 #### Are there belt rankings in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 Yes, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu utilizes a belt ranking system to signify a practitioner's progress and skill level. The traditional belt colors are white, blue, purple, brown, and black. Each belt requires a certain level of proficiency, time in training, and demonstration of technique and knowledge. Advancement in belt rank is typically determined through regular evaluations conducted by qualified instructors.

 ### No blogs found

 Call Now
 Get In Touch

 Email: [email protected]

 Address :
 1141 S Rogers Circle Suite 1

 Phone Number:
 +1 561-468-7880

 Location:
 1141 S Rogers Circle Suite 1

 Call : +1 561-468-7880

 Email: [email protected]

 Privacy Policy

 Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn Youtube TikTok

 ## All fees are charged for martial arts instructional services delivered through scheduled, instructor-led classes. Enrollment does not grant unrestricted entry, independent training rights, or general recreational use of the facility. Facility access is limited to registered class participation, and the primary purpose of all charges is instruction.
