---
source_url: https://sintoniajiujitsu.com/jiu-jitsu-intro
final_url: https://www.sintoniajiujitsu.com/jiu-jitsu-intro
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.144Z
---

Visiting? Drop In

 Visiting? Drop In

 ##### Your First Step Into Jiu Jitsu Starts Here
 # Adults
 Try For Free

 ### GI: FUNDAMENTALS & ALL LEVELS
 Fundamentals Program:

 Created to teach students the essential movements, positions, and core techniques of Jiu-Jitsu. Classes follow a structured sequence with drills and situational training.

 All Levels Program:

 Designed for students who have completed at least 30 sessions or more. This program introduces more advanced concepts, combinations, and strategies while also incorporating live sparring (“rolling”).

 ### NO GI
 The modern Jiu Jitsu without the Gi with techniques like leg locks, front headlock attacks, and takedowns. It’s designed for students with 30 or more sessions. Classes move at a faster pace and are very dynamic, with live sparring included.

 ### BJJ STRONG
 New approach to Jiu Jitsu training. This class focuses on movement and conditioning with dynamic exercises designed to improve mobility, coordination, and overall athletic ability. It is built for all students from beginners to advanced.

 ## Get Started Today
 Have questions about our classes? Fill out the form below, and we'll get back to you shortly.

 Font Awesome Icons First Name * Required field!
 Last Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field! Enter a valid email address!
 Phone Enter a 10 digit number to ensure you receive SMSs.
 Comments
 Invalid reCAPTCHA!

 Free Trial
 ##### Contact Info
 (646) 398-0384

 hello@sintoniajiujitsu.com

 303 East 43rd Street, NY, New York 10017, US

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
