---
source_url: https://sintoniajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.sintoniajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.543Z
---

Visiting? Drop In

 Visiting? Drop In

 # Sintonia Jiu Jitsu
 # NYC's first PREMIER JIU JITSU ACADEMY
 Free Trial

 ### WHY jiu jitsu
 ### Clearer Mind
 Train in a space where stress falls away and focus becomes natural. Build the kind of confidence that carries into your work, relationships, and everyday life.

 ### supportive Community
 Surround yourself with people who motivate you, support you, and make you want to keep showing up.

 ##### Strength With Purpose
 Feel your body getting stronger, more capable, and more energized with every session.

 Learn More

 ## ASPIRE TO GREATNESS
 Sintonia Jiu Jitsu is a place for personal growth, where New Yorkers come together to create an environment that inspires you to surpass your limits.

 We are fueled by an unwavering commitment to constant improvement, creating not only fighters, but strong, disciplined, and resilient individuals.

 Through Jiu Jitsu, we help individuals Aspire to Greatness and unlock their fullest potential.

 I am Jeferson Guaresi, a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu World Champion and Unity Jiu Jitsu Black Belt under Professor Murilo Santana.

 Unity Jiu Jitsu dominates the competitive BJJ scene, and Sintonia Jiu Jitsu brings that elite knowledge to Midtown East, Manhattan. Come train with us!

 Free Trial

 ## Programs
 Click on the programs below to learn more!

 ### Adult Your First Step Into Jiu Jitsu Starts Here

 Button

 ### SELF-DEFENSE Defend. React. Overcome.

 Button

 ### YOUTH Confidence. Discipline. Real-Life Skills.

 Button

 ## Schedule
 View our weekly schedule to find the best time that fits you.

 View Our Schedule Monday Fundamentals Gi 7:00 AM - 8:00 AM All Levels 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids Program 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Fundamentals Gi 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM All Levels 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM Fundamentals Gi 8:00 PM - 9:00 PM
 Tuesday Fundamentals Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids Program 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Grappling No Gi 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Fundamentals Gi 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM All Levels 8:00 PM - 9:00 PM
 Wednesday Fundamentals Gi 7:00 AM - 8:00 AM All Levels 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids Program 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Fundamentals Gi 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM BJJ Strong NY 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM Fundamentals Gi 8:00 PM - 9:00 PM
 Thursday Fundamentals Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Kids Program 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Grappling No Gi 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM Fundamentals Gi 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM All Levels 8:00 PM - 9:00 PM
 Friday Fundamentals Gi 7:00 AM - 8:00 AM Grappling No Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Fundamentals Gi 5:30 PM - 6:30 PM All Levels 6:45 PM - 7:45 PM Fundamentals Gi 8:00 PM - 9:00 PM
 Saturday Kids Program 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Grappling No Gi 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM Fundamentals Gi 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
 Sunday Womens Only 11:00 AM - 12:00 PM Open Mat 12:00 PM - 1:00 PM

 ## Get Started Today
 ##### 1. Book Your Free Trial / Free Intro
 First time training? Schedule a Free One-on-One Intro.
 Already have experience? Book a Free Trial Class.

 ##### 2. Meet Our Coaches
 Arrive 15 minutes early to meet your instructors, get a quick tour of the academy, and receive a loaner uniform for your first session.

 ##### 3. Become a Member
 After your session, our team will walk you through the membership options and help you choose the best plan to get started.

 Get Started

 ## UNITY BJJ AFFILIATION
 Unity Jiu Jitsu is New York’s leading Jiu Jitsu school founded by Murilo Santana. Since 2015, Unity has provided world-class instruction to adults and children.

 Murilo Santana, a legendary figure in the sport, is renowned for his success in competitions and his exceptional coaching. His guidance continues to produce world champions.

 Sintonia Jiu Jitsu brings this this world-class expertise to Midtown East.

 Become a Member

 ## Member Reviews
 Curious about training at Sintonia Jiu Jitsu? Hear from our members and see how Jiu Jitsu has transformed their lives both on and off the mat.

 ## Contact Us
 Have questions about our classes? Fill out the form below, and we’ll get back to you shortly.

 Font Awesome Icons First Name * Required field!
 Last Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field! Enter a valid email address!
 Phone Enter a 10 digit number to ensure you receive SMSs.
 Comments
 Invalid reCAPTCHA!

 Free Trial
 ##### Contact Info
 (646) 398-0384

 hello@sintoniajiujitsu.com

 303 East 43rd Street, NY, New York 10017, US

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
