---
source_url: http://www.bearhugmt.com
final_url: https://www.bearhugmt.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.939Z
---

BEAR HUG

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & Self-Defense

 Try A Free Class

 Bear Hug
 Jiu-Jitsu

 - Home - About Us - Contact Us - FAQ - Blog

 ## Our head instructor Anthony is retiring from Jiu-Jitsu and our last day open will be March 12, 2026. ## A huge thank you to the hundreds of students and families who trained with us over the years.

 # About Head Instructor

 # About Head Instructor

 Tony Butler is a lifelong martial artist who got his start with Judo up in Montana's Flathead Valley in the early 1970s.
 Since then he has traveled the world and trained in American boxing, wrestling, Karate, Tae-Kwon-Do, and for the last 20+ years Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 He has had the honor and opportunity to train with many of the top Jiu-Jitsu instructors in the world, such as Royce, Relson, Rodrigo Gracie, Bernardo Faria, Marcos Santos, Marcelo Garcia, and Dave Rosenmarkle.
 In 1992 he was one of two candidates from Montana to receive an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point. He graduated as an Infantry officer and distinguished himself on multiple deployments and combat tours around the world.
 He is a graduate of the US Army Ranger School and a recipient of the bronze star medal.
 He lives in Helena, Montana with his wife Tanya and his two sons Daniel and Andrey.

 # About Bear Hug

 Bear Hug is a premiere Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu school located at 685 Barney st. in Helena, Montana.

 Terms Of Use | Earnings Disclaimer | Privacy Policy

 Try A Free Class
