---
source_url: http://www.kogaionacademy.com/womens-bjj-arlington-va
final_url: https://www.kogaionacademy.com/womens-bjj-arlington-va
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:51.318Z
---

# Join the East Coast’s Premier Women’s Open mat Kogaion Academy is proud to host two weekly women’s BJJ open mats in Arlington, VA. Our women’s open mat is frequented weekly competition-minded athletes, including colored belt and black belt adult and masters Pan and World champions.
 # Guidelines and What to Expect - 10 rounds x 6 minute rounds, 45 seconds in between. - Anyone can stop rolling at any point, for any reason. - If it’s your first time training with someone, briefly discuss expectations (leglocks, injuries, intended intensity) - A competitive training environment with skilled training partners. - Everyone’s priority is to become more skillful, not to win. We are all friends and want all parties to have fun and productive rounds! - One year of experience is required for non-Kogaion members. Blue belt level or above is strongly recommended. - Repeated injury by the same person, even on accident, will result in that person being asked to leave.
 # Cost Kogaion members, brown and black belts, and first time visitors train for free at women’s open mat. All other drop-ins for this open mat are 10 USD per day.

 Check out our full schedule of classes

 ## Visit our Instagram @dmvwomensbjj to see all of the (200+!) previous open mats hosted since early 2022. Kogaion Academy’s women’s open mat in Arlington, VA is one of the most renowned gatherings of female practitioners on the East Coast. Our regular attendees include adult Pan and World champions blue through black belt, top ranked athletes from the DMV, and Masters Worlds champions. Women regularly travel from as far as Singapore, Seattle, Atlanta, Philadelphia, Durham, Charlottesville, and Baltimore for the highly competitive but friendly training. Whether you’re looking for the most technical rounds in the region or preparing for a competition, stop by and see what we’re all about.
