---
source_url: https://www.primaljiujitsuacademy.com
final_url: https://www.primaljiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:54.526Z
---

## Offering MMA & No Gi Jiu Jitsu Classes
 ## No experience needed
 Click for Free Trial
 ## No hidden fees

 Nick's Martial Arts journey began when he was just 12 years old. Immediately, he became hooked on the sport and set a goal of opening his very own academy one day. Nick began teaching Jiu Jitsu and MMA classes as a teenager, where he found his true passion; helping others learn Martial Arts. Since the start of his journey, he has competed countless times in both Jiu Jitsu and MMA, locally and across the country. In 2019, he received his black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at the age of 21. In his endeavors, he has earned numerous medals in grappling competitions, fought in the UFC, and won multiple regional titles in both amateur and professional MMA. Nick has always been passionate about teaching and thoroughly enjoys helping his students learn skills effectively and efficiently. His knowledge and expertise from over 13 years of experience show in his detailed instruction, his technical proficiency, and in his students' progress.
 ​
 ​

 ## *All classes and open mats are ALL LEVELS. *If you are not signed up with us and want to take a class, a drop in fee of $30 will apply. Students from all gyms are welcome to drop in. *All practitioners are welcome to attend Saturday open mat. No drop-in fee will apply. *Stay tuned on social media for announcements on additional classes and open mats

 Contact
 # *Please fill out contact form for a free trial class and we will reach out to you via email
 # Contact us for a Free Trial

 First name *
 Last name *

 What classes are you interested in?

 Email *

 Ask us anything!

 Submit

 ## How to find us
 #### Testimonials

 “Nicks instruction is second to none. If you've never taken one of his classes, I can assure you you'll feel the same way after you try one. Highly recommend for all levels."
 -Tom P

 "Nick is one of the best bjj athletes/coaches I’ve had the opportunity to work with. If you’re considering training, check out his gym you won’t regret it!"
 -Calvin K

 "Nick is an approachable guy, polite, humble and very easy to chat with. I see him mostly working with my coaches, exchanging knowledge and pushing the limits in their own Jiu Jitsu. They’re all very high level talents and I think it’s important that good coaches challenging themselves regularly. Iron sharpens iron. The times that we’ve rolled together Nick allowed me to work and learn and when I caught a good transition, he was encouraging and positive. As a student of the sport that makes me feel good; as a female in the sport, this makes me feel safe. I’m glad to have him in our community because he’s working to improve Jiu Jitsu for everyone, without ego, just a passion for the sport and the people in it; new and seasoned alike."​
 -Steph F

 "Nick Fiore was my first jiu jitsu professor and my level of training would not be where it’s at today if it wasn’t for him pushing me to work harder, use technique and teaching me to relax and not panic. I’ve been told 'If you’re having trouble learning a technique go to Nick and he’ll dial you in on how to perfect it'. For being a young man in his mid twenties Nick Fiore is one of the sharpest professors I’ve come across and has a skill in making difficult techniques easy to comprehend."
 -Steve B

 "Had the pleasure of training with Nick over the years. Always professional, incredible instructor, very knowledgeable, and has a great disposition with people which makes him a great teacher! Can’t wait to see all the success of primal! No doubt will be one of the premier places to train in southern NH"

 -Scott H

 "Been under Nicks guidance for over 6 years now, starting as a complete beginner not knowing anything to being competent enough to compete in mma due to his teachings. He is the best jiu jitsu instructor in all of New England and I would highly recommend checking out his gym, you won’t regret it!"
 ​
 ​

 -Fred S

 Nick is truly a phenomenal coach! His teaching style is comfortable and so informative. He’s able to break everything down in a way that any type of learner can understand. As a female, he’s always made me feel so confident with training and I leave his classes feeling empowered. I would recommend Nick’s classes to absolutely anyone and everyone!
 -Kenzie D

 "Walked in one day nervous as all hell because ive never done jiu jitsu before , nick and maddie took me in like i was family, ive been training here for a couple months now and couldn't be happier, environment is awesome and every class i learn something new so if your looking for a new gym this is definitely the place to be."

 -Nick B
