---
source_url: http://www.graciesouthjordan.com
final_url: https://gracie-jiujitsu-southjordan.gymdesk.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:42.721Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # South Jordan'SPremier Jiu-Jitsu Martial Arts School

 View Our Schedule And Gain Access To Our Exclusive Web Special
 Your Name
 Date of birth

 Email Address
 Phone (optional)

 Street address
 City
 State
 Postal code

 Training Goals

 Leave a comment (optional) Get Started Now
 One moment. Redirecting to intro class booking form...

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from [business name]. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply.

 ## Mat Munchkins Kids Martial Arts (Ages 3-4) Gracie Bullyproof® Mat Munchkins kids martial arts classes for preschoolers is full of fun games and simple techniques with the objective of building your child's confidence while getting them excited and ready for the transition into the Little Champs (Ages 5-7) classes.
 Learn More

 ## Little Champs Kids Martial Arts (Ages 5-7) Discover why parents love our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Torrance! Our Gracie Bullyproof® Little Champs program infuses kids with powerful self-defense skills as well as respect, discipline, and focus to help them in school and life.
 Learn More

 ## Jr. Grapplers Kids Martial Arts (Ages 8-12) Gracie Bullyproof® Jr. Grapplers builds unshakable confidence so that your child can overcome bullying without violence. Parents love our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program in Torrance because it's the perfect blend of self-defense and character development.
 Learn More

 ## Adult Martial Arts Co-Ed Classes The world's leading Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program for beginners. We offer martial arts classes that are structured and provide a safe learning opportunity for students with no previous experience. Learn the 36 core techniques of BJJ in a fun and cooperative environment.
 Learn More

 ## Women's BJJ Beginner Classes So much more than a women's self-defense class! Not only will you learn how to use Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to defend against the most common threat scenarios, you will also experience empowerment, fun, and fitness in a safe and supportive environment!
 Learn More

 ## Advanced BJJ Classes for Adults From blue belt to black belt, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu consists of hundreds of advanced techniques organized into a clearly defined, systematic curriculum called the Master Cycle®. You'll never experience adult martial arts classes that are as structured, safe, and effective as what you'll find in the Master Cycle.
 Learn More

 # Why Choose Gracie University? At our Certified Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Training Center, we believe Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is for EVERYONE, regardless of age, gender, athleticism, or ability. We are proud to say that we are continuing the legacy of Grandmaster Hélio Gracie, who believed jiu-jitsu should empower anyone to be able to defend themselves against a stronger opponent. This is why we offer structured martial arts curriculums for any demographic or skill level, with programs created for beginner adults, women, and children.

 We take pride in creating a safe, comfortable, and welcoming learning environment for all students and family members in South Jordan. We are passionate about what we do because we believe confident humans make kinder humans.

 # Frequently Asked Questions Most frequent questions and answers about our Children's Martial Arts Program.

 remove ## Will my child become a bully?
 Through our work, we have seen that confident kids make kinder kids. We teach children how to not only stand up to bullies for themselves, but how to stand up for others. Our Rules of Engagement teach children to avoid the fight if at all possible by first using their words, and then telling an adult.

 When they do need to resort to physical self-defense, we do not teach children punches or kicks in the Gracie Bullyproof program, but rather, empowered by Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, to neutralize, defend, control, and negotiate if possible.

 remove ## What do I need to bring to my first kids BJJ lesson?
 Upon arriving for your child's first jiu-jitsu class, we will provide a uniform, called a gi, for them to wear. We recommend wearing comfortable undergarments or leggings, and a t-shirt or rashguard that they can wear under their gi.

 Someone will be there to help you tie your child's belt for the first time!

 remove ## My child has ADHD. Will martial arts help?
 My Child Has ADHD. Is jiu-jitsu for them?

 Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes is that it's an individual sport done in a group environment. We find all our students improve in their focus, self control, discipline and social skills. But the best part is…. They don't even realize that is what our highly trained kids martial arts instructors are actually doing. They just think they are having fun!

 The best way to find out for yourself is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You'll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. If you are concerned about group classes for your child, we also offer private classes until they feel ready to take on the group class setting!

 remove ## Kids karate classes vs. kids BJJ classes. Which is best?
 Many parents ask, what's the difference between Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Karate classes? While we believe all martial-arts have value, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has not only been proven to be the most effective martial art for a smaller person to defend themselves in a real fight for nearly a century, it also can be the most gentile.

 We don't want our kids or students turning into bullies themselves, and we also believe self-defense should be scalable, depending on the situation. Whereas kids Karate lessons or Taekwondo classes rely solely on landing punches and kicks, jiu-jitsu for kids focuses on neutralizing a threat with verbal boundaries, distance management, body control, and eventual negotiation.

 remove ## Are parents allowed to watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! Even better… you can join in our martial arts classes for adults, and have yet another thing in common with your little one. We love seeing the bond of families who train together!

 remove ## My child is not athletic. Will they feel left out?
 We believe jiu-jitsu is for children of all skill levels and abilities. Your child belongs here.

 Through our kids martial arts classes, we have seen our students improve co-ordination, balance, motor skills, focus and discipline. Plus, they make lots of great friends!

 Our instructors are highly skilled in teaching martial arts to kids. It's their PASSION!

 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone
 Training Goals

 Leave a comment (optional) Next Steps

 One moment. Redirecting to intro class booking form...
