---
source_url: http://www.divinusluxjiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://divinusluxjiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:25.645Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Greenwood ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Will Help You Grapple With Any Challenge! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art -- it's a combat sport, a self-defense system, and an effective fitness program. Our team at Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu in Greenwood can help you explore the ins and outs of BJJ and personalize a training program to match your goals. Whether you're hoping to learn to defend yourself and your loved ones, lose weight and build lean muscle, or to prepare for competition, we have your back.
 We are South Carolina's premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu studio and the source for high-quality Jiu Jitsu training in Greenwood, Abbeville and beyond! Just sit down and talk with one of our instructors about how we can help you meet and exceed your goals!
 Just fill out the short form on the side of this page to learn more or get started!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Aside from helping you achieve better fitness, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has a wealth of mental and spiritual benefits . By training with us at Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu, you'll get access to a supportive and uplifting community, reduce your stress and anxiety levels in everyday life, and experience boosted energy and higher-quality sleep. And, of course, you'll lose weight and build muscle while learning practical self-defense skills!
 ##### Join us for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and get access to: - Sustainable weight loss & lean muscle gain - Improved confidence & boosted energy - Reduced stress, better sleep, & an awesome community - Compassionate instructors who will guide you to success
 Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu is 100% committed to our community, so whether you're here in Greenwood or coming to us from Abbeville or Newberry, we can help take your workout to the next level . You'll have so much fun training in Jiu Jitsu that you won't even realize how much you're gaining.
 #### Enroll in Greenwood's Premier Jiu Jitsu Program Today! No matter whether you're a beginner or a pro, Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu has something to offer everyone. From helping engineer better fitness to giving pro martial artists the upper hand in their next match, our team is proud to give our members the best shot at success. Join us in Greenwood for our next class and see for yourself what our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes can do for you.
 To get started or learn more, just fill out the short form on the side of this screen!
 Get more information now!

 ## Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu: Building Skills for Life Request information

 Amazing teachers who are very knowledgeable about the arts they teach! Super friendly and fun learning environment where you can come to better yourself no matter what age you are! I would 11/10 recommend this school to anybody in the Greenwood area who is looking for a good martial arts experience!!

 Great school, a welcoming environment, and the Instructors are high level and good at their craft. Highly recommended if you’re in the area.

 Great jiu jitsu and people, instructor Alex Miller is an amazing teacher, no way you’ll leave without learning something effective. They also have an insanely amazing ginger white belt.

 ### Request Information Now!

 Now Open at Our New Address!
 Visit us at:
 1310 Bypass 72 NE
 Greenwood, South Carolina 29649

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site!!!!! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
