---
source_url: http://www.divinusluxjiujitsu.com/services/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://divinusluxjiujitsu.com/services/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:26.331Z
---

# Kids Jiu Jitsu in Greenwood ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Greenwood's Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes! Here at Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu, we're proud to offer kids from Greenwood the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Greenwood for Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Jiu Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Greenwood's Favorite Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Greenwood, Abbeville, and Laurens the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about kids martial arts!
 Get more information now!

 ## Divinus Lux Jiu Jitsu: Building Skills for Life Request information

 Amazing teachers who are very knowledgeable about the arts they teach! Super friendly and fun learning environment where you can come to better yourself no matter what age you are! I would 11/10 recommend this school to anybody in the Greenwood area who is looking for a good martial arts experience!!

 Great school, a welcoming environment, and the Instructors are high level and good at their craft. Highly recommended if you’re in the area.

 Great jiu jitsu and people, instructor Alex Miller is an amazing teacher, no way you’ll leave without learning something effective. They also have an insanely amazing ginger white belt.

 ### Request Information Now!

 Now Open at Our New Address!
 Visit us at:
 1310 Bypass 72 NE
 Greenwood, South Carolina 29649

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site!!!!! View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
