---
source_url: http://www.agjiujitsuacademy.com
final_url: https://www.agjiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:15.987Z
---

# Welcome to AG Jiu-Jitsu Academy
 At AG Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we provide a holistic approach to health and fitness, focusing not only on physical health, but also on mental and emotional well-being. It is not just a sport; it serves as a community .

 Train With Us

 Though jiu-jitsu is rooted in self-defense, it also provides an effective form of exercise and unique skillset.

 Learn More

 ## What We Offer
 AG Jiu-Jitsu Academy owner Adam Gordinier strives to provide a warm and welcoming environment in the academy, creating a safe space for people to learn martial arts.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 We offer both group classes and private sessions to meet your jiu-jitsu needs.

 Self-Defense Classes

 Self-defense classes are designed to teach you how to protect yourself both in and out of the gym.

 Fight Choreography

 Coach Adam can design a fight for your film or TV show, ensuring that it looks realistic while being safe.

 Explore Our Services

 "I met Adam Gordinier as a professor at Street Sports Brazilian Jiujitsu in Santa Monica, CA. His ability to communicate, attention to detail and seemingly unlimited patience creates a wonderful environment to learn in. Aside from that, he’s also a great, caring man whom creates a safe and encouraging academy to learn Brazilian jiu-jitsu in. If you want to learn jiu-jitsu, look no further than Professor Gordinier."
 - James A., Stunt Coordinator - Fear the Walking Dead

 ## Contact Us
 305 Trilith Parkway, Ste 325
 Fayetteville, Georgia 30214

 310-592-0877

 hello@agjiujitsuacademy.com

 - -
