---
source_url: https://www.midtownkravmaga.com
final_url: https://midtownkravmaga.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:10.949Z
---

# Midtown Krav Maga & Jiu Jitsu #### Community. Hard Work. Friendly. Sign Up for Youth Summer Camp now!
 Pause Video

 ##### Sign Up for Youth Summer Camp now! ×

 #### Welcome To ## Midtown Krav Maga & Jiu Jitsu
 Midtown Krav Maga & Jiu Jitsu (MKMJJ) offers a friendly community for anyone looking to improve their self-defense skills. We built an environment that focuses on hard work and self-improvement. Whether you’re a beginner or an experienced competitor, you’ll find your place here among friends with similar passions and goals. Our combination of Krav Maga and Jiu Jitsu classes in Memphis, Tennessee has cultivated a unique and unified atmosphere. Join Midtown Krav Maga & Jiu Jitsu to work hard towards a better life today!

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## About

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: MKMJJ in Memphis helps students master their strengths and achieve their goals. Whether you want to learn Krav Maga self–defense or become a Jiu Jitsu champion, our team will guide you. We provide individualized attention and feedback to truly understand each individual. From there, our professional, thorough coaches are able to train students based on their strengths and weaknesses.We know that the physical training is only half the work, though. MKMJJ builds discipline and establishes the knowledge that in order to succeed, you must train with effort, consistency, and attention to detail.
 #### Our History: Owner Josh Metcalf opened MKMJJ in Memphis on July 3rd, 2021. At this point, he had taught and trained Krav Maga for 15 years and was confident in his passion for teaching. When the COVID-19 pandemic challenged small businesses, Josh took the opportunity to open a Krav Maga academy in Memphis. He wanted to create a place that provided top-quality self-defense training.
 Learn More!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Community MKMJJ students and instructors are united by our passion for growth, self-defense, and martial arts. We uplift each other to new heights on and off the mat.

 ##### Perseverance Martial arts training tests your limits to become your best self. Learn to overcome adversity in all aspects of life.

 ##### Friendly We welcome all individuals with open arms to train at MKMJJ.

 ##### Self-Defense We are solely focused on self-defense training and will ensure you’re well-equipped to take on a variety of situations.

 ##### Strength Whether you choose Jiu Jitsu or Krav Maga (or both!), you’ll improve your strength, agility, and stamina.

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To!

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It:

 Drop by and try a class and I’m sure you’ll want to stick around. This place and people here have become my favorites. Krav fam is the best fam no doubt 💯 …

 Kamilah M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Josh’s gym is a place of excellent training, fun atmosphere, and a feeling of community. Couldn’t recommend it highly enough.

 Neile M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 While this is a great place to train, learn, and get in better shape, MKMJJ is a great community to connect and make friends.

 Carolyn J.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Everyone here, from teachers to fellow students, are super kind and helpful. As someone with zero-background in sports, I felt very comfortable learning.

 Adelina W.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Whether you are an experienced fighter, or just looking to get in shape, this is the place for you.

 Brett S.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 My daughter, Maddie, loves attending class. She has lost weight, gained confidence, and is prepared to physically defend herself if need be. 💗

 Rebecca W.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! MKMJJ invites nearby communities including Bartlett, Germantown, and Arlington to train self-defense with us in Memphis. Join us in Midtown in front of Crosstown Concourse.

 (901) 857-0560
 josh@midtownkravmaga.com
 416 N. Cleveland St. Memphis, Tennessee 38104
 Get Directions

 ### Midtown Krav Maga & Jiu Jitsu 416 N. Cleveland St. Memphis, Tennessee 38104
 Get Directions
