---
source_url: https://www.albanysamurai.com
final_url: https://www.albanysamurai.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:04.937Z
---

### Albany Samurai Arts Welcome to the official Albany Samurai Arts website.
 We are dedicated to the study of Nami Ryu Aiki Heiho, in the heart of the Capital Region; Latham, NY.
 - Japanese swordsmanship (Kenjutsu and Iaijutsu) - classical Samurai weaponry, which includes the wakizashi, tanto and more - Traditional Jujutsu, including Aiki-jujutsu – the root art of Brazilian Jiujitsu and Aikido - The System of Strategy - the study of classical martial arts for practical self-defense and increased awareness

 To learn more about our curriculum, click here.

 Our Principles
 The concepts of awareness, blending with and deceiving an opponent, and subtle movement using laws of physics are all used to facilitate an attackers defeat.
 These and many other principals of strategy are learned through the study of the Japanese sword. The same principles learned through the sword are then applied to Aiki-jujutsu unarmed martial arts.
 Albany Samurai Arts is a school for training in the ancient martial arts (bujutsu) and strategies (heiho, or hyoho) that were exclusively used by the samurai. Our curriculum covers a wide range of bugei (Japanese martial arts), which encompass skills that were once necessary for the Samurai warrior in the performance of his martial duties. These practical skills are translated into teachings applicable in modern times.
 Benefits of Nami Ryu Training
 - Calmness of Mind and Spirit - Understanding of Tactics and Strategy - Increased Awareness - Self-Defense Techniques and Principles - Being part of a Community with Honor
 Whatever your experience level or prior martial arts experience, we invite you to schedule a time to observe or participate in a class.
 ### Click here to join

 ### Training Schedule Friday :
 Weapons and Aiki-jujutsu: 7:15PM - 8:45PM
 Sunday :
 Open mat: 1:00PM - 2:00PM
 Weapons and Aiki-jujutsu: 2:00 - 4:00PM
 ### Location We are located at 3 Johnson Rd, Latham, NY in the Chinese Martial Arts Academy studio.
