---
source_url: https://www.radmtfitness.com/blog/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-white-belt-tips
final_url: https://www.radmtfitness.com/blog/brazilian-jiu-jitsu-white-belt-tips
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:27.810Z
---

303-668-7946 | 303-668-7946 | |

 |

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu White Belt Tips 7/26/2022 0 Comments Photo by Edward Eyer The first part of your Jiu Jitsu journey comes with a grueling time as a white belt. Although this is the first rank in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu it seems to be the make-or-break rank since 90% of the people who train BJJ quit at this rank. I believe the biggest failure for many is just a lack of proper mindset or perspective. The physical strain of BJJ only gets harder as you rank higher. It’s the emotional and mental turmoil faced as you spend the majority of your time in this rank as the nail and not the hammer. I believe this happens because many do not consider the most important thing to focus on as a white belt. That thing is SURVIVAL. Many people begin Brazilian Jiujitsu thinking of themselves one way or another and most times their self-confidence is shattered on the mats, or at least severely bruised. Even if they accept that they will be dominated for a bit, they assume they should be better offensively much faster than it usually happens. At this point it’s important to lose your ego and learn humility. You don't even know what you don’t know yet. Focus on small things and try not to get overwhelmed. Try to grasp the vastness of the journey ahead and learn patience. Take in what you can bite by bite. Do what you can, where you are, with what you know. Be careful not to fall victim to paralysis by analysis. Stop trying to figure it out and just do the moves you’re being taught to the best of your ability with what you can remember in the chaos of your rolls, and above all else just learn to SURVIVE. Take your lumps, be the nail, grow through the adversity. I≥,f you gain a strong mental fortitude at this juncture it can carry through all your ranks. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu breaks most people, and it can be said it’s not for everyone, but then you’re always hearing IT IS FOR EVERYONE. if you can conquer your fears and anxieties and any physical issues, it can be FOR YOU and it can make you stronger and better all-around in every aspect of your life. I truly believe that. At this point you learn more than just survival you learn how to OVERCOME. Check out my video about “White Belt Tears” 0 Comments First Last Leave a Reply. | Categories All Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) Fitness Muay Thai Opinion Product Review Author I'm Krufessor Rad, the proud owner, Kru & Professor at Rad Muay Thai & BJJ Fitness Gym, located in Aurora, Colorado. My passion lies in empowering individuals through training in what I like to call Martial Athletics. By combining functional strength training and conditioning, I enhance my martial arts skills, while also utilizing martial arts to complement my strength and conditioning regimen. My ultimate goal is to cultivate well-rounded Martial Athletes who transcend boundaries and reach new levels of personal growth and excellence.​ | |
