---
source_url: http://www.sgbjj.com/classes/kids-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://sgbjj.com/kids-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:50.286Z
---

## Kids BJJ, Grappling and Muay Thai ### Call, Walk In, or Register Online to Set Up Your FREE WEEK TRIAL! Our Kids Martial Arts Program is all about giving your child the tools they need to succeed. Not just on the mats, but in school, at home, and in everyday life. Through Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi & No-Gi) and Muay Thai, kids pick up real skills while also building confidence, focus, and discipline.
 You’ll start to notice big changes: better respect for themselves and others, stronger work ethic, and a kind of confidence that carries over into everything they do.
 Here’s what they’ll get out of it:
 - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Gi & No-Gi): Teaches kids how to stay calm, problem-solve, and use leverage and control instead of striking. It’s one of the safest and most effective self-defense systems around. - Muay Thai: High-energy striking that builds coordination, fitness, and discipline. It’s a great way to burn energy while learning respect and focus.
 The best part? They’ll be getting stronger and more confident without even realizing it because they’re having so much fun! And you’ll love seeing their energy, spirit, and confidence rise every time they step off the mats.
 View our Schedule
 ## Our Kids Classes Instructors Expert kids martial arts instruction in Dayton, OH
 ### Sean Gray 3rd Degree Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt

 ### Josh Webb Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt

 ### Nate Hallum Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Purple Belt

 ### Ryan Cloud Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Purple Belt

 ### Michael Fultz Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Purple Belt

 ### Michael Fultz Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Blue Belt

 ### Andre Canter Kids Muay Thai Coach

 ### John Kids Muay Thai Coach

 ###
