---
source_url: http://www.sgbjj.com
final_url: https://sgbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:50.484Z
---

### Call, Walk In, or Register Online to Set Up Your FREE WEEK TRIAL!

 ## Our Classes Daily Martial Arts Classes for all skill levels and ages.
 View Our Full Class Schedule
 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 ### Muay Thai Kickboxing
 ### Judo

 ### Submission Grappling
 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu
 ### Tipp City Location

 Your browser does not support the video tag. - SG gym is the cleanest, friendliest and biggest mat-space gym in the area. My family and I (myself and two children) have been training here for two years now and we all love it. It is the most family-friendly gym we have ever been to. Honestly, if you're in the market for self improvement, discipline, health, strength and friendship, all whilst training jiu jitsu, SG BJJ is the best place you can go! PaddyNovember 2, 2024 The best around! My son has grown tremendously in the two years he has been training here. If you are seeking highly skilled coaches and a gym to help prepare you or your children for the competition route, this is it. There is also a great network of women who train and the environment is very family oriented all around. EliseJuly 16, 2024 I had an opportunity to train No-Gi jiu jitsu at SG Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in March 2024. It was a great experience with friendly people. The owner, Sean, was very accommodating and helpful; I had emailed the club info address a week in advance to set things up. Sean responded within a few hours and I was able to make a plan to visit the early Wednesday morning workout. Signing in was quick and easy. Sean was very friendly along with all the students. They were all very easy to work with during the training. The skills training was challenging but taught in a technical way that was easy to grasp. I’d highly recommend SG BJJ to anyone who’s into BJJ or looking to get into it! JoeApril 16, 2024 - Whenever I travel, I stop in at local BJJ gyms. You won't find a more friendly group to train with. I walked in and the treated me like an old friend. It was a blast! My only regret is that I was only able to train this one day. If you are in the area, please check it out. If they happen to drop in at Dalton Combatives, it would be fun to catch up again. Keep up the good work! GrahamSeptember 16, 2024 My son has trained at S&G for over 4 years now and still loves it! The coaches are amazing and he has learned so much from them. We love this gym because they treat you like family. MelindaNovember 16, 2023 My son has trained at this gym for almost 6 years now, and we can’t imagine going anywhere else. The staff is knowledgeable and welcoming. The families who train here, along with the staff, have become a second family for us. The training is top notch, and the kids class works hard but always ends with a game. Whether you want to compete or just gain new skills, strength and confidence; this is the place! JenniferNovember 16, 2023 - Really good, I’ve trained here for 7 years and I still love it. Would recommend 👍👍👍 The gym is clean , coaches are nice and talented and the front staff is very nice. This gym opened up a bunch of opportunities for me and my friends. BraydenJuly 16, 2024 I’ve now been training at S&G for, I think, 8 years. Was great years ago and just keeps getting better. New location is awesome! The ability to access cutting edge, world-class knowledge is unmatched in Dayton. See a guy win big on Flo Grappling on Wednesday, train with him Friday night. GregDecember 16, 2023 Very awesome place to train Brazilian jiu jitsu, Muay Thai, boxing, wrestling, and judo. Strong community and team focused atmosphere. Very accepting of new people. Feels like a family! Great place for women to train, too. The coaches and workers care about the success and happiness of the students. Very attentive and willing to stay over class and help with questions. Always throwing get togethers and participating in local competitions. Prices are very good compared to other gyms I’ve been to in the area. Fun way to get cardio in… I hate running lol. Great way to relieve stress. Love going here after work. Clean environment. Always cleaning mats after every class. Locker rooms are equipped with personal amenities! I’m super happy being apart of this team ChelseaNovember 16, 2023

 ## What’s New at SG BJJ Latest News from Dayton’s Finest Martial Arts School
 Most people hit snooze, meanwhile, 6am at SG - Fri

 Two ways to finish lapel chokes from the back and

 SG Tipp City Vibes with Professor Dan Lopez in The

 Kids BJJ - THEY LOVE IT! #bjj #kidsbjj #kidsbjjcla

 Proud of several of our kid’s program athletes tha

 It’s tournament time again and I’m proud and nosta

 Fridays are for the dogs…. Friday Afternoon Fight

 MT Vibes

 SG will be closed tomorrow Monday, January 26th fo

 Follow on Instagram
