---
source_url: http://www.pureperformancemac.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://pureperformancemac.com/classes/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:12.739Z
---

Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 Crazy April Deal Alert. New Member Savings : Gift Cards Available!

 ## Learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu from world-class trainers who make every session a fun experience Brazilian Jiu Jitsu drills are a great way to stay in shape. Not only is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu fun and exciting, but studies also show that moving your body and training in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an excellent start to staying healthy and fit. In our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes, we strive to strike a perfect balance between fitness, self-defense, and fun in our drills. Fun and health go great together, and they only keep getting better!
 Get Started NowBeginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## Get Started now! ####

 ## With Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes, We Help You Stay Fit And Stay Ready! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the ideal self-defense because most fights end up on the ground. Simply by mastering a few important moves, you could very well save your life and that of your loved ones as well. We help you master the most offensive Jiu-Jitsu moves for your self-defense. Our Brazilian Jiu-jitsu consists of four key elements:
 - Power warmups - Master Instruction - Drilling Practice - Sparring Training
 Get Started Now
 Beginner classes enrolling right now!

 ## Program Instructors Marco Sampaio Jr
