---
source_url: https://bpifight.com
final_url: https://www.bpifight.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:01.607Z
---

# Experience The Difference at BPi Fight
 Coeur d'Alene, Idaho's Premier Jiu Jitsu Academy
 - Prof. Jason Lambert -

 Try a class on us

 ## BPi Fighting Systems Classes
 JIU JITSU CLASSES

 MUAY THAI

 MIXED MARTIAL ARTS

 1

 ### Jiu-Jitsu: Adults & Kids Classes
 Elevate your Jiu Jitsu journey for both Kids and Adults at BPi Fighting Systems. From fast-paced kids’ classes to high-level adult training sessions, we offer world-class instruction in a friendly setting—so sign up for a free class to see why we’re North Idaho’s top choice.

 Try a Class for Free

 2

 ### Muay Thai: Adults & Kids Classes
 Elevate your stand-up game with BPi Fighting Systems’ Muay Thai program, led by Jon Perez, a certified Muay Thai PC Kru through USECCA and Sports authority of Thailand. Whether you’re seeking to compete at the highest levels in Muay Thai or simply get in shape, our high-energy classes will push your limits and sharpen your skills.

 Try a Class for Free

 3

 ### Mixed Martial Arts Classes
 Discover a MMA program, where Jason Lambert’s proven UFC pedigree meets decades of collective coaching know-how. Whether you’re focused on blending grappling & striking, an unstoppable pressure, our system has forged multiple current titleholders and pushes every athlete on our team to excel.

 Try a Class for Free

 ## Try a Class on Us
 More Info >

 ## Who we are:
 ##### Welcome to BPi Fighting Systems ##### ​ At BPi Fighting Systems, our mission is to provide top-tier instruction in Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, MMA, and specialized Fighting Systems to the greater Coeur d’Alene area. Spearheaded by Jason Lambert—whose professional background spans the UFC, WEC, Bellator, King of the Cage, and Gladiator Challenge—we’re proud to offer an approach that balances timeless martial arts fundamentals with the latest innovations. Our strategic partnership with Bio Performance Institute (BPI) extends beyond traditional training; it connects our students to a community of dedicated professionals focused on health and recovery. Together, we’ve built an empowering and welcoming environment centered on excellence, where every member, from beginner to pro, can thrive.
 ​
 ##### A Holistic Approach to Martial Arts and Wellness ##### ​ We’ve teamed up with Bio Performance Institute (BPI) for a strategic partnership that goes beyond traditional training. Alongside world-class coaching, you’ll also find a network of dedicated health, healing, and recovery professionals ready to support every phase of your martial arts journey. This holistic approach sets us apart, delivering:
 ​
 - Expert Instruction: Our coaching team boasts decades of combined experience in Law Enforcement Combatives, MMA, competitive Jiu-Jitsu (ADCC, IBJJF, AGF, etc.), Muay Thai, and Army Combatives. - Proven Pedigree: Jason Lambert’s MMA career includes three championship titles and a third-degree BJJ black belt under Prof. Roy Harris, supplemented by real-world experience as a Defensive Tactics & Firearms Instructor for the San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department. Our coaching staff is handpicked for their specialized knowledge. - Welcoming Community: Whether you’re a first-timer eager to learn the basics or a seasoned fighter seeking the next challenge, our welcoming environment ensures everyone can train at their own pace while feeling supported, motivated and challenged. - Proven Results: Our holistic philosophy has produced results. Whether it is children overcoming physical disabilities through the power of BJJ, adults in their 50’s and 60’s training at their highest level, a kids competitive BJJ team dominating tournaments or an MMA team that has taken over the PNW, BPi Fighting systems will challenge and uplift you.
 ​
 ### Join Our Community If you value excellence, integrity, and a team-based culture, BPi is the perfect place to sharpen your skills and achieve your personal best. Ready to see the difference for yourself? Sign up for our one-week free trial to experience a new level of training in a positive, empowering atmosphere. We can’t wait to welcome you to the BPi family!

 Michael Sable, ID

 I’m 55 and have been training under Jason for the past five years. Jiu Jitsu has been such a positive experience in my life. I encourage anyone no matter your age or fitness level to give it a try.

 Joe Tate, ID

 I can not recommend this academy enough. Great pricing, and better than amazing skillsets here. Thanks Coach Jason and everyone else at BPi Fighting System!

 Louis Dorian, ID

 not only are the guys tough and skilled but they are aware and bring a sense of enjoyment as well as safety for everyone. I definitely highly recommend BPI!! Thanks guys for having me in to train with you!

 ## Conveniently Located
 Near to the hospital off Ironwood Road!

 The BPI Fight gym is located in the North Idaho Physical Therapy building located off of Ironwood Road.
 From MMA & Jiu Jitsu to Kickboxing. Muay Thai, LEO and Self-Defense, we're your go-to martial arts training gym for all ages and skill levels. Contact us today to schedule a free class...
