---
source_url: http://www.upstreambjj.com/programs
final_url: https://www.upstreambjj.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:10.325Z
---

# Programs

 ## Intro to BJJ Everyone starts here. This class is designed specifically for beginners, offering a welcoming and structured introduction to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. You’ll learn essential techniques from all the core positions, helping you build a strong foundation and gain a real understanding of the sport. Each class begins with a dynamic warm-up to elevate your heart rate and prepare your body for movement. Training includes limited, structured sparring and focuses on developing real-world self-defense skills, positional awareness, and technical fluency.

 Experience level: None

 Intensity: moderate

 Training: Structured sparring, self-defense, technical skill

 Skills: positional understanding, submission fundamentals, and dynamic movements

 Try a free class
 Try a free class

 ## All Levels This class is designed for experienced grapplers ready to take their training to the next level. With an emphasis on technical mastery, strategic refinement, and high-level execution, students will sharpen their skills across all phases of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu —standing, transitional, and ground. Training includes advanced submissions, escapes, and positional tactics, along with takedowns and competition-proven sequences. Classes feature intense situational drilling, flow rolling, and full sparring rounds to prepare athletes for performance under pressure. Whether you're aiming to compete or simply seeking elite-level development, you'll train in a focused, challenging environment alongside dedicated teammates committed to growth.

 Experience level: beginner to advanced

 Intensity: moderate to high

 Training: Structured sparring, self-defense, technical skill

 Skills: advanced positional understanding, submissions, and dynamic movements

 Try a free class
 Try a free class

 ## Marathon Roll Marathon Roll is your weekly test of grit and endurance—11 rounds, 5 minutes each, non-stop sparring. We alternate weekly between gi and no-gi, offering a serious training session to push your limits. This session is free for members and open to visitors from all academies for a small fee. All participants must have at least 6 months of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu experience and be ready to train hard—there’s no instruction, just live rounds.

 Participation in all 11 rounds is required. Please arrive on time and come prepared to work.

 Experience level: 6 months and up

 Intensity: high

 Training: sparring

 Skills: competition prep, endurance, sparring

 Try a free class
 Try a free class

 ## Open Mat Open Mat is an unstructured training session open to all levels—an ideal time to drill techniques, get extra rounds in, and sharpen your game at your own pace. There’s no formal instruction, so come with a plan and a partner if possible. Whether you’re focused on refining specific moves or just want more mat time, Open Mat helps turn good habits into progress. Gi or no-gi is welcome—we recommend bringing both to make the most of your training. Beginner students should take our Intro to BJJ class first.

 Experience level: minimum 6 months

 Intensity: up to you

 Training: drilling and/or sparring

 Skills: a great time to practice what you learned during the week

 Try a free class
 Try a free class

 - - - - -

 ## PRIVATE LESSONS Individual + Small Group
 Looking for personalized attention or accelerated progress? Our coaches offer private lessons tailored to your goals—whether you're sharpening fundamentals, preparing for competition, or diving deep into specific techniques. We offer both one-on-one and small group sessions. Our instructors bring a wide range of experience and specialties to help you grow at every level.

 Owner & Head Coach
 ## Seph Smith A Richmond native, Seph Smith has been immersed in martial arts since 2001. He earned his black belt under renowned instructor Ryan Hall at Fifty/50, becoming Hall’s first black belt. Seph is a seasoned competitor in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, submission grappling, and MMA, with accolades including a WKA regional belt and a silver medal at the Pan Ams. As head instructor at Upstream, Seph is known for his positive, approachable coaching style and his deep commitment to student growth—on and off the mats.

 Accolades

 IBJJF Washington DC Open 2019 Masters Black Belt Gold Medalist.

 Toro Cup 2019 Super Fight Champion.IBJJF New York Open 2018 Masters Black Belt Gold Medalist.

 2012 Montreal Fight for Charity Superfight Champion.

 2011 IBJJF Pan American Championship Masters Brown Belt Silver Medalist.

 2011 UFC Fan Expo Toronto Brown Bel Absolute Champion.

 2009 NAGA Superfight Champion.

 2009 The Good Fight: “Dogfight In Dover” Pro Lightweight Champion.

 Former WKA East Coast Regional Amateur Mixed Martial Arts Title Holder.

 Multiple time Beltsville Judo Champion.

 Referee For Multiple Grappling Tournament Circuits (Grapplers Quest, US Grappling, et al).

 ## Find us on Youtube

 Watch Now
 Watch Now

 Frequently Asked Questions

 ## Your questions answered

 - Why train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)? BJJ focuses on leverage and technique rather than size or strength, making it one of the most effective martial arts for self-defense. Most real-world fights go to the ground - equips you with the skills to stay in control. Whether you’re training for fitness, competition, or confidence, BJJ sharpens your mind, boosts your cardio, and builds lasting resilience. - What is the difference between Traditional Jiu-Jitsu and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Traditional Jiu-Jitsu (Japanese Jujutsu) is a classical martial art developed by the samurai, focusing on self-defense with strikes, throws, joint locks, and sometimes weapons. It's more stand-up oriented and often practiced through pre-arranged techniques (kata). Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) evolved from Judo in Brazil and specializes in ground fighting. It emphasizes leverage, submissions, and live sparring (rolling), making it highly effective for sport and real-life grappling scenarios. - What is a gi? A gi is a traditional uniform worn by Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioners. It consists of three parts - a jacket, pants, and a belt that are made out of thick cotton with reinforced stress points. The gi is specifically designed for grappling and allows for techniques involving grips, chokes, and submissions using the fabric and suited for the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu's style of close contact combat and ground fighting. - What is no-gi? No-gi is a style of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) practiced without the traditional uniform (gi). Instead, practitioners wear rash guards, shorts, or spats. No-gi is a faster, gripless version of BJJ that relies on body control, speed, and wrestling style techniques - ideal for Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) and real-world application. - What should I wear to my first class? For your first class, all you need is comfortable athletic clothing. Just avoid anything with zippers, and don’t forget to bring a water bottle. No sleeveless shirts. Come ready to learn, sweat, and have a great time on the mats! - Do I have to compete? Nope! Competing is completely optional - your journey is your own. Some of our students train for self-defense, fitness, or personal growth, while others enjoy the challenge of testing their skills in competition. Whatever your goals, we’re here to support you every step of the way. - Is it safe to train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)? Your safety is our top priority. Our structured curriculum is designed to provide controlled, beginner-friendly training. With experienced instructors and a culture built on respect, you'll learn BJJ in a safe and supportive environment.However, while BJJ is a highly effective and rewarding martial art, it’s important to understand that, like any physical activity or contact sport, there is an inherent risk of injury. We prioritize safety through structured instruction, controlled training, and a strong culture of respect—but all students should be aware that some level of risk comes with training in any martial art.

 ## Take the first Step

 Try a free class
 Try a free class
