---
source_url: http://www.upstreambjj.com
final_url: https://www.upstreambjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:10.818Z
---

# JIU-JITSUFOR EVERYONE

 Be a part of the legacy built on

 strength skills, and community at

 Richmond’s Premier Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 Try a Free Class
 Try a Free Class

 ## All Skill Levels Welcome

 ✓ Beginners

 ✓ Advanced

 ✓ Kids

 ✓ No contracts

 ✓ Cancel anytime

 Try a Free Class
 Try a Free Class

 What Students Are Saying

 - One of the best gyms I’ve ever trained at. Seph and the other coaches are excellent. It honestly makes me wish I lived in Richmond. I would recommend this gym (and I have) to anyone visiting. I cannot be more pleased. - Love it at Upstream! Helpful instructors and extremely welcoming environment for women. Awesome place to learn and grow! They also have an intro program if you are brand new, not new to BJJ but it’s been awhile, or you want to brush up on your skills. They inspired me to do my very first tournament as a white belt; I never thought I’d do one, but everyone at Upstream is motivating and encouraging…really positive experience. - An amazing place to begin your jiu jitsu journey. I started about 3 months ago and I have been hooked every since. Seph fosters a great community and multiple talented instructors along with himself. So happy I started coming here to begin my life long journey.

 ## Our Programs

 ### Adult Brazilian jiu-jitsu program Learn how to defend yourself and move from the ground up. Build strength, confidence, and skills while having a great time. Train under skilled instructors with over 25 years of experience.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ### Kids Brazilian jiu-jitsu program More than just self-defense - build confidence, friendships, and life skills. Giving kids the tools to stay focused, stay active, and stand up for themselves the right way. Our kids’ program focuses on personal development through training and competition.

 Learn more
 Learn more

 20+ weekly classes

 based in Richmond, Va

 6 days a week

 25+ years of experience

 ## This is Upstream

 Meet Abdul

 Meet Evie

 ## Why choose upstream? Founded by a third-degree black belt and Richmond native, seph smith, Upstream BJJ is an inclusive, all skill levels gym focused on teaching the art of brazilian jiu-jitsu. Our programs and classes focus on skill development, fitness, and personal development. Whether you want to compete or want to join a fun community of bjj practicioners, our gym is open for all.

 Skills
 Modern Jiu-Jitsu, self-defense, competition prep, and fitness.

 All ages
 Programs for adults and kids.

 Community
 Join a supportive community focused on personal development.

 World Class Instruction
 Learn from experienced and expert coaches.

 All Genders
 A safe and inclusive environment where
 everyone is welcome.

 Location
 Located in downtown Richmond, minutes from I64 and I-95, directly off Broad St., close to VCU.

 All Skill Levels
 For beginners, experienced grapplers, and everyone in between.

 Flexible Schedules
 Morning, day, and evening classes.

 More than brazilian jiu-jitsu
 Build strength, skills, and lifelong friendships.

 Try a Free Class
 Try a Free Class
