---
source_url: https://www.mataleaojj.com
final_url: https://www.mataleaojj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:48.969Z
---

# DISCOVER THE POWER OF BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU! ### World Class Instruction ### High-Level Black Belt Instructors ### Top-of-the-line, Modern Facility START NOW CHECK OUT OUR WORKSHOP SERIES

 ### Welcome to Mata Leão Jiu-Jitsu! Mata Leão Jiu-Jitsu, where the artistry of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu meets passion and dedication. Our academy is a vibrant community fostering growth, respect, and skill development. Explore our diverse programs, experienced instructors, and a welcoming environment for all levels. Join us on this empowering journey, embracing the art and ethos of Jiu-Jitsu.

 We are a registered academy with the IBJJF, and have the only IBJJF certified Black Belts in the area.

 CONTACT US NOW

 ## WHAT IS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques, emphasizing leverage and technique rather than size and strength. BJJ training can offer a range of benefits including:
 - Improved physical fitness, strength, and flexibility - Increased self-confidence and discipline - Enhanced problem-solving skills and mental agility - Introduction to self-defense skills and techniques in a safe and controlled setting

 GET MORE INFO

 ## FIND US ON THE MAP Mata Leão Jiu-Jitsu
 2503 W 15th Street
 Erie, PA 16505

 ## WHAT WE DO

 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 WOMEN'S BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 YOUTH BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 COMPETITION TRAINING

 ## When I step on the mat I know there is no other place I'd rather be.~Marcelo Garcia
