---
source_url: http://www.roundrockkravmaga.com
final_url: https://www.roundrockkravmaga.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:03:46.183Z
---

Book Your Trial Class

 ROUND ROCK'S PREMIER TRAINING FACILITY SINCE 1998

 # LIFE IS HARD. TRAIN HARDER.

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ### Krav Maga
 Krav Maga is a combatives and self-defense system. We simulate extreme situations to prepare you mentally and physically, ensuring you are ready to face any threat.

 ### Kickboxing
 Our classes offer high-intensity calorie-burning workouts to help you achieve your fitness goals while learning essential self-defense skills. Perform fight combinations, utilizing punches, kicks, elbows, and more!

 ### Mixfit
 Experience the benefits of High-Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) in our progressive overload strength training classes, designed to improve your cardiovascular fitness and overall endurance.

 ### Yoga
 Build strength, balance, flexibility and core stability in our athlete-style yoga class. This practice is designed to sculpt, lengthen, and lean all major muscle groups for enhanced mobility and power.

 ### Fight Application
 Evolve your combat skills with our Fight Application classes, focusing on skills utilized in Boxing, Kickboxing, and Muay Thai to take techniques to the next level.

 At Round Rock Krav Maga, we believe self-defense is a fundamental right and vital life skill. Our number one goal is to empower individuals with the confidence, strength, and resilience to handle life’s challenges, combining physical techniques with a mindset of preparedness and self-assurance.

 Become a Warrior

 ### Unleash Your Potential
 Our Krav Maga training program is designed to deliver 100% results, guaranteed. We focus on empowering you to defend yourself and others in real-life situations, no matter your age or fitness level. Our training is practical, effective, and adaptable to various scenarios.

 Free Trial

 ## TRAINED BY COACHES WHO CARE

 ## GET IN TOUCH
