---
source_url: http://keweenawjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.keweenawjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:50.392Z
---

Skip to main content
 Skip to navigation

 # Our Classes

 # Beginner 101 and All Level Jiu Jitsu

 We offer self defense, wrestling and primarily jiu jitsu to all ages and all levels. Our program is a no-gi style of jiujitsu that focuses on clinching and a clear path to a submission. The style was created after seeing high level jiujitsu players losing fights in MMA. The no-gi approach wasn’t dependent on grips of the gi, but rather over hooks and under hooks in the clinch. The lineage of our academy traces back to Jean Jacques Machado, Eddie Bravo, Josh Passini. Our head instructor has studied jiu jitsu for over a decade, and has attended seminars with the absolute best practitioners of our day. He is always traveling to seek higher knowledge, which is why our academy is competitive and wins gold, silver and bronze every single time we compete in larger metro areas such as Chicago, Detroit, Minneapolis.
 Beginner 101 is the perfect class for a total beginner and All Level Jiu Jitsu is great for practitioners of every level from Beginner to Advanced students.

 # Kids Classes

 Kids Classes are a great way to bulleyproof your kids and help them build confidence and friendships. We offer classes every Monday and Wednesday for kids 7-13+. Level up through the kids jiu jitsu ranking system and learn valuable skills that will prepare your kids for the future! Kids must come ready to work hard and give it their best.

 ### Kickboxing/Bang Muay Thai

 We are proud to announce that we are a Bang Muay Thai Affiliate Academy! We offer the same curriculum that has produced champions such as TJ Dillashaw, and teach systems created by 14 time Muay Thai World Champion Duane "Bang" Ludwig!

 Classes are very beginner friendly!

 ### Private Lessons

 Private classes for individuals and groups.

 Whether you're nervous to get started, want to improve your existing skills, or are looking for specialized technique... private lessons are a great options for all levels. Pricing ranges from $25 to $50/hr

 Learn at your own pace and set your own goals, with coaches that are going to get your results!
 Message, text or call us for current rates and promotions.

 ### Competition Class Fridays 7-8pm

 This is our highest pace class with a heavy focus on competitors and advanced students. Less instruction and more rounds with escape rounds, situational sparring, passing drills, wrestling and more. This is a perfect class for experienced students who want to get ready for competition and to get in serious shape.

 ## 8 Competitors and 8 trophies ## CMSO 11 Chicago

 ### 6 competitors 4 medals ## Grappling Industries Chicago

 ## 10 competitors 11 medals ## Grappling Industries Wisconsin Dells

 Google Sites

 Report abuse

 Page details

 Page updated

 Google Sites

 Report abuse
