---
source_url: http://keweenawjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.keweenawjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:50.594Z
---

Skip to main content
 Skip to navigation

 # Keweenaw Jiu Jitsu

 ## Thank you for visiting Keweenaw Jiu Jitsu. ## We are an elite Black Belt led Martial Arts Academy with classes suited for the entire family! BEGINNERS WELCOME!
 NEW FOR 2026: WE ARE NOW OFFICIALLY A BANG MUAY THAI ACADEMY!

 ## Message us to learn more about our:

 ## Adult Classes

 ## Kids Classes

 ## Women's Classes

 ## BANG Muay Thai/Kickboxing Classes

 ## Need Michigan Tech Credit? We offer four 14 week classes through Michigan Technological University which count as a full credit each. Sign up now to fill your credits and enjoy a fun and interactive class.

 Intro to BJJ I

 Tues/Thurs 4 - 4:50pm

 Intro to BJJ II

 Tues/Thurs 5 - 5:50pm

 Intro to Kickboxing I

 Mon/Wed 4 - 4:50pm

 Intro to Kickboxing II

 Mon/Wed 5 - 5 :50pm

 # Our Lineage:

 Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie > Hélio Gracie > Carlos Gracie Jr > Jean Jacques Machado > Eddie Bravo > Josh Passini > Stan Myaskovskiy

 # Notable Seminars:

 Nestled in the heart of the Keweenaw, we are a small academy with big goals of offering high level jiu jitsu instructions. Part of our success stems from the time we have put in to learn from the absolute best minds in the jiu jitsu world, and sharing that knowledge back with our own students on a daily basis. Below is just a small collection out of 100+ seminars our head instructor has attended in the last 13+ years of training.

 Promotion Day with Eddie Bravo

 Everything is Defense Seminar with Ryron Gracie

 Gi Jiu Jitsu Seminar with Royce Gracie

 Nogi Passing Seminar with Vagner Rocha

 JT Torres Island BJJ Seminar

 Gary Tonon Nogi Leg Entanglemens

 Nathan Orchard Seminar

 Jean Jacques Machado Seminar

 Google Sites

 Report abuse

 Page details

 Page updated

 Google Sites

 Report abuse
