---
source_url: http://www.gracievermont.com/classes
final_url: https://www.gracievermont.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:26.869Z
---

### Our Classes

 ## Adult Group Lesson

 MORNING | Tue, Wed & Thur - 11:30 to 12:30 AM
 EVENING | Mon, Tue & Thur - 6:45 to 8:45 PM
 Our adult classes cover all aspects of Jiu Jitsu. Though self-defense is the root of all martial arts, BJJ included, the benefits of a fun, challenging training session are why we keep coming back. After a short warm-up, we dive right into learning and drilling techniques, followed by a chance to work on our technique during live, controlled sparring (rolling).

 ## Kid Group Lesson

 - 3-4 Years old: Tue & Sat 10:30 - 11:00 AM - 5-7 Years old: Mon, Tue & Thur 4:00 - 4:40 PM - 8-10 Years old: Mon, Tue & Thur 4:45 - 5:40 PM - 11-13 Years old: Mon, Tue & Thur 5:45 - 6:40 PM
 (During the older kids class, we will separate the 8-10 yr olds and the 11-13 yr olds into different groups, as needed, depending on the material of the class)
 *Please note that we will be unlocking the door for kids classes 10 minutes prior to the start of class.
 Our mission is to empower children with Jiu Jitsu - enhancing their confidence and self-esteem on and off the mat. Jiu Jitsu gives children the opportunity to have fun, while practicing focus and discipline so that they can carry this mindset with them wherever they go. We teach fundamentals in self-defense, communication, and the use of Jiu Jitsu as a last resort.

 ## Women Empowered Class

 #### Wednesday, 6:00 - 7:30PM #### Women's only jiu-jitsu classes provide an ideal starting point for beginners, particularly those aiming to join co-ed classes in the future. These specialized sessions offer a comfortable and supportive environment, allowing women to build foundational skills and confidence. Tailored instruction addresses unique challenges and strengths, preparing participants for the diverse dynamics of coed training. This step-by-step approach ensures a smoother, more confident transition into mixed-gender jiu-jitsu environments.

 ## Private Lesson

 Most days, including weekends. Call us to schedule!
 Helio Gracie always said that the fastest way to progress in BJJ was a steady combination of private and group training. In private lessons, you will get an hour or half-hour of time tailored specifically for you.
 Instructors encourage questions and you can present a list of them, or you can ask the instructor for his opinion on what you need to work on to help you on your journey.

 ## NEW! Open Mat on Saturdays 11 AM - 1PM

 ## Book a Class Call or Text Seth Shamp at 919-685-5181 to schedule your first complimentary class today!

 Book a Class
 Book a Class
