---
source_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/Kids-BJJ
final_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/Kids-BJJ
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.628Z
---

# Kid's BJJ in Melbourne ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from American Killer Bees HQ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Melbourne's Best Kid's BJJ Classes! Here at American Killer Bees HQ, we're proud to offer kid's from Melbourne the opportunity to get high-quality BJJ training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kid's BJJ program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kid's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kid's become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kid's BJJ program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do our Kid's BJJ Classes Offer? Our Kid's BJJ classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at American Killer Bees HQ isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Melbourne for Kid's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kid's BJJ class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Melbourne's Favorite Kid's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kid's martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Melbourne, Palm Bay, and surrounding areas the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at American Killer Bees HQ and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about our kid's BJJ classes!
 Get more information now!

 ## Join Us In Melbourne For The Best Martial Arts And Fitness Training In Town Request information

 I have been coming to Killer Bees for about four years since my last gym closed down. The owners, Israel and Nikita are the nicest people you could ever meet and have been there for me every step of my Muay Thai journey. Though I don't get to go nearly as much as I would like I always have a great class and learn something new.
 They have a variety of classes for everybody whether you are just starting your combat sports and fitness journey or you are a seasoned professional. Stop by one day and check them out for a truly life changing experience should you decide to stick with it.

 Best workout I've ever had. It is fun, intense and I love it. Nikita has so much good energy that it pushes you to do more and more every time. I only tried Cardio Kickboxing but I am sure the other classes are great too ! I highly recommend whatever your shape or experience or background is, you will love it.

 Nice, clean, modern gym. Members and staff treat you like family. Good team to train with, especially if you’re new.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
