---
source_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/BJJ
final_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/BJJ
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:09.822Z
---

# Melbourne BJJ ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from American Killer Bees HQ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Take On The World Of Ground Grappling In Our BJJ Classes Whether you're interested in real-world self-defense, sport-style training, or a total-body workout, we have the answer for you here at American Killers Bees HQ.
 Our BJJ program offers professional instruction in the ground-based skills of BJJ. We'll help you learn the ins and outs of leverage, takedowns, and submission strategies.
 Join us in Melbourne today or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 #### Why Is BJJ Right For You? This ground-based self-defense discipline is all about generating leverage over an opponent. At American Killer Bees HQ, we're helping men and women of all skill levels learn the sport one step at a time.

 With us, you can enjoy hands-on instruction and an ego-free environment. We'll challenge you with exciting technique training and let you put your skills to the test with controlled sparring sessions.
 Our BJJ Classes in Melbourne offer tools like:
 - Lightning-quick takedowns and transitions - Ground-based strategies to establish leverage and control - Defensive maneuvers from any position - Effective submission skills to help you come out on top
 #### In No Time, You Can Enjoy Total-Body Results Our BJJ program is primarily focused on helping you learn the skills of this sport and how to become as efficient and effective in your movements as possible.
 But we're also working hard to challenge your body and help you take on a great workout that will leave you feeling fitter and more confident than ever before.
 At American Killer Bees HQ, we're keeping your mind motivated with new skills while keeping your body guessing with high-energy exercises. In no time, you can enjoy:
 - Total-body fat burn - Improved speed, strength, and athleticism - Healthy, sustainable weight loss - Incredible confidence in all aspects of life
 ## #### Take The First Step Today! Learn More About Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes In Melbourne! If you're looking for the best way to combine fitness, self-defense, and sport-style training, look no further. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program has something for men and women all across Melbourne.
 Come see us at American Killer Bees HQ to try it for yourself or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Join Us In Melbourne For The Best Martial Arts And Fitness Training In Town Request information

 I have been coming to Killer Bees for about four years since my last gym closed down. The owners, Israel and Nikita are the nicest people you could ever meet and have been there for me every step of my Muay Thai journey. Though I don't get to go nearly as much as I would like I always have a great class and learn something new.
 They have a variety of classes for everybody whether you are just starting your combat sports and fitness journey or you are a seasoned professional. Stop by one day and check them out for a truly life changing experience should you decide to stick with it.

 Best workout I've ever had. It is fun, intense and I love it. Nikita has so much good energy that it pushes you to do more and more every time. I only tried Cardio Kickboxing but I am sure the other classes are great too ! I highly recommend whatever your shape or experience or background is, you will love it.

 Nice, clean, modern gym. Members and staff treat you like family. Good team to train with, especially if you’re new.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
