---
source_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/Kickboxing
final_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/Kickboxing
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:10.074Z
---

# Melbourne Kickboxing Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from American Killer Bees HQ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Our Kickboxing Classes Offer All FIT And No FIGHT Looking for the best combination of fitness and self-defense? Look no further.
 Our Kickboxing classes at American Killer Bees HQ offer a high-energy workout that can keep your heart racing and build lean muscle tone across our entire body. PLUS, you'll learn the ins and outs of striking without ever having to take a punch. We're helping Melbourne have fun getting fit.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION
 ## What Can You Expect From Our Fitness Kickboxing Classes? We're working hard to keep your body guessing and keep your mind motivated. Our Fitness Kickboxing classes offer the best combination of high-energy striking with your fists, feet, knees, and elbows.
 You'll enjoy heavy bag training , body-weight movements , and effective strength building exercises.
 At American Killer Bees HQ we're offering Melbourne:
 - Total-body fat burn - Lean muscle gains - Functional strength for all aspects of life - Healthy, sustainable weight loss
 ## And We're Here To Help You Get The Most Out Of Every Workout Most gyms are not concerned with whether or not you're learning while you train. They're just concerned with whether you keep coming back.
 Well, we're not most gyms.
 At American Killer Bees HQ, we're here to help you keep your mind motivated and your body challenged. Our Kickboxing classes offer a dynamic routine that can keep you on your toes week after week after week.
 You'll enjoy hands-on instruction and a supportive environment where you can feel comfortable giving it your all in every class.
 Our Kickboxing classes in Melbourne can help you:
 - Take steps forward every single day - Enjoy a great sense of accomplishment after every class - Face life with more confidence than ever before - Avoid the traps of a plateau
 ## Learn More About Our Kickboxing Classes In Melbourne Today! If you don't enjoy your workout routine, it's time for a change.
 Our Kickboxing classes at American Killer Bees HQ can help you get the most out of every class and walk away feeling motivated to keep giving it your all. Come s ee us in Melbourne today or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Join Us In Melbourne For The Best Martial Arts And Fitness Training In Town Request information

 I have been coming to Killer Bees for about four years since my last gym closed down. The owners, Israel and Nikita are the nicest people you could ever meet and have been there for me every step of my Muay Thai journey. Though I don't get to go nearly as much as I would like I always have a great class and learn something new.
 They have a variety of classes for everybody whether you are just starting your combat sports and fitness journey or you are a seasoned professional. Stop by one day and check them out for a truly life changing experience should you decide to stick with it.

 Best workout I've ever had. It is fun, intense and I love it. Nikita has so much good energy that it pushes you to do more and more every time. I only tried Cardio Kickboxing but I am sure the other classes are great too ! I highly recommend whatever your shape or experience or background is, you will love it.

 Nice, clean, modern gym. Members and staff treat you like family. Good team to train with, especially if you’re new.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
