---
source_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/Muay-Thai
final_url: https://americankillerbeesfitness.com/classes/Muay-Thai
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:10.261Z
---

# Melbourne Muay Thai Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from American Killer Bees HQ. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Learn The Art Of Eight Limbs In Our Muay Thai Classes Muay Thai is a dynamic martial art that can teach you how to generate power and speed with every inch of your body. Known as the art of eight limbs for its focus on defending with your fists, feet, knees, and elbows, this system is the perfect balance between real-world self-defense and total-body fitness training.
 Come see us at American Killer Bees HQ in Melbourne to try it out for yourself or simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION
 ## Why Is Muay Thai Right For You? Not only does this system challenge your body to be faster, stronger, and more athletic than ever before, it also equips you with effective self-defense skills for any situation.
 At American Killer Bees HQ, our Muay Thai classes offer hands-on instruction in the art of stand-up striking , helping you stay safe and face life with confidence.
 We're helping Melbourne:
 - Learn lightning quick punches and jabs - Land head-high kicks and powerful knee strikes - Maintain balance and body control from any position - Improve your situational awareness and reaction times to a threat
 ## And Yeah, You'll Walk Away With Incredible Total-Body Results That's the icing on top, right? The lean muscle mass and total-body strength.
 Our Muay Thai classes can challenge your body from day one to be stronger, fitter, and more athletic than you ever imagined. At American Killer Bees HQ, we're here to challenge you with new workouts every week that can keep your mind motivated and keep your body guessing.
 Join us in Melbourne for:
 - Lean, functional strength across your entire body - Improved speed, agility, and endurance - Boosted self-confidence in all aspects of life - Total-body fat burn and sustainable weight loss
 ## Take On Our Muay Thai Classes In Melbourne Today At American Killer Bees HQ, we are proud to offer the best Muay Thai instruction in town. We're helping men and women across Melbourne learn how to strike from any angle and develop lean strength across your entire body.
 Simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION

 ## Join Us In Melbourne For The Best Martial Arts And Fitness Training In Town Request information

 I have been coming to Killer Bees for about four years since my last gym closed down. The owners, Israel and Nikita are the nicest people you could ever meet and have been there for me every step of my Muay Thai journey. Though I don't get to go nearly as much as I would like I always have a great class and learn something new.
 They have a variety of classes for everybody whether you are just starting your combat sports and fitness journey or you are a seasoned professional. Stop by one day and check them out for a truly life changing experience should you decide to stick with it.

 Best workout I've ever had. It is fun, intense and I love it. Nikita has so much good energy that it pushes you to do more and more every time. I only tried Cardio Kickboxing but I am sure the other classes are great too ! I highly recommend whatever your shape or experience or background is, you will love it.

 Nice, clean, modern gym. Members and staff treat you like family. Good team to train with, especially if you’re new.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
