---
source_url: https://www.ftwspartanburg.com
final_url: https://www.ftwspartanburg.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:58.214Z
---

###### SELF DEFENSE, WEIGHT LOSS, BUILDING CONFIDENCE, ###### ​ ###### TEXT ###### 864-497-2223
 ##### WELCOME
 ### stop by to see what you're missing
 ## NEW STUDENT DEALS!!!!!
 ADULTS-WHEN YOU PAY FOR 3 MONTHS...... YOU WILL GET A FREE UNIFORM!

 I offer team building seminars for companies at reasonable prices !

 Have you ever wanted to learn Jiu Jitsu and self defense? Do you need to build confidence and lose weight? If so, Fight to Win Spartanburg is the perfect place for you!

 ##### SCHOOL REVIEWS
 "Great place to train with excellent staff. Ben and Wesley are highly skilled and great teachers. Would recommend to anyone looking to train Jiu Jitsu."

 WEBB B.

 "Great group of people, it truly feels like a family."

 CHRIS M.

 "Ben is wonderful with children!! He has tons of patience and makes learning fun. He ensures the children understand their lesson by promoting repetition as well as providing hands on instruction provided by himself! I encourage anyone wishing to promote self confidence in their children through the art of self defense to bring them to Fight To Win Spartanburg!"

 KRISTINA G.

 "Ben is a great instructor, training partner and even better person! If you're in the area, check him out! Awesome vibe with great people."

 JOIN US TODAY!
 ##### Text FOR PRICES ##### (864) 497-2223
 ###### "IF YOU WANT TO BE A LION, YOU MUST TRAIN WITH LIONS." Carlson Gracie

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 Monday conditioning and drills
 5:30-7:30
 Tuesday fundamentals
 LEO 3:30-4:30
 Kids 5-5:45
 Adults 6-8
 ​
 Thursday fundamentals
 Kids 5-5:45
 Adults 6-8
 ​
 Friday conditioning and drills
 Adults 5:30-7:30
 ​
 Saturday
 Kids 10-10:45( unless the is a tournament or seminar)
 ​
 open mats as needed
 ​

 ##### VETERANS, TEACHERS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT RECEIVE A DISCOUNT!
 ###### Spartanburg ,SC
 #### 864-497-2223
 ##### ADDRESS
 ###### 848 Gossett Road ###### Spartanburg, SC 29307
 JOSH H.

 Ben at Fight to Win in Spartanburg gives too-notch instruction and has facilitated and nurtured a great culture with his team. It was an honor to train with both he and his team.

 JEFF B.

 The kids class is wonderful. Ben has the patience of a saint. Highly recommend!

 AMBER T.

 I took my oldest son this past weekend and he loved it. Ben is excellent with children and the kids seem to have alot of fun while learning some self defense moves. We are definitely going back.

 COREY B.

 ###### text for details
 #### Drink Water
 ###### all day
 ###### every day

 ###### *CHECK SCHEDULE FOR MORE INFORMATION AND MORE UPCOMING EVENTS*
 - - -
