---
source_url: http://cavalobjj.com
final_url: https://www.cavalobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:28.460Z
---

Book Your Free Trial Class
 # CAVALO JIU JITSU

 About
 ## About Cavalo BJJ
 At Cavalo BJJ, we believe that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a sport for everyone. BJJ is a ground-based martial art focused on using leverage and positions to apply submission holds against the opponent or subdue him with superior positioning. The techniques used in BJJ allow all ages and body shapes to excel in martial arts.

 Cavalo BJJ has been locally owned and operated in Columbia, MO since 2010 and we are dedicated to helping students of all ages and skill levels along their jiu jitsu journey. Our smaller class sizes ensure personalized attention and coaching. At Cavalo BJJ, members not only become training partners but also friends. We foster a family-friendly environment where it's common for multiple family members to train here.
 ​
 Our experienced instructors ensure that new students feel comfortable and confident in our classes. We focus on teaching Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu technique while building strength and conditioning in our classes.
 Join us at Cavalo BJJ and start your jiu jitsu journey today!

 Classes offered at Cavalo BJJ

 Adult Jiu Jitsu

 Fundamentals class: Perfect for beginners looking to learn the art and techniques of jiu jitsu. This class is not only a great way to get in shape, but also a fantastic opportunity to learn a new skill and gain confidence on the mat.

 All Levels : Whether you're a seasoned jiu jitsu student or just starting out, this class offers a great workout and the opportunity to learn self-defense techniques, takedowns, and submissions. Get in shape, gain valuable skills, and challenge yourself to reach new levels of strength and agility.

 Sign Up For Free Trial Class

 Youth Jiu Jitsu

 The youth program at Cavalo BJJ is a rewarding program where children learn the value of respect, attitude, and hard work. Kids will learn valuable self-defense and motor skills while gaining confidence, having fun, and getting in shape. Each class will consist of warmups, learning jiu jitsu techniques, and live rolling. Jiu Jitsu is ideal for youth and teens looking for a new hobby or a way to channel their energy.
 ​
 Youth 1: Ages 4-6
 Youth 2: Ages 7-10
 Youth 3: Ages 11-16​​ ​​

 Sign Up for Free Trial Class

 Women's Only Classes

 Join our community of strong and inspiring women at Cavalo BJJ with our Women's Only Jiu-Jitsu classes. Our classes provide a supportive and empowering environment for women of all skill levels. Here, you'll learn effective self-defense and sport jiu jitsu techniques while building confidence and strength. Whether you're experienced or just starting out, you'll find a welcoming space to grow on your jiu-jitsu journey.

 Sign Up for Free Trial Class

 ## View Gallery
