---
source_url: http://austinsubfight.com
final_url: http://austinsubfight.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:31.598Z
---

menu close menu - We are more than a simple Martial Arts School - We are here to help you with your goals - We provide an environment that supports each student - Our ultimate goal is to show people that anything can be achieved

 - Kids Jiu Jitsu Learn More - Adult Co-Ed Jiu-Jitsu Learn More - Adult Co-Ed MMA Learn More

 ## WELCOME TO AUSTIN SUBMISSION FIGHTING! ##### Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting.
 Hello friends, Professor Bryan Evans here to welcome you to Austin Submission Fighting. We offer amazing programs for everyone from all walks of life. Our Tiny Warriors and Junior Warriors programs are amazing at developing our youth both physically and mentally. Want to bully proof your child?? Then look no further. The best part for every child is that the classes are FUN!
 Our Adult Jiu Jitsu and Grappling programs will give you a total body workout while you learn essential and proven self-defense techniques that have been tested in all areas of competition, self-defense and even utilized in our military.

 Our MMA program is equally as beneficial as our Jiu Jitsu program and has successfully produced several amateur and professional fighters.
 This is just a taste, the most difficult part of any martial arts journey is that first step in the academy. I am personally inviting you pay us a visit. You will be left wondering why you did not do it sooner.
 See you on the mat,
 Professor Bryan Evans

 ## News & Updates ### We opened in a new Location 11940 Manchaca Rd #104
 Austin, TX 78748
