---
source_url: https://master-sh-yu.com/schedule/
final_url: https://www.master-sh-yu.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:12.875Z
---

## Contact Us We are the Original Home for True Martial Arts in Oak Park, IL, building a legacy of martial arts and self defense excellence since 1994.
 Phone
 ## Interested in Classes? Contact Us Today!

 First Name

 Last Name

 Email

 Phone

 Message

 spamdetect

 ## REVISED/NEW CLASS TIMES STARTING MONDAY, JANUARY 26 IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!! PLEASE NOTE! Based on 100% Parent Approval and to allow on-time arrival for our Awesome Instructors & Students, many of whom valiantly commute through traffic…
 DAYS: All Monday/Wednesday/Friday unless noted

 Type of Class | Time Children Level 1 Beginners to Early Intermediate | Mon / Wed / Fri 5:00–5:50pm Children / Youth Level 2 Intermediate (Green Belt+) and Advanced | Mon / Wed / Fri 6:00–6:50pm Adults & Teens All Levels (includes after-class review/practice time) | Mon / Wed / Fri 7:00–8:00pm Saturday Class Intermediate & Advanced Students Only (No Beginners) | Saturday 10:00–11:00am Swords Class World Haidong Gumdo / Kumdo (Separate Program) | Saturday 11:30am–12:30pm Private Lessons By Appointment | Available All Days Based on Availability
 ***The Dojhang is cleaned after every class***
 Please note: Our class schedule offers you flexibility to pursue your lifelong practice – we encourage you to take class a minimum of 2x/week, but you may come as often as you wish – create your schedule based on your other responsibilities and goals.
 We have designed an accessible and results-oriented training schedule for all students! Class Schedule/Times always subject to change based on the service to our community & students!
 Our LIVE classes proceed with strict cleaning and safety procedures. Let’s stay healthy together in our martial arts practice! It is a painless and easy way to ensure our community health and enjoy your practice in the community! IT’S IN THE CREED: “Preserve Life, Don’t Destroy!”

 ## How do I register? ### Ready to register? Here are your next steps: - Call (708) 383-3456 to make an appointment to come over to observe a class, OR just stop over during the class of interest – appointments are not necessary but are, of course, appreciated! We look forward to welcoming visitors to our center and meeting our future students! - If it seems like a good fit for us both, we will invite you to register in person or fill out the online registration application form. This process involves about 10 minutes to complete your enrollment documents and decide on a membership to meet your learning objectives. You can purchase your training uniform, and we will meet to set up your start date!
 We are happy and thankful to continue serving the community with high quality, useful, and practical martial arts instruction.
 ### Before registering, please review & be familiar with these guidelines: - We will continue private lessons based on availability every weekday and Saturday afternoons both LIVE and on Zoom, as requested; all by appointment. We are so happy to connect for training on Zoom with our out of town students! - Students, please arrive in uniform ready for class. Bring your own water/water bottle with clear ID and towel (if desired). Cubbies are installed along the North side of the building, however we encourage you to minimize bringing personal items into the dojhang. If you are sick or exhibit symptoms of illness, you will be kindly asked to return home to recover. We have installed a touchless hand-sanitizer: please use upon entry and before leaving! - Face Masks are optional for students, parents and visitors. (Instructors will continue to mask while teaching) Parents and Family Visitors are Welcome! All prospective students encouraged to call to book an appointment to visit, but it’s not mandatory. Please contact MasterWilson@Master-SH-Yu.com with any questions/concerns/suggestions. We are here for you! We are continuing to monitor occupancy /demand to guide our scheduling decisions.
 For any questions regarding this class schedule, please contact Master Wilson at 708-383-3456 or masterwilson@master-sh-yu.com. We are ready to guide you in making all your martial arts dreams come true!
