---
source_url: https://www.nexusajj.com/nexus-jiu-jitsu-schedule-fredericksburg
final_url: https://www.nexusajj.com/nexus-jiu-jitsu-schedule-fredericksburg
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:36.932Z
---

## *CLASS DESCRIPTIONS BELOW

 #### Nexus Juniors Level 1

 - Program Details A program for our most Junior members! This is the beginning of a long and extremely rewarding journey for your little ones!Ages: 4-6

 #### Nexus Juniors Level 2

 - Program Details This is a program dedicated towards the “Pre-Teen” Age Group. It is perfect for kids who are looking to learn self defense while gaining life long friends in the process.

 #### Adult Beginners Course

 - Course Details A comprehensive course designed specifically for people without any grappling experience. This course is to provide new practitioners with a slow introduction to both the self defense and sport Jiu Jitsu. No Contract Required.New students only.Mon: 7:30PM-8:30PMThurs: 7:30PM-8:30PM

 #### Jiu Jitsu 101

 - Program Details This is the next progression from the Beginners Course. This class dives deeper into the core positions and techniques of jiu jitsu, building a firm foundation. Focused mostly on drilling and positional rounds. White and Blue Belts Only.Mon: 7:30PM-8:30PM

 #### All Levels

 - Program Details This is a program for our core group of students. Ranging from White to Black belt, students who aim to be a hobbyist or a competitor will benefit from this class.Mon: 6:00PM-7:30PM (GI)Tues: 6:00PM-7:30PM (No-Gi)Wed: 6:00PM-7:30PM (GI)Fri: 6:00PM-7:30PM (GI)

 #### Open Mat

 - Program Details Unstructured training. The mats are open to all adult students and visitors! This time is used for live sparring, drilling, and questions.The round timer is on repeat and there is no specific class structure. This is a great program for new students who want more questions answered! Sun: 12:00PM-2:00PM (FREE)

 #### Competition Class

 - Program Details For those looking to push themselves a little further. This class is a higher paced class for those looking to compete. Structure is less around specific techniques and focuses more on situational rounds and competition specific scenarios. WED 7:30-8:30

 #### Leglocks

 - Program Details Our Tuesday night All levels No-GI class is often a Leglock specific class and is dedicated to learning and drilling leg lock positions and finishes. This class is heavy on drilling and positional sparring. Open to all levels.Tues: 6:00PM-7:30PM (No-Gi)

 #### Take Downs for Jiu Jitsu

 - Program Details This class focuses on stand up techniques that are best suited for the Jiu Jitsu rule set. While this class will be primarily no-gi takedowns, we will also hold Gi focused takedown classes. Open to all levels.Thurs: 6:00PM-7:30PM (No-Gi)
