---
source_url: https://www.nexusajj.com/jiu-jitsu-fredericksburg-classes
final_url: https://www.nexusajj.com/jiu-jitsu-fredericksburg-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:37.016Z
---

# OUR PROGRAMS

 TRY A FREE CLASS
 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## Nexus Juniors Program

 We currently have two Nexus Juniors programs:
 - Lv. 1 Nexus Littles Program (4-6 Y/o) - Lv. 2 Nexus Juniors Program (7-12 Y/o) - There are many benefits to kids learning Jiu Jitsu, including: - Self confidence - Socialization - Coordination + Team work - Bully ProofingThese are vital skills that will stick with them for their entire lives.Our qualified instructors will safely teach your kids the basics of Jiu Jitsu through various drills and physical games in an encouraging environment. Jiu Jitsu is a valuable and engaging after school activity!

 Claim your FREE Week
 Claim your FREE Week

 ## Adult Program

 Our Jiu Jitsu courses are designed to continue your progress with a structured curriculum taught by competent and friendly instructors. Course offerings include: All levels Gi and No Gi, Leglocks, Takedowns for Jiu Jitsu and Competition class.
 - All Levels builds off of the beginner course and helps you continue to build a strong foundation while having fun! - Advanced Classes are for our experienced practitioners interested in expanding their technical understanding of Jiu Jitsu. This class is mostly sparring and adding advanced details to current knowledge. - Take Downs for Jiu Jitsu focuses on stand up techniques that are best suited for the Jiu Jitsu rule set. While this class will be primarily no-gi takedowns, we will also hold Gi focused takedown classes. - Competition Class is the class for specifically developing your Jiu Jitsu competition skills. The goal of this program is bringing like minded and competitive individuals together to achieve success in both local and international tournaments. This class will be held weekly. - Leg Locks are an essential part of modern grappling. If you don’t know them, you’re behind. This class focuses on the leg lock positions and finishes needed to be successful in Jiu Jitsu.

 Claim your FREE Class
 Claim your FREE Class

 ## The Beginner Course

 A comprehensive course designed specifically for people without any grappling experience, including:
 - 8 classes of semi private instruction specifically tailored toward brand new students
 - FREE Training Uniform (Gi/Kimono)
 - Access to our Online Curriculum
 - Certificate of Completion
 This is a course designed to give you a safe introduction to Jiu Jitsu. Rather than the “Throw you to the wolves” mentality, our goal with this course is to provide new practitioners with a slow introduction to both the sportive and self defense aspects of Jiu Jitsu.
 When you graduate this course, you will be able to confidently handle negative social scenarios and you will be able to go into our other classes with a general understanding of Jiu Jitsu.

 Schedule your Orientation
 Schedule your Orientation

 Custom Family Memberships are Available

 Custom Family Memberships are Available

 #### Have Questions?
 #### Contact Us Below!
