---
source_url: https://www.nexusajj.com/blog/jiujitsu/avoiding-common-jiu-jitsu-injuries
final_url: https://www.nexusajj.com/blog/jiujitsu/avoiding-common-jiu-jitsu-injuries
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:37.137Z
---

# Staying Strong and Injury-Free: A Jiu-Jitsu Athlete’s Guide to Avoiding Common Injuries
 jiujitsu american jiujitsu
 Jun 14 Written By Nicholas Judy

 Hey there, fellow Jiu-Jitsu enthusiast! We all know that the world of Jiu-Jitsu is thrilling and challenging, but let's face it, injuries can be a real bummer. In this article, we're going to dive into some of the most common injuries that can happen on the mats and give you practical tips to keep yourself safe and sound. After all, we want you to enjoy your training journey to the fullest!
 # Joint Sprains and Strains: Protect Those Precious Joints Oh, those pesky joint sprains and strains! They can really put a damper on your grappling fun. The key here is to focus on maintaining proper technique and body alignment during your moves and submissions. Don't forget to strengthen those muscles around your joints with targeted exercises and conditioning drills. Let's keep those fingers, wrists, elbows, and knees happy and healthy!
 ## Shoulder Injuries: Don't Let Your Shoulders Take a Beating Shoulder injuries are like unwelcome guests that can crash your Jiu-Jitsu party. But fear not! You can show them the exit by warming up properly before training and working on strengthening your shoulder muscles. Keeping your frames tight to your body, as well as not overextending during those intense scrambles is of most importance. It's also important to be mindful of your training partners' movements and avoid any excessive force or sudden jerking motions during your rolls. Let's keep those shoulders stable and injury-free!
 ### Neck and Spine Issues: Protecting Your Precious Backbone Our necks and spines can be sensitive spots, especially during those intense takedowns, submissions, and positional battles. Good posture is your knight in shining armor here. Protect your neck and practice proper technique during throws and sweeps. Especially during inverts in back take attempts/berimbolos, and scenarios where your opponent is stacking you. The key is drilling these specific scenarios until you are competent enough to know when to bail out before your neck/spine is compromised. Additionally, strengthening your neck and core muscles through exercises like bridges and neck isometrics can give you that extra layer of defense against potential injuries. Click here to learn how to avoid injuries from the stacked position.

 #### Knee and Leg Injuries: Guarding Your Lower Limbs Our knees and legs bear the brunt of dynamic movements, transitions, and submissions in Jiu-Jitsu. To keep them happy and functioning well, focus on maintaining proper alignment and technique during takedowns, guard passes, and leg locks. Don't forget to wear knee pads or braces for added support when needed. Strengthening the muscles around your knees, like the quadriceps and hamstrings, can also provide some much-needed stability. Click here to read a more in depth article on the ins & outs with leg locks.

 #### Skin Infections: Defeating the Grappler's Nemeses

 Ah, skin infections, the unwelcome party crashers that can disrupt your training groove. Combat them with good hygiene practices! Shower immediately after training, wash your gear regularly, and keep those nails short and clean. To add an extra layer of protection, use antibacterial soap or wipes before and after your sessions. Let's keep those nasty infections at bay and focus on our technique instead! Above all else, if you ever do unfortunately get a skin infection, NEVER step on the mats and train. You risk exposing your training partners to the infection, forcing them to take time off the mats.
 As passionate Jiu-Jitsu athletes, we understand that injuries can be a setback. But by focusing on proper technique, alignment, and strengthening those muscles, we can significantly reduce the risk of common injuries. Remember, your long-term progress in Jiu-Jitsu depends on staying healthy and injury-free. So, let's prioritize safety, take care of our bodies, and keep rolling with joy and confidence on our Jiu-Jitsu journey!

 nexusajj
 Nicholas Judy

 Previous
 Previous

 Mastering Your First Jiu-Jitsu Tournament: A Comprehensive Survival Guide Next
 Next

 Unlocking the Fast Track to Jiu-Jitsu Mastery: Strategies for Accelerated Improvement
