---
source_url: http://www.hillsboroughbjj.com/programs/
final_url: https://www.hillsboroughbjj.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:52.505Z
---

## Why do men and women choose Hillsborough Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 Unlike many other types of workouts or fitness programs, Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu includes all three aspects of physical conditioning

 Muscular Development tones and builds muscle strength while improving your appearance.

 Cardiovascular Conditioning strengthens your heart and lungs while increasing your daily energy level and burning calories.

 Flexibility reduces the chance of injury and keeps you feeling young and agile.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a devastating fighting and grappling art developed by the Gracie Family of Brazil. While it contains many stand-up throws, take downs and self-defense techniques that can finish a fight, it is most famous for its extremely effective ground fighting techniques. This Martial Art was developed to allow the smaller person to defeat the larger person through the application of leverage and submission holds such as joint locks and chokes. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a versatile Martial Art. Its varied applications include a realistic self-defense system, a complete sport, a proven fighting style and a fun and healthy recreational activity. Because its versatility, it is quickly becoming one of the most popular Martial Arts in the world today.

 ## Submission Grappling

 Submission Grappling is one of the main components of Mixed Martial Arts and encompasses the ground fighting aspects of the sport. Grappling is easily the largest of the MMA sports combined in consideration of participants. It combines the powerful throws of Olympic Judo competitors, the stealth-like takedowns of Greco-Roman/Freestyle Wrestlers, the slick Leg Lock attacks of Russian Sambo specialists, and the Snake-like submission skills of a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu fighter.

 ## Kids Program

 Fast-paced, fun-filled classes are approximately 50 minutes long. The key is the emphasis on advancement and growth based on each child’s individual pace. Classes become more challenging as each child demonstrates the readiness to accept more complex skills. Children will begin to grasp the concept of self discipline as they achieve goals. When he/she tackles more difficult goals, the self-confidence grows and serves as a strong foundation in all aspects of life, including academics, sports, arts and socially as well. Your child will have fun while learning developmental skills, all within a safe, healthy and exciting environment. Our program works unlike any other children’s activity simply because it has the perfect blend of fun and learning.

 Ready to Get Started?Book your FREE class today!Let's GoBook your FREE class today!
