---
source_url: http://www.hillsboroughbjj.com
final_url: https://www.hillsboroughbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:54.395Z
---

## Welcome to Hillsborough BJJUNLEASH YOUR GREATNESS

 At Hillsborough BJJ , our mission is simple, we teach the art of Jiu-Jitsu to anyone who wants to learn, with the overarching goal of improving physical health and mental wellness. We make it our priority to help you accomplish all of your fitness goals. Our instructors personalize every class to meet the needs of each individual. We believe that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is much more than just a martial art or self-defense system. Our classes will help you build confidence, develop a positive attitude, and instill lessons that are applicable in every aspect of your life. Men, women, and children can all benefit greatly from beginning their journey at our academy.
 Do not be afraid to try us out! If you're not in shape, we will get you in shape. If you are in shape, you will get into better shape. Don't pass up this opportunity to enhance your life with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We are located conveniently in Hillsborough, NJ.

 SUBMIT YOUR EGOTry a class with us and see what we are all about!SUBMIT YOUR EGOWe are offering you a FREE class to get started with us

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Brazilian
 Jiu-Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a devastating fighting and grappling art developed by the Gracie Family of Brazil. While it contains many ...

 Learn More

 # Submission Grappling

 Submission
 Grappling
 Submission Grappling is one of the main components of Mixed Martial Arts and encompasses the ground fighting aspects of...

 Learn More

 # KidsProgram

 Kids
 Program
 Fast-paced, fun-filled classes are approximately 50 minutes long. The key is the emphasis on advancement and growth based...

 Learn More

 ## WHY CHOOSE US

 0
 Classes per week

 0
 Affiliations

 $ -200
 First class is free

 0 %
 Results

 ## OUR WORLD CLASS INSTRUCTORS

 - Henry RzemieniewskiBlack Belt Competitor - Josef "Ze Cobra" ManuelProfessor Black Belt 3rd Degree

 ## leaving a markbecause we care

 Henry and I rolled back from the beginning. Stop by and see why he is such a positive, friendly, and professional person. He combines great jiu-jitsu with a winning attitude and patient coaching. You can count on Professor Henry. If you are in the area, come see him. You won't be sorry! Todd Freeman

 Amazing group of people! Highly highly recommend to anyone looking for a place to train. Focus greatly on individual advancement.
 Looking to train hard and make a difference in your performance and technique? This is your place! Christian Monyer

 If you want to be a Lion, you must train with Lions...HILLSBOROUGH BJJ

 ## ScheduleREGULAR Classes

 Monday BJJ - GI | 5 am - 6:15 am | Coach Henry BJJ - Fundamentals (open mat) | 8 pm - 10 pm | Open Mat | |

 Tuesday BJJ - GI | 8 pm - 10 pm | Coach Henry | |

 Wednesday | | | |

 Thursday BJJ - NO GI | 5 am - 6:15 am | Coach Henry BJJ - GI/NO GI | 8 pm - 10 pm | Coach Henry | |

 Friday BJJ - GI - Kids | 6 pm - 7 pm | Coach Henry | |

 Saturday BJJ - GI | 6 am - 8 am | Coach Henry BJJ - GI - Kids | 8 am - 9 am | Coach Henry | |

 Sunday | | | |

 # START NOW AND MEET YOUR GOALS

 From beginners to experienced upper belts, we train you to realize your potential. As a student, you’re looked upon as an individual and will never be compared to another. You don’t need to be in the best shape of your life, and no prior experience is necessary. All you need is the right attitude and the desires to do your best and leave the rest to us. Your success begins with your willingness to try.
 Join Now
