---
source_url: http://www.gjjcabot.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
final_url: https://gjjcabot.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:27.571Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes In Cabot

 ## Your Home For High-Quality Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Training At Cabot Jiu Jitsu Academy and Fitness, we maintain the highest quality instruction around - and we can't wait for you to see it firsthand.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes offer the perfect intersection of self-defense and fitness conditioning. This full-gi training is designed to keep your body guessing week in and week out with ground-based grappling instruction and high-energy workouts.
 Join us in Cabot today and change the way you train. Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started!
 ## Professional Brazilian Jiu Jitsu For Everyone In Cabot With us, you don't need to be a pro to enjoy high-level instruction. In fact, you don't need any experience at all. Our classes are designed to meet you where you are and help you learn the skill one step at a time.
 Whether you're completely new to the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or you've been training for years, we're ready to keep you challenged and motivated like never before.
 Join us at Cabot Jiu Jitsu Academy and Fitness for:
 - Effective takedowns and ground-based control strategies - The best timing, leverage, and technique from any position - Improved situational awareness in competition or real-world settings - Incredible submission strategies for an opponent of any size
 ## From Day One, You'll See Results Across Your Entire Body Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is unique because it essentially takes size and strength out of the equation, relying instead on technique and leverage to help you come out on top.
 But that doesn't mean you won't challenge your body with our training. We're here to help you get in shape and stay motivated to give it your all.
 Our instructors at Cabot Jiu Jitsu Academy and Fitness used scaled exercises and controlled sparring to challenge every muscle in your body. And as you focus on the details of your skillset, you won't even realize how hard you're working.
 With us, men and women of all experience levels can:
 - Burn fat and build lean muscles - Gain speed, strength, and agility - Improve your cardiovascular endurance - Stay prepared for anything life throws your way
 ## Make The Move Today! We're Proud To Serve Everyone In Cabot With Quality Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Instruction Get more from your workout routine and take on effective self-defense skills at the same time! Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Cabot are perfect for beginners and experienced fighters alike.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more about everything we have to offer at Gracie Jiu Jitsu Cabot.
 ## Mike Braswell Mike is the Owner and Lead Instructor at Bossier Jiu-Jitsu. He is a Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt under 3rd Degree Black Belt Professor Allen Hopkins. His training in martial arts Began in 1999 and in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in 2003. In 2006, Mike dedicated his full time and devotion to Jiu-Jitsu and started assisting as an instructor. From 2006-2010, he was active in MMA and as a professional from 2007-2010 fighting on Bellator 9 and 18. Mike has also competed at many Jiu-Jitsu tournaments and is a former Louisiana, Texas, and Arkansas State Champion. Mike holds a Master's degree in Exercise Physiology and is a Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialists (CSCS) through the National Strength and Conditioning Association (NSCA).

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - -

 ## Request information

 Thrilled to have a Gracie gym nearby. The no-nonsense training for my 7-year-old son is a beautiful thing. Great to see the kids fall into an exercise routine, learn techniques and get hands on. Firm fair and consistent. My son feeds on the discipline and reward system.

 Very experienced, patient and professional Instructors. I have myself and my son in the class and we both enjoy a safe and effective self defense environment.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
