---
source_url: http://www.gjjcabot.com
final_url: https://gjjcabot.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:28.196Z
---

Join Us In Cabot Today For Better Fitness, Self-Defense, And More! # Comprehensive Jiu Jitsu Training For All Ages And Abilities Request more information

 Proudly Serving Cabot And Beyond! ## Making Your Goals A Reality One Step At A Time Welcome to Gracie Jiu Jitsu Cabot, a proud member of the Pedro Sauer Association. Under Master Pedro Sauer, we are committed to maintaining that professional quality in everything we do . We are proud to offer effective teaching of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu and upholding the highest standards and expectations. Our program is centered on Self-Defense and includes conditioning, technique, and sparring. The curriculum is designed to ease the student into the training regimen and applications of technique. Check it out for yourself! Just fill out the short form on the bottom your screen to get started today !

 - -

 Our Location ## Cabot View Our Location

 Thrilled to have a Gracie gym nearby. The no-nonsense training for my 7-year-old son is a beautiful thing. Great to see the kids fall into an exercise routine, learn techniques and get hands on. Firm fair and consistent. My son feeds on the discipline and reward system.
 #### Irene R.

 Very experienced, patient and professional Instructors. I have myself and my son in the class and we both enjoy a safe and effective self defense environment.
 #### Danjaal P.

 Get Started Today! ## Request More Information

 Thrilled to have a Gracie gym nearby. The no-nonsense training for my 7-year-old son is a beautiful thing. Great to see the kids fall into an exercise routine, learn techniques and get hands on. Firm fair and consistent. My son feeds on the discipline and reward system.

 Very experienced, patient and professional Instructors. I have myself and my son in the class and we both enjoy a safe and effective self defense environment.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
