---
source_url: http://darkhavenstudio.com/classes
final_url: https://www.darkhavenstudio.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:11.159Z
---

Scroll

 # classes & schedule

 ## All Levels Jiu Jitsu Fundamental grappling concepts and techniques. Live situational sparring to work newly learned techniques in live training with training partners. Live rounds. Everything one needs to sharpen their skills on the mats!
 ## Youth Grappling: Gi & No Gi Our Youth Grappling class will instill self-confidence and increase self-esteem in your child while learning the basics of self defense from a wrestling and jiu jitsu. Our Youth Grappling class trains in the gi two times per week and no-gi two times. The class structure includes technique focus and gameplay learning (ecological approach) as well. (Ages 6-13)
 ## Wrestling for Jiu Jitsu This class is led by lifetime wrestler and grappler, Daimon Altamirano. Daimon has wrestled since he was five years old predominantly at 505 Wrestling in Albuquerque and is a purple belt under Jose Barraza. This high-paced class focuses on takedowns and gaining the advantage in scrambles while being aware of the additional dangers present when jiu jitsu is present. Whether you are a long-time wrestler looking to integrate jiu jitsu & MMA into your game or a jiu jitsu player looking to level up your wrestling, this class will be very beneficial.

 ## No Gi Jiu Jitsu This class is led by first degree black belt Jose Barraza. Every class begins with a warm-up, drilling takedowns, and then progresses to submissions and additional transition options. The last 30-minutes of class are dedicated to live rolling from standing.
 ## Gi Jiu Jitsu This class is led by first degree black belt Jose Barraza. Every class begins with a warm-up, drilling takedowns (oftentimes judo-focused), and then progresses to submissions and additional transition options. Live positional rolling or free rolls bring the class to a close.
 ## Striking This class includes a blend of boxing, kickboxing, and muay thai. Dutch (Holland) drills, bag work, mitts, kick pads, and footwork drills will all be implemented. Over time, light sparring will also be added into the class structure with a focus on timing and skill-development. Twelve or 16 ounce boxing gloves and shin guards are recommended.
