---
source_url: http://rocksteadymesa.com
final_url: https://rocksteadymesa.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:32.436Z
---

# WELCOME TO ROCK STEADY BOXING MESA! WELCOME TO ROCK STEADY BOXING MESA! WELCOME TO ROCK STEADY BOXING MESA! WELCOME TO ROCK STEADY BOXING MESA!

 Learn More

 ## APRIL IS PARKINSON'S AWARENESS MONTH! Your donation helps us meet our goals to improve our facility, as well as increase the quality of life for those fighting Parkinson's disease! Remember, we are a nonprofit [501(c)(3)] so your donation is tax deductible!
 EVERY DONATION WILL HELP SUPPORT ROCK STEADY BOXING MESA'S DAY-TO-DAY OPERATIONS. THANK YOU FOR GIVING GENEROUSLY!

 DONATE HERE!

 ## Events
 ### 04/17/2026

 #### April Social Night #### 5:00 pm #### - #### 7:00 pm

 The Gym: 323 N Gilbert Rd, MESA, AZ 85203
 Event Details

 ### 04/17/2026

 #### April Social Night Come and join us for good food, great friendships and lots of fun! We provide the pizza; you bring a favorite snack, side dish or dessert - ...

 Event Details

 #### 5:00 pm #### - #### 7:00 pm

 The Gym: 323 N Gilbert Rd, MESA, AZ 85203

 ### 05/15/2026

 #### May Social Night #### 5:00 pm #### - #### 7:00 pm

 The Gym: 323 N Gilbert Rd, MESA, AZ 85203
 Event Details

 ### 05/15/2026

 #### May Social Night Come and join us for good food, great friendships and lots of fun! We provide the pizza; you bring a favorite snack, side dish or dessert - ...

 Event Details

 #### 5:00 pm #### - #### 7:00 pm

 The Gym: 323 N Gilbert Rd, MESA, AZ 85203

 ## Our RSBMesa Blog

 ## DONATE HERE Through your support we can keep our Parkinson's therapy gym open year-round - increasing our boxer's quality of life, improving our facilities and paying for day-to-day expenses. Any amount you donate is appreciated. Remember, we are a non-profit organization, so your donation is tax deductible!

 THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT!

 ## Join Rock Steady Boxing Mesa GYM Today #### Rock Steady Boxing Mesa Classes We are currently open Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Check out our plans here .

 - Classes held at: - 8:30 am (open) - 10:00 am (open) - 11:30 am (open) - 1:00 pm (open) - Even if a class is full, if that is the only time you can attend that day, we'll make room for you! But we encourage you to go to the class agreed upon, just to make things easier on everyone.

 Our virtual (Zoom) class is Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8:30 am MST (Phoenix). Contact us for more information and registration. Call 480.926.3887 (ask for Tom)

 #### Donate Today Your donation can make a difference in the lives of boxers in need. Help us improve the quality of life for those fighting against Parkinson's disease!

 Donate Now

 ## RSBM ONLINE store

 ## Subscribe to our NEWSLETTER! Receive our monthly newsletter and emails by filling out the box below. Join us and keep informed!
 Email

 Subscribe

 ## Video #### Hand Tremor Exercises Exercises to help strengthen arms and hands to reduce tremors.

 #### Coming Soon! Stretching Routine

 #### In the News How Boxing Helps People Knock Out Parkinson's Disease

 ## Photo Gallery
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Contact Us #### Better yet, come see us in person! We love all our boxers, so feel free to visit during open class hours. The first class is free - come and join us!
 (Please remember Rock Steady Boxing Mesa is for Parkinson's Disease / Movement Disorder therapy.)* We are located on the corner of Gilbert and University next to Petco in MESA, AZ

 #### Rock Steady Boxing Mesa NFP 323 North Gilbert Road, #112-113, MESA, Arizona 85203, United States
 Phone: 480-926-3887 Email: info@rocksteadymesa.com or admin@rocksteadymesa.com

 #### Days and Hours* Open today | 08:15 am – 02:30 pm |

 We are currently open Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Check out our fitness plans here .
 Classes at:
 8:30 am
 10:00 am
 11:30 am
 1:00 pm

 Our virtual (Zoom) class is Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8:30 am MST (Phoenix). See above for more information and registration.

 *Yes! We have an amateur boxing coach! For regular boxing training, please contact Donnel Leon: 781.985.1881 for more information.

 ### Our Partners

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
