---
source_url: http://10thplanetsantafe.com
final_url: https://10thplanetsantafe.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:32.662Z
---

# Master No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu With World Class Coaching at 10th Planet Santa Fe

 ## Join our world-class coaches for adults and kids’ classes. Start with a FREE trial!

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL

 View Schedule

 ## Feel The 10th Planet Santa Fe Vibe

 ## What Our Students Say

 Best Jiu Jitsu in Santa Fe - I’m a black belt and recent transplant from Los Angeles where top notch gyms are everywhere. While I’ve always trained both gi and no gi, the instruction and level of training here far out weighs my desire for gi classes. No kool-aid, no mandatory house gear to purchase, just good vibes and great instruction. professors Ruben and Jennifer are super welcoming, great instructors, and their passion for the sport shows. I’ll be training here for the foreseeable future!

 Charlie Jiu Jitsu Black Belt

 My son started at 10th Planet Santa Fe about a year and a half ago. We had a lot of big life transitions going on at that point and the coaches there provided such a tremendous positive experience for him--structure, fun, discipline, and camaraderie. It really helped him through the transition. It's been an excellent period of time for him and I'm very grateful that we found them.

 Nikaela Mandel Parent

 Ruben and Jen are wold class humans and phenomenal coaches. I’m new to the sport so I appreciate how techniques are broken down and how the classes are structured. Everyone there has been very respectful and made it easy to be a beginner. 10th planet Santa Fe has been an incredibly supportive and encouraging environment to learn in. I love training here and highly recommend it to anyone who is curious!

 Meredith Sherman Member

 Cutting-edge techniques for adults and anti-bullying for the little ninjas.
 Tucked off Cerrillos Rd and Baca St. it’s easy to hit no matter where you live in Santa Fe.
 Free Trial To Kick Off Your Journey.
 Roll through, Level Up – That’s our promise

 # OUR PROGRAMS

 ### Full body workout

 Jiu Jitsu uses every single part of your body – which means every time you come to class, you get a true full-body workout.

 ### Functional self-defense

 Feel confident in your ability to protect yourself and your loved ones.

 ### CONFIDENCE booster

 Your life will be changed forever. People will take notice, treat you differently and wonder what changed that turned you into such a confident individual.

 ## WHAT OTHERSARE SAYING...

 ###### TESTIMONIALS

 INVEST IN YOURSELF

 # START YOURMARTIAL ARTSJOURNEY TODAY

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL

 10thplanetsantafe
 We’re In The Business of Changing Lives
 Women’s jiu jitsu class every Monday @5:30pm!
@cu

 2025 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu Santa Fe/ Bang Muay Tha

 HOLIDAY SCHEDULE 2025
We will be having regular c

 Turkey Rolls for Thursday, November 27th
Thanksgiv

 Happy Veterans Day! Tomorrow Tuesday Nov 11th we w

 We love this community! @10thplanetsantafe

 Women’s Jiu Jitsu Class 💖
.
Every Monday @5:30pm

 Kings 👑 and Queens 👑
•
📸 @colinbridge

 Tuesday Gym Flow 🔥
.
#flyingarmbars #jiujitsu #tu

 Tuesday

 🔥👑 Women’s Class 👑🔥

 Gi Sunday @10thplanetsantafe
.
#phalanxfamily #ph

 We hope everyone is enjoying their Labor Day weeke

 Just a Monday night @10thplanetsantafe
.
📸 @colinb

 Last nights all Women’s Jiu Jitsu Class 🔥
Every Mo

 Wednesday Schedule 🔥 @10thplanetsantafe

Adults L

 You never regret showing up. Its Wednesday! Come t

 Just a regular ole Tuesday night @10thplanetsantaf

 This is the way. 🖤⚔️
The Mandalorian @taitfletcher

 @phalanx_customs killed it with our schools new ge

 Load More Follow on Instagram
