---
source_url: https://www.oceanstatestudiosbjj.com
final_url: https://www.oceanstatestudiosbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:01.550Z
---

Scroll

 Sign Up Here

 ## Ocean State Studios ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Class Schedule

 ## Ocean State Studios BJJ Mission Ocean State Studios BJJ was founded to spread the Jiu Jitsu lifestyle and make a positive impact on the community.
 OSSBJJ welcomes Jiu Jitsu practitioners from all affiliations to roll through and train with good vibes.

 ## About Ocean State Studios BJJ Lineage: Mitsuyo Maeda > Carlos Gracie Sr. > Helio Gracie > Carlos Gracie Jr. > Carlos Machado > Tim Burrill > James Connor
 In sessions we focus on developing the cleanest technique, balance, Breath work, coordination, and flow.
 OSSBJJ class discussions effectively break down, analyze, and interpret the geometry and philosophies that connect the maneuvers to each other, to Nature, & to every person on the mat.

 ## “It’s your road and yours alone. Others can walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you.” - Miyamoto Musashi

 ## What is Gracie/Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? described by Grandmaster Helio Gracie as the triumph of human intelligence over brute strength, Gracie/Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is the science and art of control that leads to submission.
 Both a martial art and a combat sport, GJJ/BJJ focuses on the skill of taking an aggressor/opponent to the ground, gaining control via dominant position, and using leverage-based submission techniques to effectively end the conflict by negotiating the peaceful surrender.
 GJJ/BJJ revolves around the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend him/herself against a larger, stronger individual.
 Designed to empower the weak against the strong, there are no physical prerequisites to begin your journey. You don’t need to get in shape to learn Jiu Jitsu; you do Jiu Jitsu to get in shape!
 ##

 # Ready to Join:

 Sign Up Now:
