---
source_url: http://tabsbjj.com
final_url: https://tabsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:23.954Z
---

Home asapwellmind 2025-11-12T11:31:04+00:00 # High level Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with incredible culture
 Find out why we're the fastest growing academy in Colorado Springs

 Get your free class today!

 ## What are the Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Health

 BJJ keeps you in fantastic shape by increasing your flexibility, strength, endurance, cardio and mental health, all while having more fun than a traditional gym workout!

 Self-Defense

 None of us ever want to be in a self defense situation but being ready for one is a wise move. BJJ uses skeletal leverage to allow a smaller person to overpower a larger opponent.

 Confidence

 Confidence can affect everything we do. Becoming better at BJJ can manifest itself as higher levels of confidence in our daily lives and actions.

 Community

 The Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu community is a special one. Sharing the mats with our fellow practitioners creates a bond that transcends many of the traditional relationships we have with people.

 ## High level Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with incredible culture

 ##### Adult BJJ
 Our adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program has high level black belts teaching the cutting edge of the competition oriented game.

 ##### Kids BJJ
 Our kids Brazilian-Jiu Jitsu program has the best kid's coach in the state! Full of fun games, important lessons and a great workout!

 ##### Women's BJJ
 Our women's program is led by the elite Mo Black, one of the country's top competitors.

 #####

 ## Step 1
 Schedule Your Free Trial

 We can tell you all about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu but we'd rather show you!

 ## Step 2
 Come In & Try Your Class

 Your free trial class will get you on the mats getting the very best instruction in the area.

 ## Step 3
 Start Your BJJ Journey!

 You've tried it, loved it and are ready to take the next step on your voyage!

 Schedule your Free Trial!

 Hear what our members have to say:

 Great gym, great coaches! Can’t wait to train there again when I’m back in town.

 ~ Brian B.

 Love that they have a women’s instructor. And one of the most talented female competitors, Mo Black teaching.

 ~ Rebecca R.

 I've been searching for an academy to train at for a long time that makes me feel like family....I've found it!

 ~ John H.
