---
source_url: http://www.zoobjj.com
final_url: https://zoobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:57.724Z
---

# Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Jiu Jitsu For Everyone Start Today

 #### Welcome! ## Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Missoula, Montana is a family united by a love for BJJ. We come from all sorts of backgrounds to train and build friendships. Regardless of your age or experience level, you’ll find a community of passionate peers at our Jiu Jitsu academy. We firmly believe martial arts offer something for everyone, regardless of goals. Whether you discover your competitive spirit or a knack for grappling, you’ll find what you need on and off the mat. Come join the fun at Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu today!

 ## Free Week Trial! Zoo BJJ invites you to experience our world-class training with a Free Trial Week!

 Learn More!
 ##### Free Trial Week! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Special Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu provides an inclusive and welcoming environment for all individuals. From the moment you step into our gym you’ll begin to blossom into a confident martial artist. BJJ classes will build your character, power, and mental toughness – all while having fun! Our training curriculum will teach you how to leverage your strengths in various scenarios so you can live life with more confidence. The challenges you’ll face will seem minuscule thanks to the lessons learned at Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Martial arts is a step towards personal improvement and self-defense skills for everyone.
 #### Our History: Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu was established in 2015 under Robert Brown and quickly grew into a tight knit family of martial artists. Eventually Robert went on to establish another academy and left the school in Jen Greenwald’s hands. She had previously discovered BJJ when she sought a competitive, lifelong activity to participate in after college. Jen slowly stepped into her new role at Zoo with the desire to keep the community together. She had developed strong friendships through Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and was determined to build on that aspect.
 Learn More!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Inclusive Regardless of your background, age, or physical stature you’ll be welcomed by Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to become a better version of yourself.

 ##### Confidence Martial arts help you find your voice and build leadership skills. You’ll be able to live life with vigor.

 ##### Positivity Your peers and instructors will uplift you. You’ll always have support for your accomplishments, goals, and growth!

 ##### Friendship BJJ classes bring you closer to your peers through grappling and teamwork.

 ##### Resilience At Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu we believe you can accomplish anything with perseverance and hard work. Training will make you stronger in all aspects!

 #####

 ## Check Out What We've Been Up To!

 ## What People Are Saying...

 I brought both of my kids to train with Bob Brown as soon as each of them turned three years old!

 Patrick Archie , Google

 I feel lucky to have him and all the people training in our lives. Come check it out for yourself and join the family!

 Gus Seward , Google

 If your looking for a place to train Jiu Jitsu, definitely check out Zoo BJJ.

 Josh Rader , Google

 I've been to a few gyms around town but Zoo BJJ is by far the BEST Missoula gym to train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu at for all levels.

 Hannah Shelley , Google

 I recommend Zoo BJJ to everyone interested in the Missoula area!

 Jacob Foster , Google

 It is clear that everyone there wants to learn and improve AND help others to do the same.

 Holly Barker , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your Jiu Jitsu journey!

 (406) 229-1332
 info@zoobjj.com
 1521 Cooper St., Missoula, MT 59802
 Get Directions

 ### Zoo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 1521 Cooper St., Missoula, MT 59802
 Get Directions
