---
source_url: http://www.factoryxmuaythai.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://factoryxmuaythai.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:15.815Z
---

# Englewood Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Factory X Muay Thai. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Fun and Safe Jiu-Jitsu for Kids in Englewood At Factory X in Englewood, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program teaches students the basics of Jiu-Jitsu in a fun, non-sparring environment. We guarantee your child will learn the appropriate moves and techniques of Jiu-Jitsu in a safe atmosphere.
 Our world-class instructors are dedicated to your child's success and will do anything to make sure they meet their goals. Kids Jiu Jitsu in Denver will teach your child the life lessons of respect, self-discipline, and hard work. And the best part? You get a piece of mind knowing your child is learning rock solid self-defense moves that will prepare them for anything.
 ## The Perfect Activity for Active Kids Give your child the opportunity to stand out and shine in a new activity! They will love learning the lightning fast kicks, punches, and jabs that Jiu-Jitsu has to offer. Kids Jiu Jitsu in Denver is for kids of all ages and fitness levels; all are welcome and encouraged to enroll! Your child will feel a part of a close-knit community with new friendships and mentor relationships.
 On top of great physical activity and gaining mental toughness, your child will reap tons of other benefits of Kids Jiu Jitsu. Below are just a few:
 - Improved focus and attention in school - Improved self-confidence and esteem - Improved social skills - Decrease in stress levels - And so much more!
 ## Sign Your Child Up Today! All you have to do is fill out the short form on the right side of this page to request more information, and we will take care of the rest. We look forward to hearing from you soon and can't wait to start working with your child.

 There's no way I could more highly recommend a place than this. Top caliber coaches top caliber Jim Topp caliber team, this place stands above the rest. If you are serious want to be serious or just want to have fun this gym has something for you. Great family friendly environment with tons of positive role models. Must try.

 Sick facility with AMAZING talent here. Full of UFC, Strikeforce, & Bellator vets. Kru Montoya's record and 2012 Coach of the Year award speak for themselves. JJ Pugsly is an excellent Jiu Jitsu Professor and the team is a bunch of hard core Mo-Fo's. American Olympians for wrestling coaches? Seriously? Even the youth program is taught by a former TUF contestant, current CO Pro and pretty cool dude. From self-defense to World Champions and everything in between, this place is no joke. As a former fight teamer at the Factory, I speak from experience. Just don't feel too bad when Marc's wife smashes you in CrossFit (she will).

 Our son started here about 2 months ago in BJJ classes, and he loves it! Chase is his regular instructor and does a phenomenal job with the younger kids, giving equal attention and training to each kid while maintaining overall class control and fun.
 It's also cool for adults, and to have the kids be training near adults so they can see the potential of the training and discipline is awesome.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
