---
source_url: http://www.factoryxmuaythai.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://factoryxmuaythai.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:16.148Z
---

# Englewood Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Factory X Muay Thai. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Master The Art Of BJJ At Factory X Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a proven grappling system that empowers individuals of all sizes to defend themselves through leverage, technique, and strategic thinking. Combining the takedown and clinch expertise of wrestling with the ground fighting mastery of BJJ, our program offers a comprehensive approach to mixed martial arts. Focusing on ground control and submission holds, BJJ levels the playing field, allowing smaller practitioners to overcome larger opponents.
 At Factory X in Englewood, we offer world-class BJJ instruction for both kids and adults. Our comprehensive program caters to beginners and advanced students alike, providing a safe and supportive environment to learn and grow. Experience the thrill of mastering BJJ with our expert coaches who bring a wealth of wrestling and submission grappling experience.
 ## Take Your Training to the Next Level Get ready to push your limits and unlock your full potential with our BJJ classes. Experience a workout unlike any other that will sculpt your body, sharpen your mind, and boost your confidence. Our expert instruction will equip you with powerful takedown defense techniques while you shed excess weight and build lean muscle.
 But, our students also experience results that go beyond gains in strength, flexibility, fitness, or self-defense skills. Below are just a few of the added benefits you will receive:
 - Increase in self-confidence - Improved body awareness and movement - Decrease in daily stressors - Improved sleep, while also giving you more energy throughout the day - And so much more!
 ## Sign Up Today! If you are interested in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Wrestling, or MMA in the Denver area, simply is fill out the short form below. We will be in contact soon, and can't wait to see you on the mat!

 There's no way I could more highly recommend a place than this. Top caliber coaches top caliber Jim Topp caliber team, this place stands above the rest. If you are serious want to be serious or just want to have fun this gym has something for you. Great family friendly environment with tons of positive role models. Must try.

 Sick facility with AMAZING talent here. Full of UFC, Strikeforce, & Bellator vets. Kru Montoya's record and 2012 Coach of the Year award speak for themselves. JJ Pugsly is an excellent Jiu Jitsu Professor and the team is a bunch of hard core Mo-Fo's. American Olympians for wrestling coaches? Seriously? Even the youth program is taught by a former TUF contestant, current CO Pro and pretty cool dude. From self-defense to World Champions and everything in between, this place is no joke. As a former fight teamer at the Factory, I speak from experience. Just don't feel too bad when Marc's wife smashes you in CrossFit (she will).

 Our son started here about 2 months ago in BJJ classes, and he loves it! Chase is his regular instructor and does a phenomenal job with the younger kids, giving equal attention and training to each kid while maintaining overall class control and fun.
 It's also cool for adults, and to have the kids be training near adults so they can see the potential of the training and discipline is awesome.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
