---
source_url: http://www.factoryxmuaythai.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://factoryxmuaythai.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:16.481Z
---

# Factory X Muay Thai Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Factory X Muay Thai. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 There's no way I could more highly recommend a place than this. Top caliber coaches top caliber Jim Topp caliber team, this place stands above the rest. If you are serious want to be serious or just want to have fun this gym has something for you. Great family friendly environment with tons of positive role models. Must try.

 Sick facility with AMAZING talent here. Full of UFC, Strikeforce, & Bellator vets. Kru Montoya's record and 2012 Coach of the Year award speak for themselves. JJ Pugsly is an excellent Jiu Jitsu Professor and the team is a bunch of hard core Mo-Fo's. American Olympians for wrestling coaches? Seriously? Even the youth program is taught by a former TUF contestant, current CO Pro and pretty cool dude. From self-defense to World Champions and everything in between, this place is no joke. As a former fight teamer at the Factory, I speak from experience. Just don't feel too bad when Marc's wife smashes you in CrossFit (she will).

 Our son started here about 2 months ago in BJJ classes, and he loves it! Chase is his regular instructor and does a phenomenal job with the younger kids, giving equal attention and training to each kid while maintaining overall class control and fun.
 It's also cool for adults, and to have the kids be training near adults so they can see the potential of the training and discipline is awesome.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
