---
source_url: http://www.sheridanbjj.com
final_url: https://www.sheridanbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:24.526Z
---

Learn More AbourMen's group one spot left - may WOMEN'S ONLY BEGINNER BOOT CAMP - closes when full!
 ## OUR CORE VALUES

 ## OUR CORE VALUES
 Be Consistent • Have Fun • Learn, Grow, & Improve • Be Respectful & Humble • Be Grateful • Focus on Sustainability

 ## Sense of community

 ## Sense of community
 Our academy fosters a supportive community atmosphere where students encourage and motivate each other.

 ## Self-defense skills

 ## Self-defense skills
 Learning Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques provides valuable self-defense skills that can be used in real-life situations.

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Fitness Routine that Works for You

 Become a member

 Adult Brazilian Jiu JitsuOur Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program at Sheridan Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offers comprehensive training for all skill levels, focusing on technique, strategy, and physical fitness.Learn More About Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Youth Brazilian Jiu JitsuOur Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program at Sheridan Brazilian Jiu Jitsu provides young practitioners with a fun and safe environment to learn discipline, self-defense, and confidence.Learn More About Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 4-Week Beginner Boot CampTaught by Professor Marco Hurtado, learn the different positions in BJJ, the concepts of those positions, and the execution of defenses/sweeps/submissions.Learn More About our beginner Boot Camp

 ## Are you ready to have fun while learning to defend yourself?
 Schedule Your Free Trial

 Adult Brazilian Jiu JitsuOur Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program at Sheridan Brazilian Jiu Jitsu offers comprehensive training for all skill levels, focusing on technique, strategy, and physical fitness.Learn More About Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Youth Brazilian Jiu JitsuOur Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program at Sheridan Brazilian Jiu Jitsu provides young practitioners with a fun and safe environment to learn discipline, self-defense, and confidence.Learn More About Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 4-Week Beginner Boot CampTaught by Professor Marco Hurtado, learn the different positions in BJJ, the concepts of those positions, and the execution of defenses/sweeps/submissions.Learn More About our beginner Boot Camp

 ## Getting Started Is Easy
 1

 ### get started
 "Courage" To begin your journey with us, simply sign up for one of our boot camps that run four times a year or sign up for a trial class. No prior experience is required; we welcome beginners.

 2

 ### Develop a plan
 "Vision" Pick two times a week (max.) to commit to and train. More is not better. Plan your health goals first each week to make sure you show up as your best self in life. Whether it's mastering a specific technique, improving fitness levels, or competing, create your roadmap to help you achieve success.

 3

 ### Be Consistent
 "Community Support" Work to create consistency around your class times by pre-planning the week before and sharing that with your teammates and academy professor. Join our mentor program if you want more support. Completion of 25 classes and curriculum requirements gets you to your first stripe.

 ## Everything You Need To Crush Your Fitness Goals

 ### Changing Rooms and Showers for Before + After Workouts

 ### Mentor Program for Beginners

 ### Outdoor BJJ Training Area

 ### Focus on Sustainability through Cleanliness & Safety

 ### Members Only App

 ### 6am, Noon, and Evening Classes Every Day for Adults

 ## do you want to be part of A community that will keep you inspired?
 Our mission is to create a fun and safe environment "sustainability" where people of all ages and skill levels "fun" can learn and grow in their lives "learn, grow, and improve" through the sport of BrazilianJiu-Jitsu. We provide motivated people of all ages and fitness levels with exceptional instruction led by a team of experienced black belts "consistency". Our training improves your physical, mental, and emotional well-being "gratitude". We offer a welcoming, values-focused community in which practitioners experience improvements to their physical and emotional well-being—both on and off the mat. We lead with our core values "respectfulness", cultivating a welcoming and fun atmosphere, and treating every student as an individual. ‍

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Conveniently located off I-78 (near millburn)
 ### 863 Valley Street, Vauxhall, NJ 07088

 get directions

 Training Jiu Jitsu isn't always easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Sheridan Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is located and easily accessible from all of Vauxhall.

 Vauxhall

 ## DO YOU WANT TO REALLY UNDERSTAND WHO WE ARE? READ OUR REVIEWS

 ## Questions? We have the answers!
 Still curious? Email us at sheridanbjj@gmail.com

 How do I sign up for a free trial class?

 Click the link above or on our Free Trials page to schedule!

 What is the minimum age requirement to join your Jiu Jitsu school?

 We have minimum age requirements for each program as follows: Little Samurai program is for 5-7 year olds. Junior program is for 8-12 year olds. Teen program begins at 13 and runs through ages 16-18 (depending on skill level.) Adult program runs from ages 16-18 through 92! This is the age when Hélio Gracie, our founder, had his last class.

 Are your Adult Program instructors experienced in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?

 Yes, all of our Adult Program instructors are Black Belts and have extensive experience both in training and competition. Our founder and owner Kevin Sheridan is a four-stripe Black Belt.

 What safety measures do you have in place during training sessions?

 Safety is our top priority. We ensure all training sessions are supervised by experienced instructors.

 How often do you hold adult classes, and what is the class schedule like?

 We have well-attended, white-belt friendly 6am classes every day that finish by 7am (in time to shower and get to work.) We have well-attended noon classes available every day. We have white belt only classes available Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays at 7pm. We also have Advanced classes every night except for Friday. Check out our schedule above for more details! If you're a weekend person, we have open mat every Sunday 9-10am and two No-Gi classes (7:15am and a dynamic, well-attended noon class on Saturday.)

 Do I need prior experience in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to join your school?

 No prior experience is necessary. Our classes cater to all skill levels, from beginners to advanced students.

 What type of equipment do I need to bring for my first Youth or Adult session?

 For kids and adults - Comfortable workout attire (shirt and athletic shorts should be tight fitting without pockets) and a water bottle are essential. Please remove any earrings, jewelry, and trim nails. We will provide you with a Loaner Gi. Note: Little Samurai beginner students will not change into a Gi to train, they can wear a comfy shirt and athletic shorts.

 How often should I train?

 We recommend training two times a week. More is not better - Our owner and founder Professor Kevin Sheridan earned his Black Belt in nine years training twice a week!

 Are there opportunities for students to participate in competitions or tournaments?

 Yes, we host an In-House Competition twice a year at our academy. Our students participate in local, regional, and national BJJ competitions and tournaments. We support our members when they want to test their skills and gain valuable experience in a competitive setting.

 Is there a structured curriculum in place for progression and advancement?

 Yes, we have a structured curriculum that allows students to progress through the BJJ belt levels and different levels of proficiency, ensuring steady improvement and skill development.

 ## Live better through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Schedule Your Free Trial
