---
source_url: https://guerrillajiujitsumodesto.com/schedule-407188
final_url: https://guerrillajiujitsumodesto.com/home
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:45.387Z
---

- HOME - ABOUT - SCHEDULE - BLOG - CONTACT US

 ## THE #1 JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN MODESTO, CA

 # Guerrilla Jiu-Jitsu # Modesto

 TRY A FREE JIU JITSU CLASS

 CLICK HERE TO BOOK

 ## Welcome to Guerrilla Jiu-Jitsu Modesto

 ## We Teach You How to Become an Expert at Self-Defense Using Jiu-Jitsu

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## JIU JITSU MODESTO CLASSES 6 DAYS PER WEEK

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 ### CLASSES

 ## Adults Jiu Jitsu (Nogi)

 ## We are a NoGi only school, the only one in the area that specializes in NoGi. We provide a beginners program that dives into the basic key components and systems of Submission Grappling. ## ## A step up from that is the advanced class, where we spend a little more time going over the finer details and options as well as what to look for when setting traps. ## ## Wether you're a beginner or experienced, both programs are available.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## Youth / Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Our kids Jiu-Jitsu program will help your child become an expert at self-defense using our proven system. ## ## We have classes for kids age 3 & up ## ## Wether your child wants to learn self-defense, get in shape & make friends, or even compete in grappling tournaments, we have a program for them. ##

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 Active el sonido

 ## Guerrilla Jiu-Jitsu Modesto

 ## Come See What The Hype Is All About...

 TRY A FREE CLASS TODAY

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 ## What Our Member Say...

 #

 ## Irving Garcia

 "My younger brother and I recently went to a trial class this past Friday and it was great. Mike, the instructor, was super friendly, welcoming, and supportive. The students were very nice and friendly as well. The place itself was clean and is in a very good location. My brother and I got a membership here the same day. Overall would recommend 10/10"

 ## Miles Martinez

 "This place is the real deal for anyone looking to either begin training Jiu Jitsu, or an experienced practitioner looking to level up in their game! Mike and Hani are some of the best in the area and put their all into their students. It’s a great environment for families and children to begin their journey as well! Guerrilla Jiu Jitsu Modesto is the only place I’d recommend anyone to in the area!"

 ## John Peery

 I've been to a couple of Jiu-Jitsu schools around town and these guys are by far the best. I've been training there for about 9 months and my son started training there in January. We have both progressed so much in that time. The curriculum here is top notch and Mike and Hani are great to work with. They have something for all levels of jiu jitsu athletes. The classes are not intimidating, and the vibe is very supportive and positive. I can't say enough good things about these guys.

 PHONE

 (209) 681-5677

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 ADDRESS

 2508 Oakdale Rd,
 Modesto, CA 95355

 ## Copyright Guerrilla Jiu-Jitsu Modesto 2026. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
