---
source_url: https://graciebarratx.com
final_url: https://graciebarratx.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:00.920Z
---

GRACIE BARRA TEXAS Become part of our Gracie Barra Community!

 ## BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS OR GET IN TOUCH TODAY

 Send

 ### GRACIE BARRA IN WEBSTER 450 E NASA Pkwy, Webster, TX 77598

 GRACIE BARRA TEXAS Become part of our Gracie Barra Community!

 ## BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS OR GET IN TOUCH TODAY

 Getting started at Gracie Barra is easy, our staff will help you every step of the way.
 Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 Send

 ## People Love Learning Jiu-Jitsu With Gracie Barra

 ## WELCOME TO GRACIE BARRA

 Welcome to Gracie Barra Texas , proudly led by the esteemed Professor Draculino! Our academy is situated around the corner from the NASA Space Center, where we’ve embarked on our own mission to impart the incredible art of Jiu-Jitsu and foster the growth of role models in our community. At Gracie Barra Texas, you’ll find a team of renowned instructors specializing in Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and MMA, all dedicated to helping you reach your full potential on the mats and in life.

 There are no shortcuts in learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, so you can’t waste any minute with the wrong techniques or unqualified instructors. Knowing that, Gracie Barra Texas offers highly trained and certified instructors teaching off an unique system of curriculums tailored for different ages and BJJ experience levels. From self-defense to competition training, from white belt to black belt, from 4 years old and older, Gracie Barra has your back.

 NEWS

 ### Lucas Valente Wins UFC BJJ Belt – Gracie Barra Texas Lucas Valente Makes History: GB Texas Professor Wins the UFC BJJ BeltAt Gracie Barra Texas, we are proud to say our students train with the best in the world. And

 April 7, 2026

 NEWS

 ### Why Men Should Train Jiu-Jitsu – Gracie Barra Texas Webster Why Men Should Train Jiu-Jitsu: Reclaiming Health and Confidence in Webster/League CityLet’s be honest about the modern adult male experience. For many men in Webster, League City, and the Greater

 March 26, 2026

 NEWS

 ### Kids Martial Arts Near Houston – BJJ at Gracie Barra Texas Kids Martial Arts Near Houston: How to Get Started at Gracie Barra TexasAs a parent in the Greater Houston area, finding the right extracurricular activity for your child can be

 March 6, 2026

 NEWS

 ### Why Police, Military & Firefighters Should Train BJJ – GB Texas Why Police, Military, and Firefighters Should Train Jiu-JitsuEvery day, police officers, military personnel, and firefighters step into unpredictable and often dangerous situations. Their jobs require split-second decision-making, physical readiness, and

 February 26, 2026

 NEWS

 ### Valentine’s Day Special Class with Master Draculino – GB Texas Valentine’s Day Special: Train with Master Draculino at GB TexasFlowers fade, and chocolates are gone in a minute. This Valentine's Day, why not give a gift that lasts a lifetime?

 February 10, 2026

 ### Lucas Valente Wins UFC BJJ Belt – Gracie Barra Texas Seo

 ### Why Men Should Train Jiu-Jitsu – Gracie Barra Texas Webster Seo

 ### Kids Martial Arts Near Houston – BJJ at Gracie Barra Texas Seo

 ### Why Police, Military & Firefighters Should Train BJJ – GB Texas Seo

 ### Valentine’s Day Special Class with Master Draculino – GB Texas Seo

 ## Watch the Video

 ## Meet Mestre Vinicius "Draculino" Magalhães

 Mestre Vinicius “Draculino” Magalhães is the head instructor of Gracie Barra Texas and GBBH, and a true pillar of the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu community. As a Coral Belt, he brings decades of dedication, discipline, and leadership to the mats, shaping the culture of our school with integrity and enthusiasm.
 Mestre Draculino leads by example. His charisma and passion for the gentle art touch everyone around him, creating an environment that is challenging yet welcoming to students of all levels.
 Proven on the Mats, Cages and Rings Before becoming a renowned mentor, Mestre Draculino proved his “grit” and technique against the best in the world. He is considered one of the top featherweight competitors in BJJ history, holding major titles including:
 4x Pan American Champion
 2x Brazilian National Champion
 2x World BJJ Championship Silver Medalist
 Strike Force Featherweight Winner & Abu-Dhabi Veteran
 A Life Dedicated to Teaching Beyond his medals, Mestre Draculino’s true impact is seen in his students. He is recognized as one of the world’s most accomplished instructors, having graduated more than 500 Black Belts. He has mentored everyone from World and MMA champions to everyday practitioners looking to improve their lives.
 His disciplined mindset also extends beyond martial arts; Mestre Vinicius is a law graduate from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), bringing intellect and structure to his teaching methods.
 Your Journey Starts Here With over 30 years of teaching experience, Mestre Draculino is fully dedicated to his family and the Gracie Barra community.
 When you train at Gracie Barra Texas, you can count on Mestre Draculino to be by your side. He is here to support your journey and help you achieve your goals, on and off the mats.

 LEARN MORE

 ## PROGRAMS

 ## KIDS

 Children and teens of all skill levels and abilities will benefit from Jiu-Jitsu classes at Gracie Barra Texas

 View full info

 ## FUNDAMENTALS

 Learn the fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu! Perfect for beginners, build a solid foundation and start your journey today!

 View full info

 ## ADVANCED

 Take your training beyond the fundamentals and begin to hone the principles you need to succeed and discipline in Jiu-Jitsu

 View full info

 ## BLACK BELT

 This program is designed to help students achieve Black Belt excellence. Come To Train!

 View full info

 ## WOMEN ONLY

 GBF offers Jiu-Jitsu classes designed specifically for women, focusing on strength, fitness, and confidence. Train with intensity and watch your progress both on and off the mat!

 View full info

 ## NO-GI

 Gracie Barra’s No-Gi program focuses on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training without the traditional gi, emphasizing techniques and strategies suited for situations like MMA or self-defense.​

 View full info

 ## MUAY THAI

 Gracie Barra’s Muay Thai program , emphasizing techniques and strategies suited for situations like MMA or self-defense.​

 View full info

 ## PRIVATE LESSON

 One-on-one training focused on your personal goals, offering personalized coaching for faster progress.

 View full info

 ## GBF Plus

 Women-only Jiu-Jitsu & Muay Thai for confidence, strength, and self-defense.

 View full info

 ## Our Facilities

 At Gracie Barra Texas, we’re proud to offer modern, state-of-the-art facilities designed to elevate your training experience. Since moving into our new building in January 2024, we’ve created a space that blends comfort and functionality, ensuring you have everything you need to reach your goals.
 Modern and Spacious:
 Our facility spans over 6000 square feet of mat space, providing one dedicated jiu-jitsu training area, one Muay Thai training area, and a smaller private space for private sessions. Additionally, we offer an upstairs lounge with a comfortable seating area and a glass wall that gives a full view of the main training areas. Whether you’re training, relaxing, or socializing, our facility reflects a commitment to a welcoming and efficient environment.
 Advanced Martial Arts Gear
 We are equipped with 16 heavy bags, top-quality mats, and the latest martial arts equipment, ensuring a professional setting for a wide range of jiu-jitsu and fitness activities.
 Family-Friendly Amenities
 We value family support, which is why our facility includes a comfortable waiting area and lounge, complete with a coffee machine for those accompanying loved ones. There’s also a dedicated play area to keep younger siblings entertained.
 Comfort and Convenience
 Our facility features spacious changing rooms with showers, hundreds of lockers for secure storage, and well-maintained equipment. We’ve designed everything to ensure a comfortable and supportive environment for your training and personal well-being.
 Join us at Gracie Barra Texas and experience a dynamic training environment that reflects the quality of instruction we offer. We look forward to welcoming you!

 # Visit our social media channels

 ### FACEBOOK

 ### INSTAGRAM

 ### YOUTUBE

 ## BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS TODAY!

 BOOK YOUR TRIAL CLASS

 ## SCHEDULE

 There is no other way: to learn, you must train. That’s exactly why here you can train as much as you want. From Monday to Saturday, we offer classes in the mornings, at noon and on evenings. No excuses.

 ### TAP TO EXPAND
