---
source_url: http://www.jsbjj.ie
final_url: https://www.jsbjj.ie/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:13.243Z
---

Scroll

 # JSBJJ Jiu-Jitsu tailored for you.

 BEGINNER’s COURSE AND FREE CLASS →

 # Our roots

 JSBJJ is a well-established team that has been growing visibly since 2011; in those years the club has opened affiliations in Dublin and around Europe. In our club we teach values and characters along with top level jiu jitsu; our goal is to create a winning person on and off the mat.
 Our coaches are driven by a passion for martial arts, in and out the dojo. One of the most positive environments you will ever be in, the club is filled with friendly people that constantly try to improve themselves and work hard to reach their goals.
 JORGE SANTOS
 RANK : Black Belt 4th degree
 HOMETOWN : Porto Alegre, Brazil
 FOUNDER AND CO-OWNER OF JSBJJ
 MULTIPLE WORLD MEDALIST
 LAURA PERETTI
 RANK : Black Belt 1st degree
 HOMETOWN : Verona, Italy
 CO-OWNER OF JSBJJ
 WORLD CHAMPION 2023

 # Our Mission

 ### What we do Jiu-Jistu is for everyone, but everyone is different. We tailor jiu-jitsu for each of our members, and we take good care to ensure constant progress.

 JOIN NOW

 Email Address

 Sign Up

 We respect your privacy.

 Thank you!

 # Our classes BEGINNER’S CLASSES
 Our BEGINNER’S classes are great for first-timers, focusing on fundamental principles and self-defence.
 INTERMEDIATE CLASSES
 Our INTERMEDIATE classes run all day long, great for beginners and more experienced practitioners.
 ADVANCED CLASSES
 The ADVANCED class is for those of you who want the extra adrenaline and are ready to go the extra mile. Our PROFESSIONALS CLASSES are advanced-level competition classes.

 NO-GI CLASSES
 Our No-Gi classes teach BJJ grappling without the gi. Our no-gi classes teach a strong grappling defence.
 KIDS/TEENS CLASSES
 Our KIDS and TEENS classes build a solid BJJ foundation and teach your child to build self-esteem, respect rules, and, from a technical point of view, teach drills and fun games.

 Please note that every bank holiday the gym is closed all day, get in touch with the club to confirm eventual open mat session.

 # APPLY FOR A TRIAL CLASS

 HOW TO BEGIN
 First, apply for a free trial, once approved and confirmed, come in on the agreed day 15 minutes before for your check-in.
 We’ll provide you with all the gear you need. Just bring a round-neck t-shirt, shorts or leggings (to wear underneath the gi), flip-flops, and a water bottle!
 Following your trial class, a member of our team will walk you through the next steps.
 New students begin with our Beginner Program , designed to give you a strong foundation before progressing into regular training.
 Start dates are structured and run regularly to ensure consistent progression and support.
 You can keep on reading here to know what to expect from your first class.

 # Testimonials

 “ Started three months ago after a year of kick boxing. It’s a different beast, quite technical and great for fitness, strength and self defense. Top class instructors and a cool crew all round. Highly recommended ” — Rob kelly - Student

 “ I contacted the gym via email to see who it could assist me in starting to learn BJJ. From the get go, Jorge and everyone one their was inviting, helpful, insightful and respectful. From talking via email to group and private classes. I did one private class and one group class a day for two weeks. It was condense and intense. Jorge taught me a solid and comprehensive foundation for a sport, system and way of life I have definitely come to love. I would recommend anyone to go here from people that have no experience to people that have years of experience. Their is something for everyone on all levels. It was tough, mentally challenging, fun and immensely rewarding. Both a school and a family. obrigado! ” — Kalaan Sorrell - Visitor

 “ Amazing place!!!! Very warm and friendly environment... People are nice but they push to improve and give the best. The professors are highly qualified and professional...You really get addicted to this family.. ” — Ibrahim Khalili - Student

 # Try out a class!

 REGISTER FOR A FREE CLASS

 Address: 192 Parnell Street, Dublin 1 Instagram: @jsbjj_hq WhatsApp: +353 85 239 5933
