---
source_url: http://www.mymartialartsnottingham.co.uk
final_url: https://mymartialartsnottingham.co.uk/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:51.696Z
---

- info@mymartialartsnottingham.com - 07840 616521

 Menu

 # Best Martial Arts School in Nottingham
 "An amazing experience."
 We transform kids into leaders full of discipline and focus.
 We help adults get fit, safe and fast.
 And we do it with FUN classes, amazing community, and action-packed martial arts.
 Try us risk-free today. Start your journey to a better you with the best martial arts training in Nottingham.

 Our Nottingham members see results fast. You’ll see the difference in as little as 1 week.

 ## LIMITED TIME OFFERBook Your FREE Experience Today Before It's Gone

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address
 Mobile Phone
 School Programs 🔻 Select A Programme Mini Kickers Karate (Ages 3-5) Ninja Kidz Karate (Ages 6-7) Ninja Kidz Karate (Ages 8-12) Teen Karate (Ages 13-17) Adult Karate (Ages 18+)

 I agree to receive promotional/marketing SMS messages By checking this box, you are opting-in to receive marketing/promotional messages from Daniyaal's Martial Arts Academy, to opt out reply STOP at any moment, reply HELP for help. Msg & Data rates may apply. Frequency may vary.

 I agree to receive recurring SMS messages By checking this box, you are opting-in to receive transactional/informational messages regarding account notifications, customer care, etc. from Daniyaal's Martial Arts Academy, to opt out reply STOP at any moment, reply HELP for help. Msg & Data rates may apply. Frequency may vary.

 I agree with Terms of Service & Privacy Policy By checking, I accept Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 GET STARTED TODAY

 Best kids and adults martial arts center in Nottingham. See why hundreds of Nottingham residents love our martial arts classes for their kids. You’ll love our fun, friendly community of members.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMMES

 ## Mini Kickersin Nottingham For 3-5 years old
 Big Confidence Starts Small

 Our fun, fitness-based martial arts classes help kids build coordination, balance, and motor skills while having a blast.

 If you have a preschool-aged child in Nottingham , get ready to be amazed.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Ninja Kidsin Nottingham For 6-12 years old
 Building Strong Character for Life

 Our action-packed martial arts classes help children build focus, confidence, discipline, and respect — skills that show up at school, at home, and in everyday life.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Martial Artsin Nottingham For teens over 13 years old
 Confidence, Discipline & Leadership

 Our teen martial arts classes help young people build confidence, discipline, focus, and respect — the traits they need to succeed in school, relationships, and life.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Martial Artsin Nottingham For adults
 Strength, Safety & Self-Confidence

 Get fit. Get fast. Learn real-world skills that keep you safe.

 Our adult martial arts classes in Nottingham deliver challenging, high-energy training that’s so fun it becomes addictive.

 Train alongside a welcoming community of supportive men and women where friendships are built every class.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## why CHOOSE Daniyaal's Martial Arts Academy?
 We opened our martial arts school here in Nottingham with a simple mission: Help our community get safer, and stronger — inside and out.
 For thousands of years, martial arts has helped millions of people become their best selves. As you master the techniques, train hard, form bonds with your classmates — you transform on the inside too. Your confidence grows. Your focus grows. Your discipline grows. You’re able to achieve more in your day-to-day life.
 Kids do better in school and find it easier to make friends and socialise. Adults focus more intently on their careers, relationships, and family. And knowing that you have the skills to keep you and your loved ones safe gives peace of mind. We’re committed to our community, and to you. Come try us out with our amazing web special and see for yourself, today.

 “Authentic, high quality martial arts taught here as well as skills to help develop and build yourself. It really boosted my confidence and made me more resilient. Definitely the best martial arts academy in Nottingham and I highly recommend it! “

 “My daughter has been attending the academy for a few weeks and I have already seen the improvement in her confidence. She is starting to feel safe now that she is learning to defend herself. “

 “Hi I am a student at this martial arts Academy and I love it. The staff are very kind and the instructors are world-class. And you get to learn life skills. Of discipline, resilience and respect. Let alone. Self defence. And if you really love martial arts. You can make it a career.”

 “I heard about Daniyaal’s Martial Arts Academy via Instagram. I was instantly impressed with the setup of the academy. The dojo is spacious and fully equipped. My two boys attended a taster session and all the staff were welcoming and helpful. “

 “Amazing martial arts academy, excellent staff, competitive pricing. Core values are discipline, resilience and respect, and also has a positive and friendly atmosphere. Ticks all the boxes for me!”

 “My son has been training at DMAA for 4 months now and I can tell he absolutely loves his training time here. All the staff are nice and friendly. The waiting area for parents is comfortable enough there is also a screen in the room where you can watch your kids doing their training so you can see their progress.”

 “ Amazing academy, so impressed by the way its run and the trainers are fantastic. I’ve tried a few and walked out of two as they were so unprofessional but this one seems to be for keeps 🤞 so glad I followed through on the recommendation 😊 “

 “ The instructors know each kid by name, know their strengths and work with them on their challenges. More than that, the entire place has a “family-run” feel to it. The parents are nice to each other, the kids are having a wonderful time! “

 ## It's the will. Not the skill.
 ## Build Self-Discipline
 Your starting fitness and skill levels don’t matter – as long as you put in the effort in every class, you’ll see results.

 ## Gain Confidence
 When you step out of your comfort zone in our classes, you allow space for unshakable confidence to grow.

 ## Improve Focus
 Mindfulness practices don’t go away when you step off the mat. The skills you gain in class flow into everything you do.

 ## About our programmes
 ## Mini Kickersin Nottingham For 3-5 years old
 The earlier your child builds their balance, coordination, and motor skills - the better. Our Nottingham preschool kids martial arts classes are amazing for this and more. Kids also build social skills through group training, and get powerful mentorship from our amazing instructors.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Ninja Kidzin Nottingham For 6-12 years old
 Would you like your child to grow their focus, confidence, discipline, and sense of respect? Then our Nottingham kids martial arts classes are for you. We've helped so many families in our community. We'd love to help you, too. We get your child off their screens, and do powerful fitness & self-defence to make their bodies & minds as strong as can be.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Teen Martial Artsin Nottingham For teens over 13 years old
 Our Nottingham teen martial arts classes help your child grow into the confident, strong person they're capable of becoming. Teens need guidance and community to become their best selves. They need fitness to let out stress & stay healthy. And they need to know how to protect themselves should the need arise. We've got you covered on all fronts.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Martial Artsin Nottingham For adults
 Amazing community? Check. Action-packed, body-toning fitness? Check. Life-saving martial arts? Check. Our Nottingham adult martial arts classes make you stronger - inside and out. As your body transforms, so does your mind. That's the thousands-year-old secret of martial arts.

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions
 Most frequent questions and answers about our martial arts programmes

 Does Martial Arts Training Ever Turn Kids Into Bullies?
 Bullies are rooted in insecurity and fear. But our Nottingham kids martial arts classes grow confidence, focus, and respect. And our group training builds positive social skills and confidence. So long story short: No! Your child won’t become a bully, and there are no bullies in our classes either!

 Should Parents Stay And Watch?
 That is up to you! If you need some ‘me time’ — go grab a coffee and relax. Your child is in great hands. If you’d like to stay and observe, you’re welcome to do that as well, and make friends with the other parents. We’ve got a great community here in our Nottingham martial arts school and can’t wait for you to become part of it.

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No way! Some folks come to us who have never exercised in their lives. Others have athlete-levels of fitness. That’s the beauty of martial arts — everyone starts at the same place. And although you’re in a group setting, you’re on your own personal journey. Some people advance faster than others. Every pace is okay. There’s no ego here in our Nottingham kids and adult martial arts classes. Just support and positivity.

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 There is no real answer for this! And we’d urge you to be cautious of any school that gives you one. The truth is, the path to black belt is a deeply personal and individual journey. Some folks have natural talent and practice hard every day. Other people need to spend more time building coordination and fitness.
 It’s not about getting to black belt, it’s about you becoming a better version of yourself along the way. As you train, overcome obstacles, make friends, find support — you’ll become a stronger you, inside and out.
 And our instructors here at Daniyaal’s Martial Arts Academy Nottingham are committed to you every step.

 How Do I Claim My Limited Time Offer?
 Assuming all spots are not taken — claiming your amazing web special is easy.
 1) Scroll to the top of this page and fill out the form. Or…
 2) Click to access any of our programme-specific pages, and fill out the form on that page. Or…
 3) Give us a call at 07840 616521! We’re happy to sign you up over the phone too!
 Spots are limited so please hurry. We’d hate to see you miss out.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 For your first martial arts class here at Daniyaal’s Martial Arts Academy in Nottingham you’ll only need a few things: comfy clothes, a water bottle, and an open mind.
 It’s perfectly natural to be nervous your first time too. Happens to everyone! As soon as you see how kind and welcoming our community here is, that will disappear.

 I'm Not Very Sporty Or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all! Nottingham men, women, and children of all fitness levels come to us, whether it’s for kids or adult martial arts. Come as you are!
 Some of our top students were unfit and uncoordinated at first. Now they’re performing techniques they never dreamed possible. The confidence they gained realising what they were capable of is the biggest gift of the process.
 All you have to do is show up. We’ll take care of the rest.
