---
source_url: https://www.kaijukickboxing.com
final_url: https://kaijukickboxing.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:03.305Z
---

## Strength
 ## Through Martial Arts
 # THE BEST KICKBOXING AND MMA GYM IN The Eastside
 ## Welcome To Kaiju Kickboxing and MMA
 Get Started

 ## TAKE YOUR Training TO THE NEXT LEVEL
 ## NO MORE BORING WORKOUTS ALONE!
 Kaiju Kickboxing and MMA is a unique and different kind of Martial Arts gym located in The Eastside. Whether you’re new to martial arts or are already have experience, you’ll find that Kaiju Kickboxing and MMA is the best place for you to reach your goals.

 ## NO MORE HESITATING TO GET STARTED!
 Kaiju Kickboxing and MMA is a fun place to train, and you don’t need to be an athlete to be able to participate! Our coaches will lead you, provide guidance, and modify your daily workouts so they’re suitable for you!

 ## NO MORE WASTING TIME!
 Finally make time for yourself and be part of a supportive community. Whether you are looking to start a new hobby or become a MMA pro, Kaiju has people from all walks of life on the mats training side by side.

 ## Then We Are Ready...
 ## To Guide You On Your Journey!
 GET STARTED

 ### Kickboxing
 Unleash your power and improve your fitness with our high-energy kickboxing program, designed to build strength, endurance, and self-confidence.

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Master self-defense, improve your physical fitness, and build confidence with our comprehensive Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program, suitable for all skill levels.

 ### Submission wrestling
 Develop strength, technique, and resilience in our wrestling program, designed to enhance your skills and performance on the mat.

 ### MMA
 Elevate your combat skills and overall fitness with our intense MMA program, combining striking, grappling, and conditioning for all experience levels.

 ### Muay Thai
 Experience the art of eight limbs in our Muay Thai program, enhancing your striking skills, fitness, and self-discipline through authentic and dynamic training.

 ### Boxing
 Transform your fitness and sharpen your skills with our dynamic boxing program, designed to improve strength, endurance, and technique for all levels.

 ### Kids Programs
 Empower your child with our hybrid Muay Thai and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes consisting of striking and grappling techniques for a comprehensive martial arts experience.

 ### All women Muay Thai
 Empower yourself with our women’s Muay Thai program, offering tailored training that enhances striking skills, fitness, and confidence in a supportive environment.

 ## WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING
 ## REAL MEMBER REVIEWS
 Michael G. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 A great gym with a huge variety of classes. The instructors are top-notch and will help motivate you to push toward your goals. I feel encouraged after every class! Boxing has been a lot of fun and I’m looking forward to trying more classes.

 Michael Siruno ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 Doan and staff were super welcoming and open to training my son. They broke moves down step by step and allowed him to practice on them until it was natural. Good ratio of students to trainers. As well as providing a flexible schedule. Highly recommend!

 Raymond C. Alvarez Velez ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 Great atmosphere, have gone just a few times and can already see the improvements in my technique. Doan pays great attention to detail and is willing to work with you patiently. Highly recommend you come give it a try. The students are also very kind and you can feel the camaraderie in the environment.

 Taylor Mccleary ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 Me and my boyfriend took the boxing class last Saturday and it was a really fun experience. We are both new to the class but the instructor, Doan made it easy for us to learn by splitting the class up by experience level for exercises. It was a really good workout and we had a great time!

 Anthony Nguyen ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 Fantastic gym culture and fantastic coaches. If you want to learn how to fight, look no further. Even if you have literally zero combat sports experience they have outstanding fundamentals programs all the way up to full-blown MMA fighting!

 ## Join The Best MMA gym near me in The Eastside!
 GET STARTED

 ## Are You Ready To Level Up?
 ## Getting Started Is Easy!
 STEP 1

 ### SCHEDULE YOUR FIRST VISIT Talk with a coach about your goals and learn how we can get you to your best self.

 STEP 2

 ### START YOUR TRAINING You have defined your goals and you are ready to begin on the mats. We will start you strong by teaching you the fundamentals in training and help you create sound habits to keep you on the road towards your goals

 STEP 3

 ### HAVE FUN REACHING NEW LEVELS Once you have down the basics, have fun progressing and applying new techniques in training everyday!

 ## this is your call to action...
 ## start Your Journey today!
 GET STARTED
 ## Got Questions? We've Got Answers Right Here!
 How Do I Join and Get Started?
 Super simple! Just click get started anywhere here on the page to book your free intro session where you’ll tour the gym & meet our instructors.
 We will chat about your current situation, your desired situation to see if we can help and if we are good fit for each other. Sign up today!

 What should I expect in my first kickboxing or MMA class?
 In your first kickboxing or MMA class, you can expect a welcoming atmosphere where the instructor will guide you through basic techniques and movements. The class will include a warm-up, skill drills, and a cool-down, ensuring you get a full-body workout while learning the fundamentals.

 Do I need prior experience to join kickboxing or MMA classes?
 No prior experience is necessary to join our kickboxing or MMA classes. Our programs are designed for all skill levels, and our instructors will provide modifications and support to ensure you feel comfortable and capable throughout your training.

 What equipment do I need for kickboxing and MMA training?
 For kickboxing, you’ll need gloves, hand wraps, and comfortable workout clothes. For MMA training, additional gear such as shin guards and mouthguards may be required. If you’re new, we have equipment available for you to use or rent, and our staff can help you choose the right gear as you progress.

 Are the classes suitable for all fitness levels and ages?
 Yes, our classes are suitable for all fitness levels and ages. We offer beginner to advanced classes and provide modifications to accommodate various fitness levels, ensuring everyone can participate and benefit from the training.

 What Makes Kaiju Kickboxing and MMA Different From The Other Gyms Near Me?
 We are locally owned and purpose built to make an impact on the health and happiness in The Eastside and the surrounding area. You’re not just a number here, everyone knows your name. We’re a community of like-minded people that wants you to show up and supports each other on this journey to live better lives – with no judgement or criticism along the way. Sign up today!

 How Many Days Per Week Should I Attend?
 If you’re a beginner and just starting out then 2-4 times per week will be enough to see results and allow you to adjust.
 You’ll be sore some days, so allow yourself recovery days between training sessions at first – over the course of the following months work up towards 5 days per week if you want to maximize! Sign up today!

 GET STARTED
