---
source_url: http://www.gdjiujitsu.com/
final_url: https://gdjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:38.583Z
---

- HOME - ABOUTABOUT USINSTRUCTORSGD ASSOCIATION SCHOOLS - PROGRAMSADULT JIU-JITSUYOUTH WARRIORS (8-13)LIL & JR WARRIORS (5-7) - SCHEDULE - GD ONLINE TRAINING - CONTACT US

 ## THE #1 JIU-JITSU ACADEMY IN TEMPE, ARIZONA

 # GUSTAVO DANTAS JIU-JITSU

 ## Join Arizona’s Most Respected BJJ Academy and Build Real Confidence On and Off the Mats

 ## Limited Time Offer: Claim Your FREE Intro Class and Discover Why Hundreds of Teens and Adults Trust Coach Gustavo Dantas to Transform Their Lives.

 TRY A FREE JIU-JITSU CLASS

 CLICK HERE TO BOOK

 ## Welcome to GD Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Gustavo Dantas Jiu Jitsu is built on camaraderie and hard work. We welcome martial artists of all experience levels and ages to train with us. By instilling perseverance, BJJ becomes a tool for personal improvement in all aspects of life. ## Learning martial arts can be challenging, but our students learn to overcome and adapt while growing as individuals. If you’re looking for an incredible culture and top-quality BJJ in Tempe, Arizona, Gustavo Dantas Jiu-Jitsu will take you where you want to go.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## JIU-JITSU CLASSES ## 6 DAYS PER WEEK

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## ADULT JIU-JITSU (14+)

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) has gained a lot of attention in recent years, and it’s pretty obvious why. Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self defense that every person should master. BJJ focuses on ground level altercations – utilizing holds, throws, and a variety of submission techniques.
 This makes Jiu Jitsu ideal when learning how to take on an opponent who may be larger than you, without necessarily having to hurt them.

 ## YOUTH WARRIORS (8-13)

 ## RAISING A TEENAGER REQUIRES PERSISTENCE & PATIENCE LUCKILY THERE IS A COMPREHENSIVE SOLUTION…
 It can test your sanity even at the best of times. Yet, you want the best for your teenager. You want them to have the tools they need to succeed now and later in life – and you’d like that to happen without having to pull out all your hair in the process. Getting them to do anything you want them to do can feel utterly impossible, and you’re not sure where to start.
 Studying martial arts helps kids learn how to overcome their problems and learn important lessons – the kind of lessons that will follow them to your home, to the classroom, and for the rest of their lives.

 ## LIL & JR. WARRIORS (5-7)

 ## When it comes to self defense, BJJ empowers a smaller individual to fight against a larger opponent. But the advantages don’t stop there – BJJ helps kids gain confidence, learn discipline, focus their energy, foster respect for others, and be a part of a one-of-a-kind community full of future friends and mentors! ## At GD Jiu-Jitsu we never want our kids to have to use these skills in modern life, but every good parent still wants their kids to be safe. That’s why our martial arts training is very serious about teaching your kids the skills needed for self-protection in any circumstance, from the neighborhood bully to a stranger on the street (and so much more).

 ## Gustavo Dantas Jiu Jitsu Programs Overview

 We offer a variety of classes throughout the week, including both Gi and No-Gi sessions.
 Our classes are designed for students of all skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Our instructors are experienced and passionate about teaching Jiu Jitsu, and are committed to helping you achieve your goals.
 At Gustavo Dantas Jiu-Jitsu we offer Jiu Jitsu programs for all ages and skill levels. No matter which program you choose, our Jiu Jitsu school is committed to providing a safe, supportive, and empowering environment for all students.
 Come join us and experience the benefits of Jiu Jitsu training firsthand!

 TRY A FREE CLASS TODAY

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 ## Real Student Testimonials

 #

 ## Crystal Guzman

 "I really love how welcomed I felt since my son first started back in 2022. He stopped practice and now we are back in 2024 but with his sisters too. The coaches are amazing. They instill responsibility, confidence, respect, and much more into my children. My children enjoy it and look forward to practice. I’m happy to be back. I enjoy seeing my kids have fun."

 ## Megan Opitz

 "GD provides such a great environment to learn and grow. My family all attend (kids-6 & 9). Coaches are patient and skilled. Morning class is the best thing I could do before heading to work. All staff are helpful and kind. Professors are knowledgeable and great at breaking down technique. The class culture is respectful and I feel I can roll with anyone."

 Sabrina Hernandez

 "Both my sister and I train here. I switched from a different jiu jitsu academy to GD last year in May and have not regretted my decision since. There are many classes provided for all skill levels and age groups. Not only does GD supply an amazing curriculum for its students but also a natural formation of a family. Mental health is a huge topic of discussion as it can coincide with practicing jiu jitsu. Gustavo has many quotes on the walls to help encourage his students on and off the mats. Whether you’re looking to do this for fun or test your skills in competition, GD is the perfect place to learn from. Best coaches and teammates by far! Thank you for being so good to my sister and I."

 ## WE Support We Defy Foundation™

 ## We Are An ESA-Approved School

 GD Jiu-Jitsu Academy is an Arizona ESA-approved school, offering families the ease of using their Education Savings Accounts (ESA) for tuition and resources.
 WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE PART OF THE ESA-APPROVED SCHOOLS?
 The Empowerment Scholarship Account (ESA) program from the Arizona Department of Education gives eligible parents public funding to pursue flexible options for customizing their children’s education.
 This ensures effortless financial management thru CLASSWALLET (the banking system for ESA), letting students and families focus on training without administrative concerns. Empowering students to immerse fully in their martial arts and self-defense journey.

 PHONE

 480-968-6303

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 ADDRESS

 1848 E University Dr, Suite 108,
 Tempe, AZ 85288

 ## Copyright Gustavo Dantas Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy 2026. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
