---
source_url: http://www.ossbjj360.com/programs
final_url: https://ossbjj360.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:27.784Z
---

Programs asapwellmind 2022-09-12T19:52:16+00:00 # Classes

 Adult & Kids Jiu Jitsu

 Here at Oss BJJ you will learn to embrace being comfortable in uncomfortable situations by keeping calm and patient. You will improve as a person by learning how to use patience and self-control to react to situations. BJJ teaches you to persevere no matter what, even when you're not feeling like you're getting anywhere - you just keep going. Improve your strength, self-confidence, self-esteem, life skills, defense techniques and your new and improved character will follow.

 KIDS PROGRAM

 We offer Gi and No-Gi kids classes.Our kids program allows our kids to learn self defense through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques in a safe and respectful environment. Our kids program doesn’t just teach your child essential self-defense skills, it helps them in all aspects of their life. Having the ability to protect themself will create a unique type of confidence in your child that carries over into their ability to speak out in class, make new friends, and stand up for themselves and others against bullies. From the moment a child steps into our bjj house, they will be met with a supportive and inclusive environment of instructors and fellow students who want them to succeed. At OSS BJJ, we want our students to be energetic and excited when they come to class – our goal is simply to focus that energy into good and productive energy.

 WOMENS BJJ SELF DEFENSE PROGRAM

 A self-defense focused Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class designed exclusively for women, aiming to build confidence, improve physical fitness, and enhance self-protection skills. The OSS BJJ Women’s Only Class is specially tailored for women’s self-defense needs and interests. Our class aims to empower our women through bjj.

 WE DEFY FOUNDATION | VETERAN PROGRAM

 We are honored to support our veterans by providing them with a welcoming environment and the opportunity to engage in a sport they are passionate about. Jiu Jitsu offers the chance to develop defensive skills while enhancing flexibility, endurance, and strength. WE DEFY is a program that offers scholarships to train at our academy. If you are a Veteran please visit their website for more information www.wedefyfoundation.org

 DEFENSE TECHNIQUE

 You will learn everything from defending submissions, controlling bigger opponents, and staying calm under pressure. You will also learn respect and discipline to just avoid a confrontation. There are a number of things that can happen and you have to be ready for anything. BJJ is a martial art that can not only improve your life but could also one day save it. BJJ will teach you techniques in real life situations and positions.

 RELIEVE YOUR STRESS

 BJJ involves physical activity that stimulates the growth of happy neurons, which strengthens your stress resistance and elevates your mood in general. You stimulate your brain cells by continuously moving, thinking, and solving problems while doing BJJ. Generating happy endorphins that make you feel great after each class can positively affect anxiety.

 STAY IN SHAPE

 When you train jiu-jitsu, every day is leg day… and arm day… and core day. BJJ requires the use of basically every muscle in your body as you go through a wide range of movement to move yourself and your training partners. In fact, training jiu-jitsu will likely help you develop strength in areas you may miss even if you religiously work out at a “traditional” gym.

 KEEP ROLLING UNTIL THE BELT TURNS BLACK

 OSS BJJ will help you achieve your goals and have a good time while doing it. Our mission is to train as a family, to have fun, and to help bring out the best in students.

 # What our students have to say
 The staff at OSS Brazilian JiuJitsu were very friendly and welcoming. The instructors were patient, friendly, and thorough ....

 ~ C.RICHMOND
