---
source_url: http://www.ossbjj360.com
final_url: https://ossbjj360.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:27.979Z
---

Home asapwellmind 2022-09-15T20:30:04+00:00 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for Adults & Kids.
 Join our safe, fun, friendly and respectful BJJ academy today. Click the link below

 Free 1 week trial

 Classes

 Adult Class

 Kids Class

 Womens Only Class

 WE DEFY FOUNDATION

 Benefits of Jiu Jitsu

 ##### Self Defense
 Brazilian jiu jitsu you will sharpen your skills The fundamentals of jiu jitsu are actually well-rounded instructions on excellent self-defense mechanisms. Jiu Jitsu also provides the tools to survive under pressure and difficult situations, which so many struggle to deal with. Size does not matter when you have the skills of Jiu Jitsu.

 ##### Self Discipline
 Like life itself - Jiu Jitsu will teach you how to remain calm, stay focus and keep striving to reach your goal. Jiu Jitsu can enhance emotional stability, make people more assertive and help to reduce anxiety and depression.

 ##### Get into shape
 Brazilian jiu jitsu works every single muscle in your body, resulting in an excellent workout every single class session. Of course you may be sore the first few weeks, but it is important to push through and burn those calories.

 ##### Become Bully Proof
 Prepare yourself or your child to stand up to a bully or what to do if the bullying becomes physical. Violence is never the answer BUT you want to be prepared should you or your child need to defend yourself in any situation. Jiu Jitsu will help you or your child develop self-confidence and learn to trust in their own strength.

 Jiu Jitsu can help you in so many ways ...

 Family Oriented

 Here at Oss Bjj we want our students to feel like this is their second home. We take the responsibility as a role model especially for our younger students seriously, teaching them the importance of strong character, leadership and good values.

 Get into shape

 Burning calories while learning how to defend yourself , why not? When you are rolling on the mats for an hour, you do not feel the time because you are having fun and getting a full body workout - all at the same time. Jiu jitsu also helps with flexibility, coordination and endurance.

 Balance your life

 Live your life with the lessons and values you learn from BJJ which include patience, persistence, humility, respect and loyalty.

 BullyProof

 Learn all the skills you will need to defend yourself during an attack or escape from a hold. Bullying is a common threat to our children help them become bullyproof.

 Are you ready to roll

 1

 Get rolling on the mats. Is your goal to become confident, physically fit, start a new hobby in a fun environment..sign up !

 2

 Come In & Tour Us. Come on in and check us out during one of our class sessions. See calendar for details.

 3

 New to Jiu Jitsu. Train with us for free for a week - click the link below

 Free 1 week trial

 # What our students have to say
 The staff at OSS Brazilian JiuJitsu were very friendly and welcoming. The instructors were patient, friendly, and thorough ....

 ~ C.RICHMOND
