---
source_url: http://solidgroundbjj.com
final_url: https://www.solidgroundbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:45.314Z
---

Start Your FREE Trial Today
 ## SOLID GROUND
 # BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU
 in Queen Creek, AZ

 KIDS • WOMEN • ADULT CLASSES - Build Confidence. Learn Real Self-Defense. Get in Shape.

 ## KEY BENEFITS FOR CHILDREN
 Jiu-jitsu is not just a mere martial art, it is a culture, a way to transform lives of people. It is an array of teachings and instructions that forms the character, develops discipline, strengthens focus, broadens rationality, and above it is full of essential benefits for our bodies and mind. Those who have never experienced jiu-jitsu don’t know how much they are missing. Below are some amazing statistics to put the efficiency of jiu-jitsu in perspective.

 - More than 80% of parents say that their children improve in school as a result of jiu-jitsu. They become more calm, focused, and think more efficiently. - More than 90% of parents tell that their children are more well behaved and less agitated at home. - 80% of parents testified that they see growth in their children’s respect towards other people. This is the fruit of learning— punctuality, greeting peers and elders, eye to eye communication, silence when professors are teaching, and other etiquetes learned in the dojo. - 100% of children showed a better disposition and motivation to engage in activities outside of school and the dojo. - More than 90% of children displayed improved self esteem and confidence around older peers. This is a natural antidote against the ghost of physical and virtual bullying. To the contrary of modern thought, children who learn jiu-jitsu become calmer, less violent, and obedient to parents.

 ## SCHEDULE
 ### Samurai Seeds Ages 5 to 6 4:00PM Fundamentals 5:00PM Advanced Tuesday, Thursday
 ### Little Warriors Ages 7 to 10 Fundamentals Monday Wednesday 4:00PM
 ### Youth Ages 11 to 14 6:00PM Monday, Wednesday, Friday
 ### Little Warriors Advanced Ages 7 to 10 Monday Wednesday 5:00PM
 ### Home School Kids 9:00AM Samurai Seed 10:00AM Little Warriors Tuesday, Thursdays
 ### Adult Warm Up, Drills and Spar Ages 15 and Up 7:00PM Monday, Wednesday, Friday
 ### Open Matt 10:30AM
 Saturday

 ### Adult No Gi 7:00PM
 Tuesday, Thursday

 ### Women's Class 6:00PM
 Tuesday, Thursday

 ### Little Warriors Advanced and Fundamentals Comp. Ages 7 to 10 4:30PM Friday

 ## LINEAGE
 In the beginning of the 20th century, a large number of Japanese people began to settle in Brazil bringing Jiu Jitsu and Judo among other martial arts. From this, a friendship between Conde Koma and Gastão Gracie seeded one of the biggest phenomena of martial arts.
 From Gastão sons, Carlos and Helio the Gracie Jiu Jitsu patriarchs , their sons and unmatched champions Rolls and Rickson, a student called Antonio Claudio nicknamed Tonicao awarded a black belt to Solid Ground founder Claudio Ribeiro that can trace back his lineage very close to the original source…

 ## WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT US
 Claudio is an amazing instructor, he is extremely patient and knowledgeable. Since taking my son to Solid Ground Brazilian Jujitsu, he has an incredible boost in self-confidence, a much more positive attitude, and is a good example for his peers. I feel better knowing that he can defend himself and others from bullies, and do so without resorting to hurting the offender. B.J.J. is more than a skill it’s a way of living confidently with honor.
 ​
 JOE BUTLER
 Parent

 ## WHAT IS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU?
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that teaches a smaller person how to defend themselves against a larger adversary by using leverage and proper techniques such as submission holds and joint manipulation. The Gracie family, credited as the founders of BJJ, modified Judo and traditional Japanese Jiu-Jitsu to create the art.

 Every martial art is unique even when it may be influenced by another martial art. In some martial arts training, students are trained to rely predominantly on punches, kicks, and standing defensive maneuvers whereas in BJJ, the focus is ground-based training. BJJ students are ranked through a belt system based on color.
 In addition to the belt system, most academies award stripes as an intra-belt recognition of progress. Lastly, some classes require the use of a Gi (a lightweight two-piece garment worn with a belt).

 ## HOW DOES BJJ COMPARE TO OTHER MARTIAL ARTS?
 Every martial art is unique even when it may be influenced by another martial art. In some martial arts training, students are trained to rely predominantly on punches, kicks, and standing defensive maneuvers whereas in BJJ, the focus is ground-based training. BJJ students are ranked through a belt system based on color.
 In addition to the belt system, most academies award stripes as an intra-belt recognition of progress. Lastly, some classes require the use of a Gi (a lightweight two-piece garment worn with a belt).

 ## HOW DOES BJJ COMPARE TO OTHER MARTIAL ARTS?
 When registering for classes, you’ll decide between a Gi or ‘No Gi’ class. While it may appear to simply be a preference in clothing, there is more to consider. Gi classes use belt rankings which means you’ll be given belt promotions based on your progress. Also, the Gi’s thick woven material makes it more capable to withstand many styles of takedowns you’ll learn in a BJJ Gi class. Additionally, Gi classes help students learn the foundation of this martial art. ‘No Gi’ classes will not generally offer this type of progression and tend to move at a faster pace.

 ## GI OR ‘NO GI’?
 Our program concentrates on all 3 of the following styles:
 Self Defense – targeted mostly towards youth and women programs
 BJJ Sport (competition) – targeted mostly towards adult classes
 MMA Oriented – targeted mostly towards the ‘No Gi’ classes

 ## WHAT ARE THE SOLID GROUND BJJ STYLES?
 Kids BJJ – 5-14 years
 Adult BJJ – Ages 15 and up – Men & Women (Gi or ‘No Gi’)

 ## WHAT ARE THE AGE RANGES FOR CLASSES?
 ## WHAT ARE THE AGE RANGES FOR CLASSES?

 ## CONTACT US
 ## Contact us for a free intro class! contact@solidgroundbjj.com +1 808 652 0715 18933 E San Tan Blvd Suite 115 Queen Creek, AZ 85142
 Your name *

 Your Email *

 Subject *

 Your Message *

 Send

 - -
