---
source_url: http://trianglejiujitsu.com/page/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-
final_url: https://trianglejiujitsu.com/page/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:02.177Z
---

# Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (Gi) If you've ever watched an MMA fight, you've likely seen some Jiu Jitsu. Jiu Jitsu is an essential component of Mixed Martial Arts, and also, an incredibly effective form of self-defense and exercise. In our Fundamentals classes, we start with self-defense, and explore how those self-defense principals can translate to sport Jiu Jitsu. We encourage all of our members - regardless of belt level, to regularly frequent Fundamentals classes. So, whether you're just starting or you've been training and competing for 15 years, you'll find training partners who can challenge and support you in your journey.

 A component of all of our classes is "rolling" -- actively trying the techniques we learned while moving between positions. Through rolling, you'll get to try the techniques you learn in fast-paced scenarios against people of different sizes and fitness. You won't have to wonder whether what you're learning is working, because you'll experience it, and try it against your partner, in real time during rolling. Also, you'll get a really great workout. If you are newer and intimidated by rolling, fear not, this is also a good time to ask questions about what we learned in class and drill at your pace.
 Day Gi Class
 At day class, there are 30 minutes allotted towards instruction, and 30 minutes allotted towards rolling (many who have time stay to roll longer). This is a great class, and it's also convenient if you need to make it in and out of the gym in an hour because of work or other obligations.

 Evening Gi Class
 Evening class (most of the time) features 50 minutes of instruction and 10 minutes of positional rolling. Evening Gi class can be paired with other classes if you have time -- for example Wrestling and Judo!

 New Beginner 2025 - 3 Months + Gi for $300 # New Beginner 2025 - 3 Months + Gi for $300 Sign up as a new member in 2025 to get 3 months and a Gi for $300 ($600 value)! You can sign up following this link or contact for more information.
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get in touch
 ### Thanks for contacting us! We will be in touch shortly.
 If you contacted us outside of business hours it might take us a bit longer to respond.

 - Phone 9193588323 - Address 124 Latta Rd Durham, NC 27712 - Email brandon.trianglejiujitsu@gmail.com Contact Us
 There are several businesses in the building. You will find Triangle Jiu Jitsu to the left of the front desk, as you enter the building. Come on in and introduce yourself!

 - © Triangle Jiu Jitsu - - Powered by Gymdesk
