---
source_url: http://www.jaypagesjjmma.com
final_url: https://jaypagesjjmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:31.107Z
---

## THE JAY PAGES JIU-JITSU & MMA TRAINING CENTER DIFFERENCE! 🌟 Discover Excellence at Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu & MMA Academy in Tempe – One of Arizona’s Elite Martial Arts Destinations! 🥋✨
 Join men, women, and children on a journey of skill and empowerment through our specialized programs in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, and self-defense! With OVER 8,500 sq. ft. of top-tier equipment and mats, we promise a SAFE, FUN, and unforgettable experience for you and your family every time! Don’t miss out on the opportunity to elevate your martial arts journey!
 At Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, we set the standard in Jiu-Jitsu training. We’re Arizona’s only academy building our coaching around Ecological Dynamics and the Constraints-Led Approach, and we’re also the most knowledgeable team in Arizona on applying these methods to Jiu-Jitsu. Our approach goes beyond memorizing techniques: we develop adaptable grapplers who can solve problems in real time. The result is Jiu-Jitsu that shows up under pressure and translates to success in competition at the highest levels. Just look at our stats below! The numbers never lie!

 JAY PAGES
 4TH DEGREE BLACK BELT | IBJJF CERTIFIED | IBJJF CHAMPION

 FUNDAMENTALS
 FOLLOWING THE CURRICULUM OF 12 TIME WORLD CHAMPION CAIO TERRA

 SELF DEFENSE
 LEARN SELF DEFENSE AND BUILD CONFIDENCE

 FITNESS
 BEST TOTAL BODY WORKOUT AND IT'S PERFECT FOR ALL AGES

 ###### WELCOME TO

 ### ARIZONA'S PREMIERE JIU-JITSU & MMA TRAINING CENTER!

 Welcome to the Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu & MMA Training Center – the proud home of MULTIPLE STATE, NATIONAL, and WORLD CHAMPIONS! 🌟 We boast one of Arizona’s TOP Submission-Only Competition Teams, the **98 Samurai Sub Squad!** Experience the difference for yourself and train with the BEST NOGI TEAM in the state!
 Join us to learn from elite-level instructors, achieve YOUR GOALS, and REVOLUTIONIZE your submission grappling game! 🥇 We are among the most successful teams in Arizona, consistently producing HIGH-LEVEL ATHLETES who COMPETE and WIN on the biggest stages around the world! Don’t just train—train to become a champion!

 12
 WORLD CHAMPIONS

 23
 AMERICAN NATIONAL CHAMPIONS

 2
 PAN AMERICAN CHAMPIONS

 114
 STATE CHAMPIONS

 15
 MMA & MUAY THAI TITLES

 4
 FIGHT 2 WIN TITLES

 5
 ADCC OPEN TOP 10 TEAMS

 1
 ADCC CHAMPIONS

 157
 TEAM TITLES

 9
 ATHLETES APPEARANCES IN EBI

 2
 LAST WARRIOR STANDING TITLES

 1
 ARTE SUAVE TITLE

 1
 ATHLETES IN WHO'S NUMBER ONE

 2
 ATHLETES IN PGF

 2
 ATHLETES IN UFC

 2
 ATHLETES IN LFA

 1
 ATHLETES IN BELLATOR

 1
 ATHLETES IN BELLATOR

 ## JAY PAGES JIU-JITSU & MMA TRAINING CENTER IN BEAUTIFUL TEMPE, AZ! A BJJ GLOBETROTTER AFFILIATED ACADEMY! VISITOR AND TRAVELER FRIENDLY! Home of multiple time IBJJF Medalist, multiple time State & American National Champion, and undefeated in MMA, Jay Pages!

 **Jay Pages** is a passionate martial artist, coach, competitor, and a true student of the arts. He is a multiple-time champion in full-contact karate, MMA, Jiu-Jitsu, and submission wrestling. A graduate of Western International University with an MBA in marketing, he holds impressive ranks, including a 4th degree black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, a 2nd degree black belt in Japanese Jujitsu, a 2nd degree black belt in Judo, a 4th Dan black belt in Submission Arts Wrestling (S.A.W.), a hybrid form of catch wrestling taught by Hidetako Aso Sensei, and a 3rd degree black belt in Submission Catch Wrestling (S.C.W.) from the World Submission Wrestling Federation.
 Jay’s extensive experience includes training various law enforcement agencies, bouncers, security personnel, and both amateur and professional MMA fighters. As a retired undefeated professional fighter, he brings firsthand knowledge of combat effectiveness, ensuring that his training program focuses solely on strategies that work in real-life situations. This practical approach makes his martial arts school truly unique and has led his students to achieve titles in both amateur and professional MMA and Muay Thai, as well as success in submission-only competitions and the training of state, national, and international champions in BJJ and submission wrestling.
 Well-versed in numerous martial arts disciplines—including Western boxing, wrestling, catch wrestling, Muay Thai, Silat, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Sambo, Filipino Martial Arts, and mixed martial arts—Jay considers himself a lifelong student of the martial arts. He is dedicated to continuously improving his skills and expanding his knowledge.
 Jay’s journey has been marked by significant accomplishments: he received his black belt from Arthur Ruff on November 1, 2007, followed by a 1st degree black belt on December 8, 2012, a 2nd degree on April 18, 2014, and a 3rd degree on February 1, 2017. He earned his 4th degree black belt from Caio Terra on January 15, 2022, and is an official affiliate of the Caio Terra BJJ Association, holding certificates from both the Sport Jiu-Jitsu International Federation and the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation. Jay achieved his 2nd Dan black belt on November 14, 2015, his 3rd Dan on November 18, 2018, and his 4th degree black belt in Submission Arts Wrestling under 5th degree black belt Mike Martelle on November 18, 2022, making him one of only six S.A.W. black belts worldwide. He also received his 3rd degree black belt in Submission Catch Wrestling on November 29, 2022, and on August 29, 2023, he was awarded his black belt in Luta Livre Esportiva, with plans to receive his 1st degree black belt on July 28, 2024, under 5th degree black belt Babel Sambueza and the International Association of Luta Livre Esportiva (IALLE).
 Currently, Professor Jay Pages serves as the President of the IALLE in the USA, furthering his commitment to the martial arts community and the success of his students.

 “Jiujitsu is personal efficiency to protect the weaker, which anyone can do. It is the force of leverage against brute force.” – Helio Gracie.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art, combat sport system that focuses on grappling and especially ground fighting. BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend against a bigger, stronger, heavier assailant by using proper technique, leverage, and most notably, taking the fight to the ground, and then applying joint-locks and choke holds to defeat the opponent. BJJ training can be used for sport grappling tournaments. However, it can be used in some self-defense situations and does serve its purpose. Sparring (commonly referred to as rolling) and live drilling play a major role in training, and a premium is placed on performance, especially in competition, in relation to progress and ascension through its ranking system. Since its inception in 1882, its parent art of judo was separated from older systems of Japanese JuJutsu by an important difference that was passed on to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: it is not solely a martial art, but it is also a sport; a method for promoting physical fitness and building character in young people; and, ultimately, a way of life.

 Mixed martial arts (MMA), hybrid combat sport incorporating techniques from boxing, wrestling, judo, jujitsu, karate, Muay Thai (Thai boxing), and other disciplines. Although it was initially decried by critics as a brutal blood sport without rules, MMA gradually shed its no-holds-barred image and emerged as one of the world’s fastest-growing spectator sports in the early 21st century. MMA events are sanctioned in many countries and in all 50 U.S. states.

 The Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu Academy serves as the headquarters for the Jay Pages Association! We are one of the most progressive associations in the world and we are growing daily! We are also a part of the Caio Terra Association, lead by 12-time world champion Caio Terra! Our values are important to us. So are the values of those we associate with. Because of this, we have been a part of the worldwide phenomenon that is the BJJ Globetrotters since day 1! Its leader Christan Graugart has created a worldwide community of like-minded individuals against the mainstream population and insane amount of politics that runs rampant in the BJJ world!

 At the Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we challenge you to be the best you, you can be! We are here to help you strive to not be better than the person to your right or the person to your left, but better than yourself! The encouraging environment we foster here at the academy, each member of our family strives to encourage one another, to use maximum effort with maximum efficiency, and to help each other push ourselves to limits we never knew were possible and to help each other believe and achieve the what we once thought was impossible!

 At the Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu Academy, we believe that we have a program for everyone! No matter what your goals are! Whether it be to learn self-defense, get in shape or become the next UFC fighter, we have a program to fit your goals! We offer a free, no questions asked, no risk, no purchase necessary two-week trial! Just click on the button below and sign up!

 TWO WEEKS FREE

 ###### ARIZON'S PREMIERE MARTIAL ARTS TRAINING CENTER!

 ### WHY CHOOSE JAY PAGES JIU-JITSU & MMA?

 ## WE ARE A PROUD MEMBER OF THE CAIO TERRA ASSOCIATION AND THE BJJ GLOBETROTTERS!
 - FUNDAMENTAL CLASSES FOLLOW THE CURRICULUM set forth by 12-time world champion, Professor Caio Terra! - THE CTA STANDARD: We believe that through Jiu-Jitsu, we can transform lives, building champions on and off the mat! - At Jay Pages Jiu-Jitsu & MMA, we believe in THE ONE TEAM/ONE FAMILY PHILOSOPHY! Everyone gets better together as one team and one family! - FITNESS TO THE NEXT LEVEL! Dynamic movements and actively resisting opponents is what takes our fitness to that next level! - Much different than a traditional cardio class, NO TWO TRAINING SESSIONS ARE EVER GING TO BE THE SAME! - Whether you're a black belt or someone that has never stepped onto a mat before, EVERYONE IS ALWAYS WELCOME! - We teach you PROPER BODY MECHANICS AND PROPER TECHNIQUE that helps you build a strong and solid foundation! - What we teach you in our fundamental classes will help BUILD YOUR BASE AND FOUNDATION so you can evolve and advance to where you can APPLY THE CONCEPTS AND TECHNIQUES AGAINST RESISTING OPPONENTS! - TECHNIQUE CONQUERS ALL! - Last but not least, ABSOLUTELY NO JIU-JITSU POLITICS! A main tenant of the BJJ Globetrotters!

 ## WE OFFER A TWO WEEK, NO OBLIGATION FREE TRIAL! TRY ANY OF OUR CLASSES FPR TWO WEEKS ON US! COME EXPERIENCE THE CAIO TERRA DIFFERENCE!

 TWO WEEKS FREE
