---
source_url: http://www.hindscombatsports.com
final_url: https://hindscombatsports.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:55.385Z
---

Home WordPressAdmin 2024-04-02T01:24:33+00:00 ## Premier Muay Thai & Brazilian JiuJitsu Gym in Long Island City

 FREE TRIAL

 ## WHO WE ARE
 We are the premier training center for Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Brazilian JiuJitsu, Group Fitness Classes, Personal Training and Strength & Conditioning in Long Island City, NYC!
 Hinds Combat Sports offers authentic Muay Thai & Jiu-Jitsu training in the heart of Long Island City, NY. We are a world-class training facility that caters to all levels and goals.

 ABOUT US

 STAFF

 SCHEDULE

 PROGRAMS

 CONTACT US

 ## FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

 #### I don't have any experience. Can I train at Hinds Combat Sports?
 Absolutely! Many of our members didn’t have experience prior to joining either. Beginners are welcome!

 #### Do I need to be in shape before joining?
 No! If you need to get in shape, our classes are the quickest, easiest, and most fun way to do it!

 #### Do you offer kids classes?
 Yes! We offer group, private, and semi-private training for kids. Please email [email protected] for more information.

 #### Will I get in shape learning Muay Thai?
 Yes! Fitness is an essential part of Muay Thai. Expect to burn over 700 calories each class, depending on which class you take.

 #### I want to learn Muay Thai but I don't want to spar. Do I have to spar?
 No. We actually have classes designed for people who want all the self defense and fitness benefits of Muay Thai without the sparring. You’ll never be forced to spar or do anything that you’re uncomfortable with.

 #### Do you offer any type of trial class?
 Yes!, We offer a free trial class so that you can get a feel of what we offer, and how it can benefit you. Call or email us to set up your free class today!

 #### It's my first time doing Muay Thai. I don't have any gear, can I still train?
 Yes! Hinds Combat Fitness will lend you gear for your first class. We have dedicated gloves and shin guards for trial classes that are thoroughly disinfected.
 Upon signup, your “New Member Package” will include all the essential equipment you’ll need (Gloves, Shin Guards and Hand Wraps) for our Foundations level classes. Additional gear is also available for purchase at Hinds Combat Sports.

 FREE TRIAL SIGN UP

 ## PREMIER MUAY THAI & BRAZILIAN JIUJITSU GYM IN LONG ISLAND CITY Learn more about us and how to start your free trial
