---
source_url: http://vanquishselfdefense.com/schedule
final_url: https://vanquishselfdefense.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:43.769Z
---

Our Monthly Programs

 - Adult Jiu Jitsu- Now Available Adult Jiu Jitsu is for Men and Women over the age of 16 years old. You will learn submissions, wrestling and many techniques that can save your life or help you win your next tournament. Sign up here - Youth Jiu Jitsu- Now Available Youth Jiu Jitsu is for boys & girls aged 6-15. Jiu Jitsu teaches children to defend themselves, develop work ethic and perseverance. Plus, it is a great workout. Sign up here - Vanquish Kickboxing- Adults and Youth BOXING, KICKBOXING, MUAY THAI & MMA STRIKINGWe will work pads, bags, footwork, head movement and various drills and workouts to increase striking skills. We have classes suited to everyone from beginners to serious competitors. Available Classes - Beginner Adult Kickboxing The current Beginner Adult Kickboxing class that we offer is to teach some fundamentals of kickboxing, as well as be a self paced, full body workout. It consists of Kickboxing movement, bags, Plyometric, Calisthenics, bands and other equipment to help with muscle strength, balance, fat loss and overall health. The point is to show up, have fun and get a killer work out while learning the basics of kickboxing. Available Classes - Vanquish Self Defense Systems We do Self Defense Seminars throughout the year, usually on Saturdays. We also do 1 on 1 self defense lessons, corporate/ business seminars and in home seminars. Check our Self Defense Seminar Page for more info. About Seminars - PRIVATE LESSONS- 1 on 1 Private lessons are available and will be suited for what you want to learn (jiu jitsu, wrestling, boxing, kickboxing, MMA or Self Defense. Please contact us for more information. Private Lessons range from $45-$60 per hour Available Classes
 Sign Up Now
