---
source_url: http://vanquishselfdefense.com
final_url: https://vanquishselfdefense.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:43.918Z
---

Subscribe to our YouTube Channel-
 It helps out our gym. And it helps you stay up to date on jiu jitsu and self defense techniques.

 Sign Up/ Pricing
 Sign Up/ Pricing

 Subscribe
 Subscribe

 ### TRY OUT A FREE WEEK

 VISITORS- Click Here and select 'visitor’ for 1 Free Week
 VISITORS- Click Here and select 'visitor’ for 1 Free Week

 ### BENEFITS OF MARTIAL ARTS AND SELF DEFENSE
 You will learn how to defend yourself effectively and you will build a confidence that will carry over into all aspects of life. Through continued training, you will build character and learn to persevere through tough situations in the gym, which will translate into your business, parenting and overall being. You will also get in better physical shape while learning and having fun.
 Come Join the Vanquish Team.

 #### Client Testimonials

 #### “Highly Recommend a Self Defense Seminar!” “As this world becomes more scary for females to go anywhere, I was given peace of mind sending my daughter off to college after we took a self defense seminar together with Vanquish Self Defense Systems. We learned so much in such a short period of time. Instructors didn't just show us cool techniques, they explained the why behind it and how it can be implemented in a real life situation. We left the class feeling confident that we can better protect ourselves.”
 -Stephanie Santana

 #### “What an eye opener!” “I drove from Show Low and brought my daughter to the Vanquish self defense seminar. What an eye opener! We learned and practiced choke holds, defense and some strikes. The Coaches expressed the importance of situational awareness and continued training. Although we learned a lot in 2 hours, we also learned that more training equals more tools for self defense. We’ll be looking for a jiu jitsu and boxing classes locally and will definitely attend more Vanquish seminars/ classes in the future. - Leah

 #### “The culture here is phenomenal” “I’ve been training Jiu Jitsu for about 10 years total and with Mike and Vanquish for the last three. I honestly didn’t expect the level of instruction to be comparable to my old gym, as the instructors were very experienced. My expectations were exceeded and my jiu jitsu has improved significantly. Mike finds the holes in each students game and shows us what we need to work on, to help us grow and improve. The camaraderie we have as a team makes us strive to be better. The culture here is phenomenal and I truly look forward to each class. -Kent Buckley

 ### 2025 SPONSORS
