---
source_url: https://www.evolutionathletix.com
final_url: https://evolutionathletix.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:18.543Z
---

LARGEST PERFORMANCE TRAINING and MIXED MARTIAL ARTS FACILITY in Maine

 ## Get Schedule Details
 Schedule Details

 ## LOCATED AT ### 4 Cascade Rd. Saco, ME 04072

 ## WHY EVOLUTION ATHLETIX Located in Saco, Maine, Evolution Athletix is Southern Maine’s premier facility for group fitness and martial arts.
 We have just under 14,000 square feet, top of the line equipment, 15+ programs, and a world class team of instructors.
 Our goal is to provide an affordable and inviting gym experience for all ages, levels of fitness and skill. Whether you want to try boxing for the first time, enjoy doing yoga, want to enroll your child in a youth martial arts program or are looking for personal training, we have options for everyone!

 ## CLASSES With our diverse and always changing classes, we look to cater to people of all ages. We seek out the highest level instructors for all of our programs to ensure that our members have the best experience possible.

 ## Crossfit

 ## MMA

 ## Fitness

 ## Youth

 # Evolution Athletix # Facility Tour

 ## Meet Our Instructors!

 Passionate, skilled, and dedicated to helping you achieve your fitness and martial arts goals. Learn from the best at Evolution Athletix!

 
 #### Mystique Melancon A passionate CrossFit trainer with eight years of competitive experience and a Level 1 Certification earned in 2022. She is dedicated to helping others push beyond their physical and mental limits, while also finding joy in the competitive nature of the sport and her enthusiasm for outdoor and social activities.

 
 #### Taylor Costantino A seasoned mixed martial arts instructor with over nine years of experience in training and competition. Known for his success in grappling tournaments, he’s passionate about working with kids, using a structured program that not only teaches martial arts but also helps them build important life skills along the way.

 
 #### Alyssa Taylor A Purple Belt in BJJ, Submission Grappling coach, and Kids MMA Training Instructor at Evolution Athletics, where she focuses on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and grappling. Earning her blue belt in BJJ is one of her proudest achievements, and she loves working with kids, creating a positive and encouraging environment that helps them grow both in their skills and confidence. Outside the gym, Alyssa has a big love for music, which adds another layer to her creative and well-rounded personality.
