---
source_url: https://truejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://truejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:59.547Z
---

True Jiu-Jitsu

 True Jiu-Jitsu

 © 2026 True Jiu-Jitsu

 # BJJ Revolution Team ## Offering Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Round Rock, Tx

 ## Step on the mats, your first week is free.

 About us We have a fun, family-friendly environment that welcomes both children and adults. Our kids classes are open to children beginning at 4 years old.
 Our programs are designed for anyone looking to improve their health, fitness level or quality of life. Leading the kids and evening classes is Black Belt instructor Shane Zeringue who brings a unique approach to the instruction of Jiu-Jitsu and has an infectious love for the art. He strives to not only teach the techniques, but to help you perfect them. Newcomers can expect a welcoming atmosphere, camaraderie among its members and quality instruction. Seminars, camps and special events are held throughout the year to help build on these attributes of the academy. For our kids programs we also provide special classes, competition training, seminars and summer camps. Our doors are always open to the Jiu-Jitsu community, come by and visit!

 ## A few things we’re great at Training is hard, but we make it fun!

 ### Kids BJJ We have constructed a kids BJJ program that develops skills that children can utilize both on and off the mats. Our focus is that your child receive the best that this art has to offer in a fun and safe environment.

 ### Adult BJJ Our Adult BJJ program welcomes both men and women of all ages and fitness levels to learn the valuable sport of jiu-jitsu. All techniques learned can be easily translated into self-defense applications.

 ### Open Mats Join us for open mats! All skill levels welcome. A great chance to roll and train in a friendly, good vibes atmosphere.

 ## Our team

 #### Shane Zeringue ##### owner/gi collector/head instructor

 #### Dr. Ernesto Medina, DC ##### black belt/ 6am instructor

 #### kris ##### lapel choker/CFO

 ###### honorable mentions to our students who assist… we appreciate them immensely

 ## Ready to train? There’s no better time to try a class than today, sign up for your free trial!

 Free Trial

 ## Testimonials A few kind words from current members, former members, parents and visitors…

 Great gym for learning Jiu-jitsu and the core tenets around Judo and wrestling. All ages, youth and competitive have a place. Coach does a great job of creating a challenging but welcoming culture
 ##### Brett Dieterich

 Great, friendly place. Great for kids to learn Jiu-Jitsu and have fun.
 ##### Vicki Godsted

 Great place to train. Down to earth, giving both advice, correction and encouragement. Shane and the other instructors know exactly how to guide different types of people on their journey of BJJ 5/5 stars!
 ##### Stephen Casey

 I was in town for a few days for work I popped into the academy and the hospitality was incredible. Coaches are knowledgeable and Humble. It was awesome to practice some Judo/Bjj during my work trip and if I’m ever back in town I will definitely come back in for some rounds.
 ##### Villy Grapp

 You cannot go wrong when you choose True Jiu Jitsu. Coach Shane is amazing. Very personable and technical. He develops a strong relationship with each of his students and ensures that they execute techniques with perfect form down to the most minute details. The athletes are truly wonderful. Great group of people that will both challenge you and make you laugh. I can’t say enough good things about this gym.
 ##### Amber Greer

 Great school ! Highly recommend if your thinking about signing up with a gym. Youth program is great and Coach Shane is really good with the kids. Stern but friendly.
 ##### Bryan Flores

 ## Our Teammates

 LOCKHART BJJ

 REVOLUTION DOJO

 CECONI BJJ

 FAST LANE

 MAVEN JIUJITSU

 GLADIATORS ACADEMY

 Julio “Foca” Fernandez

 Rodrigo Medeiros

 ## Questions? #### If you don’t see the answer to your question on our FAQ page, send a message!

 ## Msg us and we’ll get right back to you.

 Your name

 Your email

 Subject
 Inquiry Pricing Membership Mat Mentions Events
 Your message

 ## Photos Training, competing, traveling and just having a good time

 View Gallery

 - (512) 921-4064 - 2111 Sam Bass Rd B1300 Round Rock, Tx 78681

 © 2026 True Jiu-Jitsu. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Round Rock, Tx
