---
source_url: https://www.cmmnwlth.org/membership
final_url: https://www.cmmnwlth.org/membership
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:39.501Z
---

# Jiu-Jitsu for All.

 # Why Commonwealth?

 ✅ No Contracts, No Hidden Fees
 ✅ A Safe, Clean, and Friendly Environment
 ✅ World-Class Coaches Dedicated to Your Success

 TRY A FREE CLASS
 TRY A FREE CLASS

 Flexible Schedule to Fit Your Life
 Morning, evening, and weekend classes—train when it works for you.
 Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai & Judo Under One Roof
 Expand your game with striking, grappling, and takedowns.
 Kids Jiu-Jitsu Classes for Confidence & Discipline
 A fun, safe, and structured program designed to build confidence, focus, and self-discipline while learning real self-defense skills.
 Beginner-Friendly & All Levels Welcome
 Whether you’re new or experienced, you’ll find the right training for you.
 Competition Training for Those Who Want It
 Get elite-level prep, coaching, and team support.
 Full Weight Room Access
 Strength training equipment available for members.
 Open Mat Access
 Extra time to drill, roll, and refine your game.
 A Place to Learn & Grow
 Whether for fitness, self-defense, or competition—this is your space to improve.
 Free access to Patreon
 Members get full access - technique videos, match breakdowns, training tips

 # Membership Benefits

 JOIN NOW
 JOIN NOW

 “ Simply the best Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai gym in Michigan for all ages and experience levels. Whether you’re just starting or want to compete at the highest levels, you will find training partners and a community ready to be your second family. ” — Jay

 “ Awesome place to train. The gym has world class instructors and the atmosphere is very welcoming. Super clean gym, with 4 full showers, something that is hard to find in normal Jiu Jitsu gyms. Fully stocked weight room in the back as well. Highly recommend this place! ” — Ketaki

 “ Does not get any better then this. The facility and the training are amazing, but they are still second to Justin & Dan’s hospitality. If you want people who truthfully care about you or your children, look no further then Commonwealth. ” — Andrew
