---
source_url: http://www.panterajj.com
final_url: https://www.panterajj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:28.507Z
---

- Martial Arts - Muay Thai

 Menu panterabjj

 Professor​Roberto Portocarrero​ Professor Roberto started his training in 1998 with Conan Silveira, one of the head coaches of American Top Team. Throughout the years he has trained with amazing teachers such as Dustin Denes, Pablo Popovitch, Liborio, and Marcelo Silveira. Having trained many styles of Jiu Jitsu, Roberto can guide you with the fundamentals of jiujitsu and also show you the latest state of the art techniques. |

 Wrestling Coach

 J ustin Valhuerdi

 With over 15 years of dedicated experience in wrestling, Justin has built a reputation for excellence, perseverance, and leadership on and off the mat. A top-10 ranked high school wrestler, Justin earned state and regional recognition for consistent performance and technical skill.
 Following a standout high school career, Justin continued to compete at the collegiate level, becoming a national qualifier while representing Itasca Community College in Minnesota. Known for a relentless work ethic and deep knowledge of the sport, Justin has gained valuable insights into high-level competition, training discipline, and the mental toughness it takes to succeed.
 Whether mentoring younger athletes or continuing to grow within the sport, Justin brings passion, experience, and a lifelong commitment to wrestling.

 Timetable of classes Gi - class wearing traditional jiu-jitsu kimonoNo Gi - class wearing shorts and rash guardOpen mat- drilling and rolling open class welcome to everyoneCompetition Class- preparation for competition Sign up | ​ 9:00AM 10:00AM ​11:00AM ​12:00PM ​7:00PM 7:45PM Monday Value No Gi Tuesday GI . . . Gi ​Wednesday​ Gi Value . No Gi Thursday GI . Wrestling Friday No Gi . Gi . Saturday No GI Value . Sunday Value Value . . . . | ​ | 9:00AM | 10:00AM | ​11:00AM | ​12:00PM | ​7:00PM | 7:45PM | Monday | Value | | | | | No Gi | Tuesday | GI | . | . | | . | Gi | ​Wednesday​ | Gi | | | Value | . | No Gi | Thursday | GI | | | | . | Wrestling | Friday | No Gi | | | . | Gi | . | Saturday | | No GI | | | Value | . | Sunday | Value | Value | . | . | . | .

 ## Prices ​​1 class | 10 classes | Unlimited | Private Lesson $25 | 185 | 170 | 75 ​ | ​per 10 classes (3 month exp) | per month | per unit | | | | | | JOIN | Order | Order | Order

 Bjj - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 | About Pantera Jiujitsu is now open in North Miami Beach area. We teach jiujitsu with kimono and without kimono. Jiujitsu is for everyone! It doesn't matter your age or physical condition. We work together so you can improve at your own pace.We seek values and principles through the art, sport and lifestyle of jiujitsu to build the physical and mental development of each of our students. Start enjoying the many benefits of this beautiful art by giving us a call and taking that first step!We take pride in offering excellent instruction at affordable prices.

 ## Testimonials If u r looking for the best Brazilian jiu jitsu school in north miami beach / sunny isles / aventura / north miami that teaches old and new jiu jitsu thats the right place. There is gi and no gi and the best part is that there are early morning classes and late night as well so it works for any schedule! Great location with parking. Prof Carrero is very knowledgeable and respectful and he makes sure that you learn the best and most effective techniques of jiu jitsu for competition and also self defense. Overall 5 stars and highly recommended jiu jitsu academy! ​Plv Llc​24.12.2021 | If your new to Martial arts and want to learn jiu jitsu this is the best place to learn. Carrero explains everything very well. And i have made lots of progress already. Reccomend this place to everyone DonLean12.04.2022 | Vertical Divider best place in FLORIDA to train no gi and gi, Roberto is very knowledgeable instructor, very responsible so no-one gets injured, very nice people here, if you live near by you have to join this self defense school, and if you are jiu jitsu person thats your heaven! visiting miami come by gi or no gi! Vasile M18.09.2022

 More reviews on Google

 ## Contact Us Adress: 15427 NE 21st Ave, North Miami Beach, FL 33162, United States
 ​
 Contact us to book a training​.
 Call: ​ 786-343-7066
 Or fill out the form below
 * Indicates required field Your Name * Phone Number * Email * Comment * Submit |

 Checkout our IG page for techniques and Bjj related stuff!
