---
source_url: http://www.stonehousemartialarts.com/programs
final_url: https://stonehousemartialarts.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:57.863Z
---

# BEGINNER/NEW STUDENTS #### Pre-SKILL Karate For ages 4 to 6
 Our Pre-SKILL Karate is specifically designed for our youngest students. You attend two classes per week with a different topic each week.

 Limited class size (12 students with two instructors). Each semester is 16 weeks long.

 #### Youth INTRO Karate For ages 7 to 12
 Our Youth INTRO Karate classes are designed to teach you all the foundational skills needed to be successful at learning karate. You attend two classes per week.

 After two semesters in the Youth INTRO Karate program, students advance to the Youth COLOR Belt Karate classes.

 #### Teen/Adult Karate #### Teen/Adult Karate
 For ages 13 and up
 Our Teen/Adult Karate classes are designed to teach you all the foundational skills needed to be successful at learning karate. You can attend as many classes per week as you want.

 After one semesters in the Teen/Adult Karate program, students test for their yellow belt and continue their journey to Black Belt.

 ## current students karate #### COLOR Belt Karate #### COLOR Belt Karate #### COLOR Belt Karate
 Youth students 7 to 12 or
 Teen/Adult 13 and up
 After their time in the INTRO program, students start learning our traditional karate curriculum including forms (kata), one-steps (partner exercises), sparring (kumite) and traditional weapons.

 Time to start working towards your black belt.
 At the end of each 19-week semester students may test for their next rank (Kup) and wear their new color belt.

 #### Black Belt Club #### COLOR Belt Karate #### COLOR Belt Karate
 Youth students 7 to 12 or
 Teen/Adult 13 and up
 After testing for your advanced brown belt, it is time to commit to the final phase of training towards your black belt.

 This is the big transition. From now on all tests are done individually.

 ## self-defense #### Self-Defense Seminar For ages 13 and up
 We offer seminars on various topics throughout the year. Dates and details will be announced here.

 #### Private and Corporate Training All ages
 Contact us about private or corporate training options.

 Team building events or specific training for employees and individuals are available.

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
