---
source_url: http://www.stonehousemartialarts.com
final_url: https://stonehousemartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:58.040Z
---

Timeless traditions for today....!!

 # Karate Trains Body and Mind Karate Trains Body and Mind Karate Trains Body and Mind Karate Trains Body and Mind

 Call us (218) 522-4491

 ### open enrollment for spring semester 2026 - sign up now

 ## Spring semester is coming to an end #### sign up now for the fall Semester 2026!! Pre-SKILL (age 4 to 6)
 Tuesday/Thursday 4:30pm class Contact us to be put on the waiting list!

 Youth INTRO (age 7 to 12)
 Monday/Wednesday 4:30pm class Contact us to be put on the waiting list!
 Tuesday/Thursday 5:30 pm class Contact us to be put on the waiting list!

 Teen/Adult (13 and up) SUMMER semester OPEN for registration
 Monday/Wednesday 8:00pm and Friday at 7:00pm
 Tuesday 9:00 am morning class

 Contact us to get on our waiting list for the fall semester!

 ## What are you looking for? ### Children and Youth Karate ### Children and Youth Karate ### Children and Youth Karate
 Classes for beginners age 4 to 12

 Learn more

 ### Teen/Adult Karate ### Children and Youth Karate ### Children and Youth Karate
 Classes for beginners age 13 and up.

 Learn more

 ### Self-Defense ### Children and Youth Karate ### Self-Defense
 Private classes - Seminars - Corporate training

 Learn more

 ## Reviews

 ## Social

 ## Contact Us If you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our program, send us a message. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

 #### StoneHouse Martial Arts - Duluth info@stonehousemartialarts.com 218 522 4491

 #### Hours Monday - Friday: 3pm - 9pm
 Saturday: By appointment only
 Sunday: By appointment only

 Get in Touch!
 #### Get in Touch! Name*

 Email*

 Phone*

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get in Touch!

 ## DULUTH LOCATION

 #### Better yet, see us in person! We want you to make an informed decision, so feel free to visit during normal business hours.
 No appointment needed.

 #### StoneHouse Martial Arts - Duluth 4013 Woodland Avenue, Duluth, Minnesota 55803, United States
 (218) 522-4491

 Drop us a line! #### Drop us a line! Name*

 Email*

 Phone*

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 Send
 Cancel

 Get directions

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
