---
source_url: http://rootsbjjaz.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: http://rootsbjjaz.com/kids-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:34.146Z
---

# Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Ages 5-13 Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Gilbert Arizona
 Beginner Kids Gracie Jiu Jitsu Classes Enrolling Now!
 Let Roots BJJ And Fitness bring out the CHAMPION in your child.

 The KIDS program is the pride and joy of Roots BJJ And Fitness! We know the kids are our future and we feel instilling them with discipline, confidence, and a hard work ethic is cruical for their development. Head instructor, and black belt Gerson Atoigue has created a world class kids program and curriculum. He will teach and inspire you child to reach goals never thought possible.
 Your child will develop a solid foundation in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, while getting a great workout and learning important life skills as well as self defense skills.
 We’ve designed our kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class to suit kids of all ages and skill levels. From the beginner to the more advanced child with previous training experience, your child with love our enthusiastic and fun approach to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 ### Benefits - Your child’s self-respect and self-confidence will skyrocket - Our Jiu-Jitsu classes give kids an appreciation of a healthy lifestyle - Your child will master the art of self control - Learn how to handle tough situations like bullies and peer-pressure - We instill important character values such as honesty, integrity, kindness, courtesy and respect - Increased focus, and concentration. Paramount for proper school performance and test taking.

 ## get one free week now! Come give Brazilian Jiu Jitsu a try in a fun, safe and welcoming environment.
 Click below now to get your free week!
 Get My Free Week Now!
