---
source_url: http://rootsbjjaz.com/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: http://rootsbjjaz.com/adult-brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:35.206Z
---

# Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes: Ages 13+ Looking for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Gilbert AZ? Then come check out our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at Roots BJJ And Fitness and get your FREE WEEK TRIAL now! Lead by head instructor and black belt, Gerson Atoigue, and black belt Jay Inciong. Roots BJJ And Fitness provides a welcoming and friendly atmosphere, with world-class equipment and instruction.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes are geared towards the beginner and seasoned veteran alike.

 ### Class Outline - Learn the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - Learn how to attack, defend and escape from every position - Techniques ranging from beginner to advanced level

 ### Get in shape! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu not only teaches a vast array of skill, but also provides a tremendous workout. You can expect to burn 500-1000 calories on an average workout. Enjoying the training itself is important in being able to sustain the workouts and stay consistent. Get in the best shape of your life and enjoy yourself while you do it!

 ### Why Should I Train BJJ? - You will lose fat and gain muscle - Your cardiovascular endurance will increase exponentially - You’ll learn how to defend yourself in real world situations - You will have fun and make many new friends - Improved self confidence and self esteem - You will learn a lifelong skill, that can be applied to everyday life both physically and mentally

 ### Boost Self Confidence! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will boost your self-confidence in may ways. Not only will you be learning to defend yourself, but you will also be pushing yourself to new heights mentally and physically. Additionally it will help transform your appearance, and body image. We will teach you how to overcome obstacles, and achieve your goals.

 ## get one free week now! Come give Brazilian Jiu Jitsu a try in a fun, safe and welcoming environment.
 Click below now to get your free week!
 Get My Free Week Now!
