---
source_url: http://rootsbjjaz.com
final_url: http://rootsbjjaz.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:37.560Z
---

- Get one free week of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu now! get my free week now! - Get one free week of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu now! get my free week now! - Get one free week of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu now! get my free week now!

 # Welcome to Roots BJJ and Fitness! Roots BJJ is a family owned, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy located in Gilbert, Arizona. Here at Roots we pride ourselves on not only our world class facility, and instructors, but also our welcoming and encouraging environment. We are passionate about Jiu Jitsu and sharing the art with everyone who steps onto our mats.
 We offer classes for kids, and adults, of all skill levels. From new to the black belt alike.
 We look forward to welcoming you into our family, and taking part in your Jiu Jitsu journey.

 Get one free week of Brazilian
 Jiu Jitsu now!
 click here now!

 ## pick your program adult brazilian jiu jitsu

 kids brazilian jiu jitsu

 Women's Jiu Jitsu

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### Learn the most powerful Martial Art used by UFC Champions! BEGINNERS WELCOME! Come train under our friendly black belt instructors and learn to defend yourself, burn fat, build muscle, improve your confidence, and have FUN in a safe and welcoming environment. Not only will you get into the best shape of your life, you'll make new friends too! ANYONE, no matter your age or fitness level, can learn Jiu Jitsu.
 Click below and check us out.
 View our brazilian jiu jitsu program

 ## what people are saying
 John Belcher

 Roots BJJ and fitness has a great environment for both adults and kids. Very knowledgeable and technical instructors that are very patient with both the beginners and the more experienced BJJ students. This is more than a gym, it's a family!!

 Brendan Hogan

 I've played a lot of sports growing up, this is by far the best coaching/instruction I've ever had. Great environment. I highly recommend this academy.

 Janee Taitingfong

 Great facility!! Very family oriented! Gerson is an amazing person and definitely portrays his love and passion for jiu-Jitsu in his teachings. ❤️❤️

 Andrew Garcia

 This gym is my new home! I’ve been going for 4 days now and can’t get enough! I’ve had under a year of Jiu Jitsu training years ago, i couldn’t of made a better decision getting back into Jiu Jitsu. I am honored to be taught by Gerson!

 Steve Borunda

 You won't find a better place to train Jiu Jitsu in this area !!!! Great family atmosphere and group of students that are always willing to help !!!!!

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ### Creating happier, healthier and more confident kids! Studies have proven that kids involved in Martial Arts are happier, get better grades, have more self esteem, and are better behaved. Not only that, but our Kids Jiu Jitsu program will teach your child how to defend themselves from bullies WITHOUT hurting anyone. And, they'll have a TON of FUN with their new friends! Click below to get them started.
 View Our Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program

 get one free week now!
 Come give Brazilian Jiu Jitsu a try in a fun, safe and welcoming environment.
 Click below now to get your free week!
 Get My Free Week Now!

 1497 E Baseline Rd Bldg #4 STE #103 Gilbert, AZ 85233
 (602) 607-7160
