---
source_url: http://www.namskarate.com
final_url: https://namskarate.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:48.507Z
---

#### Generations of Teaching Traditional Tang Soo Do since 1979 Grandmaster Taek Ho Nam has over 50 years of teaching and training experience in the ancient martial arts of Tang Soo Do, Tae Kwon Do, Hapkido and various other art forms. Grandmaster Nam has developed a system which is exclusively taught at Nam’s Korean Karate School. It uniquely blends the best of the ancient martial arts: Tang Soo Do, Tae Kwon Do, Hapkido, Kum Do and Weapons. This system is indeed a modern application of the ancient and traditional martial arts.
 The System is also a philosophy of mental discipline and self-control which will influence the students’ behavior and therefore encourage participation and pride in their family, community, school and workplace. In this way, the Art is used for the betterment of their society. As a result, a student will receive many benefits from their training.
 Young or old, male or female, large or small, it makes no difference; Nam’s Korean Karate School is for you. You will enjoy learning the martial arts from our highly qualified certified Black Belt instructors, who will make every effort to provide you with a safe, fun, and educational martial arts program. You will develop a new way of life both in the gym and outside the gym.
 GAIN CONFIDENCE HERE!!!

 Grandmaster T.H. Nam

 ## Nam’s Karate also offers exciting activities: ### Birthday Celebrations! (click/tap picture to learn more)
 Choose Nam’s Korean Karate School / Martial Arts Center to have a Karate Birthday Celebration ! It’s a unique, fun, and exciting experience you can’t get with any other birthday party, and it’s exclusively at Nam’s Martial Arts Center.

 ### Summer Day Kamp! (click/tap picture to learn more)
 Start the Summer with a KICK at Nam’s Martial Arts Center’s Summer Day Kamp!

 ### Free Community Classes! There are no Community Classes available at this time.
 We periodically offer FREE classes to our Communities, conducted by our Masters and Instructors Certified under the Pan-Am Tang Soo Do Federation!
 Our classes are FUN, SAFE, and EDUCATIONAL, and are sure to get you excited about the many wonderful benefits of Tang Soo Do (Korean Martial Arts). Let us show you why we have been the BEST at Teaching Traditional Martial Arts since 1979!

 Click the NMACommunity logo to see all the businesses in your community!
 ## Support Local Businesses! ### This month’s featured business:
