---
source_url: http://belairbjj.com
final_url: https://www.belairbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:26.717Z
---

- -

 EXPLORE

 ### jiu-jitsu and muay thai academy

 # OUR MISSION
 ##### train. ascend. repeat.

 For nearly a decade, our Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai academy has been a place where journeys begin, legacies are built, and pasts are overcome. Our mission is to equip students with the tools to succeed on the mat and in life by fostering a culture of excellence, teamwork, and community.

 BECOME A MEMBER
 BOOK A TRIAL CLASS

 ## ABOUT US
 At Bel Air BJJ, we know that every great journey starts with a single step, or in our case, a step onto the mat. We’re here to guide you through every stage of your climb, whether it’s mastering your first technique, building confidence, or pushing past limits you never thought possible.
 Our team-based coaching approach is designed to provide a variety of perspectives and expertise, ensuring you grow with the support of a village, not just a single guide. It’s not just about the destination, it’s about the lessons, strength, and resilience you gain along the way.
 ​
 What truly sets us apart is our family-first culture. From your first day, you’ll become part of a community that uplifts and supports each other, both on and off the mats. Whether you’re here to learn self-defense, get fit, compete at the highest levels, or simply find a second home, we’re dedicated to helping you discover your strength and define your journey.
 With programs for all ages starting at 5, tailored training to match your goals, and a clean, state-of-the-art facility, Bel Air BJJ Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai Academy is where the ascent begins. Join us and start your journey today.

 CLAIM 3 FREE CLASSES TODAY

 # EXPLORE OUR ACADEMY

 # THE STORY BEHIND OUR BRAND
 ### Our brand is more than just a logo—it’s a reflection of the journey, the struggle, and the pursuit of something greater. Every detail has meaning, inspired by the path we walk on and off the mats. Click below to uncover the story behind our brand and what it truly represents. Click our logo to learn more >
