---
source_url: https://lp.aresbjjlathrop.com/referral-program/
final_url: https://lp.aresbjjlathrop.com/referral-program/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:10.278Z
---

## REFERRAL PROGRAM Ares BJJ Academy
 Bring one friend ;
 Earn points ;
 Exchange for rewards !

 REFER A FRIEND NOW

 ## Refer a Friend

 ## The Rewards
 ## 100 points

 ## 200 points

 ## 300 points

 ## 400 points

 ## 500 points

 ## 1.000 points

 ## 2.000 points

 ## 3.000 points

 ## Who We Are
 Ares Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy is proudly located in Lathrop, California, and is part of one of the fastest-growing Jiu Jitsu organizations in the world.
 Our Lathrop academy is led by Professors Eduardo and Cassia , who are personally dedicated to guiding the growth and success of every student. Our mission is to make Brazilian Jiu Jitsu accessible to people of all ages, backgrounds, and skill levels.
 We invite you to stop by, meet our coaches, and experience the welcoming atmosphere of our community. Take advantage of a free trial class and see firsthand everything Ares Academy has to offer.

 ## Frequently Asked questions
 Eligibility
 All current members in good standing are eligible to participate in the referral program.

 Referral Verification
 Referrals must be verified by having the new member provide the referrer’s name upon signing up, or by submitting a referral form available at the GYM or online.

 Qualifying Referral
 A referral qualifies once the new member has signed up for a membership and has made their first payment.

 Reward Distribution
 Rewards for current members and the new member will be distributed monthly.

 No Limits
 There are no limits to the number of referrals a current member can make, but rewards willbe capped monthly.

 Referral Tracking
 Participants are responsible for ensuring their referrals are tracked properly. The club may provide an online dashboard or regular updates.

 Program Duration
 Start Date: 12/19/2025
 End Date: 03/11/2026

 Fair Play
 Any attempts to game the system may result in disqualification from the program.

 ### ARES Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu At Ares Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, excellence isn’t a goal it’s our baseline. We’re more than a gym. We’re a brotherhood forged in discipline, driven by purpose, and united by the relentless pursuit of mastery. From Lathrop CA to the world, we don’t just teach jiu-jitsu. We live it.

 - 17359 S Manthey Rd, Lathrop CA 95330

 - +1 (209) 446-7941

 - info@aresbjjlathrop.com

 Facebook Instagram

 ## @2025 Ares Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu | All rights reserved
 ## Jiu-Jitsu | All rights reservedx
