---
source_url: http://www.apocalypsejiujitsu.com/classes-info
final_url: https://www.apocalypsejiujitsu.com/classes-info
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:12.827Z
---

## BRAZILLIAN JIU-JITSU ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a world renowned martial art that was formed in 1882 by Helio and Carlos Gracie. This self-defense and combat sport’s primary focus is grappling and ground fighting. BJJ promotes the concept that a smaller individual can subdue a larger opponent with proper technique and leverage. This concept can enhance a person's ability to deal with any opponent with maximum efficiency. BJJ students practice a variety of techniques that include take-downs, controlling an opponent, and submissions. They sharpen their skills in sparring exercises which can be applied in both sport-BJJ and real-life self-defense situations. BJJ is also a key component in the extreme combat sport of mixed martial arts. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art or a sport; it is a way of life. It brings people of all walks of life together and allows them to build confidence while promoting humility and physical fitness. Children can also benefit from BJJ by learning discipline, respect, and the confidence to defend themselves if needed.

 ## LITTLE STARS JIU-JITSU ### Little Stars Jiu-Jitsu classes are designed for children ages 6-13, to learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) in a fun and safe environment. BJJ teaches children invaluable life lessons such as problem solving, self respect, and respect for others. Classes are run in a team setting but use a belt ranking system to measure each child's individual progress. Achieving a new rank gives children a feeling of accomplishment and teaches them that hard work pays off.
