---
source_url: http://www.apocalypsejiujitsu.com/instructor-bjj
final_url: https://www.apocalypsejiujitsu.com/instructor-bjj
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:13.067Z
---

## Steven Olivier//4th Degree ### Steven Olivier is a highly accomplished Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner with a remarkable background in law enforcement. With 18 years of invaluable experience in law enforcement, Steven possesses a deep understanding of tactical situations, self-defense techniques, and the importance of discipline and control. ### In addition to his extensive law enforcement career, Steven has dedicated himself to the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, achieving remarkable success in high-level competitions. His commitment and passion for the sport have propelled him to win prestigious titles such as the World Championship and the Pan American Championship, showcasing his exceptional skill, technique, and mental fortitude. ### Steven's journey in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has been marked by numerous victories in various other championships and organizations, further solidifying his reputation as a formidable competitor. His dedication to continuous improvement, relentless work ethic, and unwavering determination have contributed to his success on the mats. ### Combining his extensive law enforcement experience with his mastery of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Steven Olivier brings a unique perspective to the art, emphasizing practicality, efficiency, and effective strategies in self-defense situations. His ability to remain calm under pressure, analyze complex situations, and adapt his techniques accordingly is a testament to his exceptional skills both as a law enforcement professional and a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner. ### Steven's remarkable achievements in both law enforcement and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu serve as an inspiration to others, highlighting the importance of discipline, dedication, and the pursuit of excellence. He continues to contribute to the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu community through teaching, mentoring, and sharing his profound knowledge and experience with aspiring practitioners and law enforcement personnel alike. # Neelanjan choudhury//4th degree

 # john reilly//1st degree

 # Andrew marrero//black belt

 ## Andrew marrero//black belt ### Coach Andy Marrero is a Strength and Conditioning Coach, Spots Scientist, Olympic Weightlifting Coach, and a black belt.Currently, Andy is the Performance Director & Owner of On The Roll Performance, which is a sports performance company geared towards empowering the performance of athletes within the Hudson Valley, ranging from Combat Sports to youth athletes.Recently, Andrew attained his Masters in Sport and Exercise Science from Merrimack College while completing a year-long fellowship at the United States Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine (USARIEM); which is a research facility geared towards improving health and performance of Warfighters. Andy’s Masters’ dissertation was a narrative of the effects of heavy load carriage on the tactical population and providing possible methods to improve resiliency and efficiency. ###

 # Apocalypse jiu-jitsu # black belts

 # BLACK BELTS - Neelanjan choudhury//3rd degree 2. john reilly//1st degree 3. andrew marrero
