---
source_url: http://www.norcalfighting.com
final_url: https://www.norcalfighting.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:47.766Z
---

- Home - The Goat Invitational - Rumble in the Valley - Memberships - About NCFA - Instructors - NCFA Kids - NCFA Kickboxing - NCFA Boxing - Class Schedule - Benefits of NCFA

 # Northern California's Martial Arts and Fitness Center!
 TRY A FREE CLASS TODAY!

 SIGN UP NOW!

 # Come see what everyone talks about!

 ## NCFA KIDS
 If you’re interested in giving your child confidence while instilling positive values and good character, David Terrell’s jiu jitsu program is for you!

 Read more

 ## NCFA BOXING
 If you want to enhance your health, hand eye coordination and learn the best boxing techniques in Santa Rosa, then the boxing classes are for you. All levels and ages welcome.

 Read more

 ## NCFA MUAY THAI
 Join our Muay Thai Kickboxing classes for the best body conditioning, strength and techniques in Santa Rosa. All ages and levels welcome!

 Read more

 ## NCFA JIU JITSU
 Learn From Cesar Gracie Blackbelt David Terrell. From classes every day and women’s only classes you will be taking your jiu jitsu game to another level. All ages and all levels welcome.

 Read more

 # WHAT IS THE NCFA?
 This martial arts gym is your new home. With a stacked schedule of MMA you can be a well-rounded martial artist in many areas. We teach Brazilian jiu jitsu, Muay Thai Kickboxing, Boxing and wrestling, Ever since David started the NCFA he was established, He has gone above and beyond to be the first UFC Fighter to open an Martial arts gym in Northern California and the first all no-gi jiu jitsu academy in North America. He makes sure to provide Nothing but the best quality martial arts training for children and adults. David Terrell’s NCFA is for everyone! At the NorCal Fighting Alliance, we offer specialized programs for the entire family and MMA enthusiasts:
 NCFA jiu jitsu KIDS (ages 3-12 ), NCFA Kickboxing kids (ages 6-12), NCFA Wrestling kids (ages 6-12) NCFA WOMEN for ladies only, Beginner Jiu jitsu for beginner adults, and the Advanced grappling class for advanced adults. For over 15 years,David Terrell and his NorCal Fighting Alliance primary focus has been to teach MMA in a way that is welcoming, safe, and easy for new students, especially those with no previous experience. Today, his teaching methods, unique programs, and welcoming introductory classes, allow anyone to experience the magic of Mixed Martial Arts without feeling intimidated or overwhelmed.

 # BE SOCIAL WITH US!
 #

 Print | Sitemap
 © NorCal Fighting Alliance
 Web View Mobile View
 Logout | Edit page
