---
source_url: https://www.betaacademy.com/schedule/
final_url: https://www.betaacademy.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:05.620Z
---

GET A FREE TRIAL

 FULL SCHEDULE OF CLASSES
 FULL SCHEDULE OF CLASSES

 (202) 538-0422
 LET'S GET STARTED

 Select Program... Muay Thai Kickboxing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Mixed Martial Arts Kids Martial Arts Martial Arts Other

 SUBMIT

 Δ

 REFER A FRIEND

 At BETA, our success is completely and entirely tied to yours. We depend on our students for honest referrals earned by us delivering real results – it’s simply the best way to grow our community. Our singular purpose is to help our students, through martial arts, achieve the very best version of themselves, and we take great pride in seeing this to completion.
 Martial arts training is even more fun with friends!
 When you’ve met your goals, learned proper habits that work for you, and have established a proven path to continued physical and mental well-being, then we’ve both succeeded.
 To that end, if you’re a prior or current student and wouldn’t mind sharing your experience at BETA with others, we’d greatly appreciate it! We’re immensely thankful for your support and wish you all the very best in your martial arts journey.
 Please contact us via community@betaacademy.com to share your story with us!

 REFER A FRIEND

 1353 FLORIDA AVE, NW, Washington, DC 20009

 ©2024 BETA ACADEMY
 SITE DESIGN: PRESSURE MARKETING & DESIGN

 MON-THUR: 6AM-10PM
 FRI: 12PM-8PM
 SAT-SUN: 9AM-1PM

 (202) 538-0422
 info@betaacademy.com

 SUBSCRIBE

 Δ

 FOLLOW US FOR THE LATEST NEWS & EVENTS

 ©2025 BETA ACADEMY
 SITE DESIGN: PRESSURE MARKETING & DESIGN

 GET A FREE TRIAL AND INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO

 - - - - - - - -

 Try one of our beginner-friendly Muay Thai or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for FREE today.

 Fill in your contact info and let's get started!
