---
source_url: https://www.betaacademy.com
final_url: https://www.betaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:07.436Z
---

GET A FREE TRIAL

 ADULT & YOUTH PROGRAMS

 CLASSES FOR ALL AGES

 GET A FREE TRIAL

 GET A FREE TRIAL

 MUAY THAI KICKBOXING

 WRESTLING

 BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 KIDS CLASSES & PROGRAMS

 MIXED MARTIAL ARTS

 FREE NO-COMMITMENT TRIAL

 (202) 538-0422
 LET'S GET STARTED

 MEET OUR INSTRUCTORS

 As Washington DC’s largest, and most trusted martial arts academy, we strive to take an active role in the well-being of our community. BETA Academy’s focus is centered wholly on helping our members grow physically, mentally and spiritually stronger through martial arts practice.
 We strive to accomplish this by providing a friendly, professional, world-class martial arts training experience that challenges our students in a safe, clean environment. Our aim is to encourage all our students to make martial arts an integral and healthy part of their lives through the exploration of the art, history, and culture of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai.

 ABOUT US
 MEET OUR INSTRUCTORS

 BETA Academy is the largest martial arts school in Washington DC. Our 10,000 square foot facility features three unique mat areas dedicated to martial arts, fitness, and Strength & Conditioning instruction. The training areas are fully equipped with an MMA cage, boxing ring, premium punching bags, speed bags, Muay Thai pads, focus mitts and other tools to help our members become skilled martial artists.
 Ditch your gym membership and get martial arts and fitness all-in-one location! For the convenience of our members, BETA offers access to our state-of-the-art fitness studio as part of our premium membership packages. Our gym is stocked with all the latest equipment you need to increase strength, improve conditioning, and lose weight. In the studio, you’ll find barbells, squat rack, bench press, weights, kettlebells, yoga mats, resistance bands, and more to help meet your strength and conditioning goals.

 GET A FREE TRIAL

 WEIGHT MANAGEMENT

 Weight Management

 STRENGTH TRAINING

 The fact that you’re here, right now, reading this means that you’ve taken the first step in a commitment to bettering yourself. And we’re here ready to help you keep that commitment. We promise to match that energy and determination to deliver real results or your money back – guaranteed!
 To learn more about how we can help you feel better, move better, and ultimately live better, give us a shout. Call us at (202) 538-0422, or send us a message and one of our helpful team members will be in touch!

 CONTACT US

 REFER A FRIEND

 At BETA, our success is completely and entirely tied to yours. We depend on our students for honest referrals earned by us delivering real results – it’s simply the best way to grow our community. Our singular purpose is to help our students, through martial arts, achieve the very best version of themselves, and we take great pride in seeing this to completion.
 Martial arts training is even more fun with friends!
 When you’ve met your goals, learned proper habits that work for you, and have established a proven path to continued physical and mental well-being, then we’ve both succeeded.
 To that end, if you’re a prior or current student and wouldn’t mind sharing your experience at BETA with others, we’d greatly appreciate it! We’re immensely thankful for your support and wish you all the very best in your martial arts journey.
 Please contact us via community@betaacademy.com to share your story with us!

 REFER A FRIEND

 https://youtu.be/Z4LHV7tW2QU?si=OQRqtScHAFYbfdFP

 See what its like to train martial arts at BETA Academy. Learn effective self-defense in our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) program in Washington DC and grapple on the finest mats. Jump into a Muay Thai class and burn up to 1,000 calories to get into the best fighting shape of your life. Become a complete martial artist and train MMA.

 GET A FREE TRIAL

 Select Program... Muay Thai Kickboxing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Mixed Martial Arts Kids Martial Arts Martial Arts Other

 SUBMIT

 Δ

 ###### (202) 538-0422 info@betaacademy.com

 1353 FLORIDA AVE, NW, Washington, DC 20009

 ©2024 BETA ACADEMY
 SITE DESIGN: PRESSURE MARKETING & DESIGN

 MON-THUR: 6AM-10PM
 FRI: 12PM-8PM
 SAT-SUN: 9AM-1PM

 (202) 538-0422
 info@betaacademy.com

 SUBSCRIBE

 Δ

 FOLLOW US FOR THE LATEST NEWS & EVENTS

 ©2025 BETA ACADEMY
 SITE DESIGN: PRESSURE MARKETING & DESIGN

 GET A FREE TRIAL AND INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO

 - - - - - - - -

 Try one of our beginner-friendly Muay Thai or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for FREE today.

 Fill in your contact info and let's get started!
