---
source_url: http://www.cobrinhabjjlasvegas.com
final_url: https://cobrinhabjjlasvegas.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:28.938Z
---

## Join Us Today For A Free Trial Class! Sign Up Today!
 ##### Free Trial Class! ×

 ### Start Today and ## Change Your Life At Cobrinha BJJ Las Vegas, we believe that martial arts training can help every child and adult develop the mental and physical skills they need to succeed in life. Martial Arts isn’t just about self-defense like so many believe. At Cobrinha BJJ Las Vegas, it’s all about self-confidence, improved focus, physical strength, and positive social interaction. Cobrinha BJJ Las Vegas teaches our members to set goals, work hard, and follow-through, all the while having fun and making friends.
 Free Trial Offer
 ##### Free Trail Class! ×

 ## Features Martial Arts is very important to Cobrinha BJJ Las Vegas. Our instructors are here to guide, instruct, and motivate our members to be the best they can be and impact Las Vegas in a positive way. We are here to help parents raise their children to be confident leaders, boost their self-esteem, feel healthy, and get in great physical shape.

 - - Focus BJJ helps build mental toughness, teaches the value of hard work, and gives you the persistence you need in everyday life. - Growth Our classes will help you build confidence, develop a positive attitude, and instill lessons that are applicable in every aspect of your life. - Strength n BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost stamina and endurance. - Self-Defense Brazilian jiu-jitsu’s focus is to teach students who are smaller and weaker to defend themselves against a larger, stronger assailant.

 #### Adults ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art focusing largely on grappling and ground fighting. It focuses on the principles of leverage and proper technique to obtain dominant control on the ground, and provides a greater position to resolve conflict by using submission holds.
 Learn More

 #### Kids ### Brazilian Ju Jitsu There are many different types of Martial Arts out there, which can be hard to really understand the differences between styles when you are trying to choose what would be best for your child.
 Learn More

 #### Submission ### Grappling Submission Grappling is also known as submission fighting, combat grappling, or simply as No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu, and takes the same approach as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, but without the advantage (or disadvantage) of a uniform to grab on to.
 Learn More

 #### Women's ### Self-Defense Our program fosters self-confidence, teaches you how to protect yourself and your loved ones while simulating situations that are confrontational. It also facilitates weight loss, helps to build confidence, relieves stress, improves coordination, balance, and flexibility, and promotes functional st
 Learn More

 #### Kid's ### Striking At Cobrinha BJJ, our striking classes are taught in an encouraging, safe, and rigorous environment. Our instructors are prepared to teach your child at any level!
 Learn More

 #### Adult's ### Boxing While all forms of martial arts provide skills that can be utilized in self-defense, boxing takes the benefits to an entirely different level.

 ## Testimonials
 - - Excellent place to learn Jiu Jitsu from excellent professors. Guille Juarez Burgos Student - The level of instruction at this academy is unparalleled. Professor Hector and his staff do a phenomenal job at keeping this place clean, safe, and conducive to learning the art. Rithea Vong Student - Amazing team, training and environment! It is a MUST place to train when you are in Vegas! Jon Castro Student - Great family environment!!!! ...All the coaches are very helpful and pay close attention to the kids. I am happy a found the is Academy for my family. Steven Blake Parent - Hector is an amazing confidence-building professor. He is calm and patient and great with the kids! He and his family are super welcoming, we had a great experience this week! Jodi Oline Chaplin Parent - This place has the best kids program in Las Vegas. This is not day care for kids. They teach them structure and discipline. Sean William Parent - Definitely recommend this place. Everyone is very welcoming. Professor Hector and the coaches are very patient. The facility is cleaned daily after the Mats are used. Monica Magana Student - Great place to train. The entire team was very welcoming and helped me immediately feel comfortable while visiting from out of town... Adam Chant Student

 #### School ### Schedule More information on our current class schedule.
 More information on our current class schedule.
 Learn More

 #### Academy ### Rules What to expect on your first visit to our school.
 What to expect on your first visit to our school.
 Learn More

 #### Free ### Trial Offer Join us today for a free trial in the program of your choice!
 Join us today for a free trial in the program of your choice!
 Sign Up
