---
source_url: http://www.kidslovetkd.com/
final_url: https://kidslovetkd.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:40.210Z
---

# HELPING KIDS, TEENS, AND ADULTS BECOME THEIR BEST SELVES! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kid’s Martial Arts Teens Martial Arts Adult Martial Arts - Location Select Location Troutdale, OR Tualatin, OR Sandy, OR Gresham, OR

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for US World Class Taekwondo to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## SELECT A PROGRAM

 Kid’s Martial Arts
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teens Martial Arts
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Adult Martial Arts
 Martial arts classes are fun, empowering, and provide a great workout for adults.
 View Program

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojang and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Jen Osterhaus With Master Sam and other quality instructors at the helm, you can expect the BEST in Taekwondo instruction. USWC Taekwondo-Gresham has been voted Best Martial Arts school consecutively for several years, and it is well deserved. Family, respect, and giving back to the community are the main focus of what students are taught in Master Sam Lider's schools, and USWC Taekwondo-Downtown Gresham is no exception!

 Rob Hendrickson My kids have been going for a while and I just started last night. The instruction is awesome, but getting "yes sir" and whine-free bedtime out of my 4-year old is priceless!!!

 Melissa Bateen The instructors are amazing and my son loves being part of this Taekwondo family. If you are looking for a family oriented environment with caring, supportive instructors then give U.S. World Class Taekwondo a try.

 Rochell D Hart USWC is hands down one of THE best places to help your child learn not just martial arts, but also respect, confidence and discipline - all which will help create successful young men and women, on and off the mat! My son has been a part of the USWC Gresham family for more than a year and I consider it one of the best investments into my child that I've ever made.

 Teena Foster Training here has been a blessing. I couldn't have asked for more - from the staff to the facilities - for our family. Putting an emphasis on family-oriented values, academics and fitness, U.S. World Class Taekwondo has provided us with a safe, affordable activity for the entire family! Highly recommended!

 WHY CHOOSE US
 ## BENEFITS OF U.S. World Class Taekwondo
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors priority.

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 VIEW OUR ADULT MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 ### REQUEST INFORMATION ##### ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE & SPECIAL WEB OFFER! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer! Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY
