---
source_url: https://www.johnsonsmartialartsacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://johnsonsmartialartsacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:38.278Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts Classes In Montgomery

 ## Our Age-Specific Kids Martial Arts Classes Can Set Your Child Up For Success In All Aspects Of Life At Johnson's Martial Arts Academy, we know how important it is for your child to stay active and challenge their minds on a regular basis. Our Kids Martial Arts program does just that - and so much more.
 We are proud to offer age-specific classes that are great for students all across Montgomery. Whether your child is a complete beginner, an experienced athlete, or somewhere in between, we have a program just for them.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 ## Why Is Our Kids Martial Arts Program Right For Your Child? The truth is, we work hard to make sure our Kids Martial Arts program is right for every child in our community. Our classes are led by Black Belt instructors - including Master David Johnson and more - and we work hard to make sure every session is scalable for kids of all skill levels.
 Join us at Johnson's Martial Arts Academy in Montgomery for:
 Tiny Tigers (Ages 3-5): This class is all about the basics. We help our little ones focus on the foundations of movement, balance, and body control. They learn how to follow directions and have a blast in the process.
 Lil Ninjas (Ages 5-7): Our Lil Ninjas learn fundamental martial arts movements like kicks and punches. We help them focus on every small detail of our instruction and put their skills into action with exciting drills and challenges.
 Basic (Ages 8-12): Our Basic program is all about building students up one step at a time. We offer an exciting belt progression system that helps students set goals and commit themselves to the process.
 Students 13 years and older are invited to join us for Teen and Adult Martial Arts classes. Click here to learn more!
 ## PLUS, All Of Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Can Set Your Child Up For Long-Lasting Success At Johnson's Martial Arts Academy, we use the traditional teachings of taekwondo as a vehicle for well-rounded development in all of our students. We know that not every child will go on to be a black belt or a martial arts instructor themselves.
 Some will be doctors and lawyers and police officers. And we're here to help them stay prepared for whatever life throws their way.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Montgomery can help your child:
 - Learn respect and discipline in all aspects of life - Develop incredible leadership and teamwork skills - Build communication and conflict resolution strategies - Face life with complete self-confidence
 ## Don't Miss Out On Montgomery's Best Kids Martial Arts Classes! Give your child the best chance to thrive in everything they do. Our Kids Martial Arts classes at Johnson's Martial Arts Academy can help students of all backgrounds and abilities find success.
 Come see us in Montgomery today or fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - -

 ## Join Us Today For The Best Martial Arts Training In Montgomery Request information

 Mr. Johnson is an amazing instructor and he is very patient as well as intruding of the students. Both the parents and children have tremendous respect for him and my son loves going to class each week.

 Mr. Johnson is great with the kids! Our son loves taekwondo.

 Johnson's Martial Arts Academy is by far the BEST place to take your kids (and/or yourself) to meet people, have fun, get in shape and learn basic & advanced forms of Karate as well as other Martial Arts techniques.🤗🤗🤗

 I attended Johnson's Karate school some years ago when Mr Johnson, Instructor/Owner, was teaching his kickboxing classes and it was amazing. I was able to loose weight and get in shape while meeting so many wonderful people. My son, DeVante', has been a member of the school ever since he was in the 4th grade of elementary school and is now 26 years old and a Corporal in the U.S. ARMY. He would be the one to say that Mr Johnson and his team helped to shape him into the positive, hardworking man that he is today and when he is home, he NEVER misses a chance to stop by and work out with students.

 I can go on and on because I want all to know that if you are looking for a positive, fun, disciplined and education filled environment where making friends is just sooo easy, then Johnson's Martial Arts Academy is the place to be.💞

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
