---
source_url: https://www.johnsonsmartialartsacademy.com/classes/Adult-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://johnsonsmartialartsacademy.com/classes/Adult-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:38.518Z
---

# Adult Martial Arts Classes In Montgomery

 ## Build Strength And Self-Defense In Our Adult Martial Arts Classes Whether your goal is to challenge your body and take on a great workout or you're hoping to learn the ins and outs and traditional self-defense training, we have the answer for you here at Johnson's Martial Arts Academy.
 Our Adult Martial Arts program is perfect for men, women, and teens all across Montgomery. Anyone ages 13 and up is welcome in this program. No prior experience necessary!
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 PLUS, we're proud to offer an incredible leadership program for Teens all across our community. Click here to learn more!
 ## ## What Can You Expect From Our Adult Martial Arts Program? At Johnson's Martial Arts Academy, we offer professional instruction in the art of traditional karate and Taekwondo. Our classes are designed to help people of all skill levels thrive with the help of hands-on instruction and a safe, supportive environment.
 You'll learn how to strike with power and speed and stay safe in any situation. Our program is designed to build you up one step at a time with a focus on learning each technique before piecing it together into one coherent strategy.
 We're helping men and women all across Montgomery:
 - Develop powerful kicks and punches - Improve your reaction times to a threat - Build focus and attention to detail - Establish an unwavering sense of self-confidence
 ## And Don't Forget: Our Adult Martial Arts Classes Can Help You Build Strength And Stay In Shape Life Never Before The focus of our Adult Martial Arts program is on skill development and a well-rounded understanding of martial arts self-defense strategies.
 But that doesn't mean we're not also working hard to help you challenge your body and enjoy a great workout.
 From day one, you'll take on a great combination of strength training, cardiovascular endurance, and incredible agility. We're helping people of all skill levels stay motivated to train and get the most out of every single class.
 Come see us in Montgomery today for:
 - Lean muscle tone and functional strength - Healthy, sustainable fat burn and weight loss - Improved heart health and endurance - Well-rounded athleticism for any sport or hobby
 ## Try It Out Today! Our Adult Martial Arts Classes Have Something For Everyone In Montgomery! Don't miss out on our incredible classes here at Johnson's Martial Arts Academy. We're helping men, women, and teens of all experience levels learn the martial arts and have a blast in the process.
 Come see us in Montgomery today or fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - -

 ## Join Us Today For The Best Martial Arts Training In Montgomery Request information

 Mr. Johnson is an amazing instructor and he is very patient as well as intruding of the students. Both the parents and children have tremendous respect for him and my son loves going to class each week.

 Mr. Johnson is great with the kids! Our son loves taekwondo.

 Johnson's Martial Arts Academy is by far the BEST place to take your kids (and/or yourself) to meet people, have fun, get in shape and learn basic & advanced forms of Karate as well as other Martial Arts techniques.🤗🤗🤗

 I attended Johnson's Karate school some years ago when Mr Johnson, Instructor/Owner, was teaching his kickboxing classes and it was amazing. I was able to loose weight and get in shape while meeting so many wonderful people. My son, DeVante', has been a member of the school ever since he was in the 4th grade of elementary school and is now 26 years old and a Corporal in the U.S. ARMY. He would be the one to say that Mr Johnson and his team helped to shape him into the positive, hardworking man that he is today and when he is home, he NEVER misses a chance to stop by and work out with students.

 I can go on and on because I want all to know that if you are looking for a positive, fun, disciplined and education filled environment where making friends is just sooo easy, then Johnson's Martial Arts Academy is the place to be.💞

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
