---
source_url: https://www.johnsonsmartialartsacademy.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://johnsonsmartialartsacademy.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:38.785Z
---

# Johnson's Martial Arts Academy Schedule

 Monday - 5:15 PM - 5:45 PM Tiny Tigers (3-5) - 6:00 PM - 7:15 PM Little Ninjas (6-12)

 Tuesday - 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Little Ninjas (6-12) Beginners - 5:45 PM - 6:45 PM Little Ninjas (6-12) - 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Teen/Adult

 Wednesday - 5:15 PM - 5:45 PM Tiny Tigers (3-5) - 6:00 PM - 7:30 PM Open Mat Ages 6+

 Thursday - 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM Little Ninjas (6-12) Beginners - 5:45 PM - 6:45 PM Little Ninjas (6-12) - 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Teen/Adult

 Friday - 4:00 PM - 6:00 PM Private Lessons Available (appt only)

 Saturday - 9:00 AM - 2:00 PM Belt Testing/Private Lessons (appt only)

 Sunday

 - -

 ## Join Us Today For The Best Martial Arts Training In Montgomery Request information

 Mr. Johnson is an amazing instructor and he is very patient as well as intruding of the students. Both the parents and children have tremendous respect for him and my son loves going to class each week.

 Mr. Johnson is great with the kids! Our son loves taekwondo.

 Johnson's Martial Arts Academy is by far the BEST place to take your kids (and/or yourself) to meet people, have fun, get in shape and learn basic & advanced forms of Karate as well as other Martial Arts techniques.🤗🤗🤗

 I attended Johnson's Karate school some years ago when Mr Johnson, Instructor/Owner, was teaching his kickboxing classes and it was amazing. I was able to loose weight and get in shape while meeting so many wonderful people. My son, DeVante', has been a member of the school ever since he was in the 4th grade of elementary school and is now 26 years old and a Corporal in the U.S. ARMY. He would be the one to say that Mr Johnson and his team helped to shape him into the positive, hardworking man that he is today and when he is home, he NEVER misses a chance to stop by and work out with students.

 I can go on and on because I want all to know that if you are looking for a positive, fun, disciplined and education filled environment where making friends is just sooo easy, then Johnson's Martial Arts Academy is the place to be.💞

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
