---
source_url: https://graciejiujitsukailua.com/classes-rates/
final_url: https://graciejiujitsukailua.com/classes-rates/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:22.907Z
---

Subtitle # Classes Some description text for this item

 ### Kids

 Our Kids Program will arm your child with a host of positive mental and physical skills that will help him/her in school, at home and in life! As your child will learn to succeed, you’ll see a new kind of discipline emerging… the kind that will positively affect all areas of his or her life. You’ll notice an increased respect for others, and most importantly, for him / herself. This kind of powerful mind/body connection will make them unstoppable when faced with difficulties in life.

 ### Adults

 Whoever you are, Gracie Jiu Jitsu Kailua is ready to help you begin your amazing journey. Whether you are looking to learn self defense, get in fantastic shape, or want to fight and compete at the highest levels, we have a martial arts program that will meet your needs.

 ### Women's Self Defense

 The goal of our program is to establish self-confidence and self-defense skills that will not only allow our participants to guard them-selves from attacks, but to also escape from stand-up, take-down, and ground positions. The skills and techniques taught in our program are essential and vital for any and all women who want to know what to do and how to react if they find themselves as a victim of assault.

 Download Handbook

 # Rates

 CLASS REGISTRATION
 There is a one-time registration fee of $35 for adults and $25 for children. This fee is due during the initial enrollment.
 CLASS TUITION
 There are two methods of payment you may choose from.

 #### Option One:Payment by cash or check KIDS (4-17 YEARS OLD)
 $135.00 per month = unlimited classes per month
 $25.00 for each individual class (Drop-ins)
 $1,350.00 = unlimited classes for one year (two months FREE)
 ADULTS (18 & UP)
 $160.00 per month = 12 classes per month
 $180.00 per month = unlimited number of classes per month
 $25.00 for each individual class (Drop-ins)
 $1,800 per year = unlimited classes for a year (two months FREE

 #### Option Two:Automatic Debit (Commitment 6 months)
 KIDS (4-17 YEARS OLD)
 $125 per month= unlimited classes per month
 ADULTS (18 & UP)
 $145 per month= 12 classes per month
 $165 per month = unlimited classes for one month

 *Please note that there is a 6-month minimum enrollment requirement to the automatic payment plan as well as a 30 day written notification of cancellation.

 #### PRIVATE CLASSES: $80.00 for 1 hour
 $40.00 for 1/2 an hour

 #### SEMI-PRIVATE CLASSES: $100.00 for 1 hour
 $50.00 for 1/2 an hour

 Sign Up Today!

 PAYMENTS: Class tuition is due on the first class taken each month. You can pay by cash, check or enroll in the automatic payment plan (Visa, MasterCard, and American Express). There will be a $20 fee charged for each returned check.
 NOTE : All classes paid for the month must be used within a thirty day time period. There will be no refunds for unattended classes. The only exception applies in the case of illness or injury. Upon return, a doctor’s note is required to receive credit for the value of any missed prepaid classes. Regarding the automatic payment plan, you MUST provide a 30 day written notice of termination (including credit card holder’s name, student’s name, and phone number, and date of last attending class).
 *Cancellation policy requires a 24 hour prior notice to the Academy if you’re unable to attend your private class or you’ll be charged a full fee
 *Hawaiian state tax ia included in tuition costs.
