---
source_url: http://www.fightcampthaiboxing.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://fightcampthaiboxing.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:39.508Z
---

Try a Thai 1 Class
 First class is only $10. If you join a monthly membership within 30 days, it will be deducted from your first monthly membership fee.
 Processing Request...

 # Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 ## FightCamp Specializes in a NOGI Approach to Brazilian JiuJitsu BJJ We feel this is a more realistic approach to grappling and submissions in a self-defense scenario. We also implement a strong wrestling base combined with our BJJ, so that our members are proficient in takedowns and grappling control.
 ## NOGI JiuJitsu NOGI JiuJitsu is the next evolution of the centuries old Japanese martial art. It's practiced, adapted, and executed without the use of a traditional Gi (ancient Japanese clothing). This removes the practice of grabbing or gripping your opponents Gi and using it against them. At FightCamp, we feel the use of a rashguard and shorts are a much more realistic approach to defense and grappling. We have competed and have always walked away with medals at some of the largest JiuJitsu competitions in NOGI on the east coast. We have implemented this form of BJJ into our Mixed Martial Arts classes as well. Our BJJ lineage comes from Renzo Gracie through John Rallo with Ground Control Baltimore for over 10 years.
 This style of JiuJitsu was pioneered by the ADCC (Abu Dhabi Combat Club). This international submission only grappling event is the only invitational combat competition where only the most extreme high level JiuJitsu practitioners compete. These touraments, held every two years, require winning the ADCC trails or by invitation only. An ADCC Champi0n is a true grappling champion amongst the best in the world.
 Our NoGi style of JiuJitsu has been gaining wide spread populatity in recent years with the likes of Gordon Ryan, Craig Jones, Nicky Rod, Eddie Bravo, Combat JiuJitsu and the UFC.

 ### Wrestling in BJJ Along with our JiuJitsu, wrestling is combined to allow our grapplers with more diverse options to their overall grappling game. Most BJJ focused schools today teach unrealistic moves more focused on sport BJJ than actual real world application. Brazilian JiuJitsu has strayed away from a self-defense martial art into more of a sport with rule sets and specific strategies looking to earn points in competition. Guard pulling, wearing the Gi, and no takedown offense or defense is watering down BJJ. JiuJitsu is useless without the knowledge and most importantly the abiltiy to competently take your opponent to the ground. BJJ centric schools commonly start from your knees or most likely from a seated position with your butt on the mats. This is absolutely useless in a real world self-defense scenario or in MMA competition.
 Understanding how and what someone is attempting to do to you is the first step in grappling, the second step is defense, and the third step is applying or countering submissions in a live match.

 ## Rolling in BJJ Live rolling or grappling is done in every class. Instruction is important to learning and understanding the moves or concepts, but to really develop your skill set, you must have enough time to practice in a live sitution. Part of our JiuJitsu class is reserved for details and maneuvers and the second part is reserved for active rolling periods.

 oNline Web Fonts
