---
source_url: http://www.fightcampthaiboxing.com
final_url: https://fightcampthaiboxing.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:39.688Z
---

Try a Thai 1 Class
 First class is only $10. If you join a monthly membership within 30 days, it will be deducted from your first monthly membership fee.
 Processing Request...

 # FightCamp Thai Boxing Cockeysville, MD ## All for One and One for All We start as a Team and we always end as a Team. We all work together to build each other up and make each other better. We are only as strong as our weakest member!

 ## We Box Together Depending on the class or classes you ultimately decide to participate in, class structures vary from one to the other. If you are looking for the best and most intense complete full body workout or if you decide to eventually fight on our Fight Team, we have you covered. We import directly from Thailand the highest quality equipment that our members have access to: focus mitts, thai pads, low and mid kick shields, punch shields, belly pads, chest protectors and our assortment of bags, we only use the Best!

 ## We Roll Together FightCamp offers a Brazilian JiuJitsu program specific to NoGi JiuJitsu with elements of Wrestling. Portions of our Mixed Martial Arts class also engage in grappling for ground offense and defense. This style of BJJ is less contingent on our opponents wearing the full Gi. Because of this, our style is quicker and much more exciting. Grappling and applying NoGi techniques implement more real world situations, as oppossed to grabbing and pulling on one's clothing.

 ## We Stay Healthy Together FightCamp devotes all of our classes and structure to some aspect of fitness and exercise. Without the proper cardiovascular or muscle endurance our athletes would not be able to withstand the rigous training of any combat sport. Muay Thai is a complete full body workout, with an emphasis placed on fast twitch muscle explosion required for this type of sport or any self-defense sitution.

 ## We Teach Our Kids Discipline and Responsibility We cultivate our youth and instill in them the qualities that make up confident young people. Real controlled sparring and rolling is a must in order for kids to learn effectively in any martial art or sport. The upmost caution is followed with all of our youth activities at FightCamp.

 ## We Have Fun Together FightCamp strives to instill and grow our family values and culture of hard work, honor and a no quit attitude into each and everyone of our members. Because we work so hard together and genuinely like each other, we are very active outside of our normal class schedule. We build teamwork outside of Muay Thai and BJJ through happy hours and or parties put together by our wonderful members.

 ## High Level Competition Fight Experience FightCamp coaches all have competition fight experience. With over 16 years of competitive training within Muay Thai, Kickboxing/K1, Boxing, Mixed Martial Arts, JiuJitsu, and Wrestling, our circullium is designed to build, grow and cultivate our members into future Champions. We believe actual competition accelerates the learning curve for our athletes. Coaches must understand all aspects of the fight prep, fight IQ, what works and doesn't work and even the nerves and doubts fighters encounter on fight day to truly respect what a Fighter will undergo during an actual fight camp. Confidence in your coach and confidence in our fighters go very deep. At FightCamp, we don't just want to Win we want to Dominate!

 ## Best Group of People Around... What else can we say...... we have the best group of members out there!!

 ## Join Our Team Contact the gym for further information or questions
 Claim Your Kickboxing Or A Thai 1 Class

 oNline Web Fonts
