---
source_url: http://greensborojiujitsu.com
final_url: https://greensborojiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:18.699Z
---

# our academy Our academy's purpose is to benefit and enrich the community and ourselves through our exploration of jiu-jitsu. Our gym is made up of members of a family who strive to see improvements in others as much as themselves on a daily basis. Here at Greensboro Jiu Jitsu Renzo Gracie we understand that the principles we learn have a direct impact on our approach to daily life. We understand that as we grow and strive to understand more about ourselves and our place in the jiu-jitsu world, approaching this art with love and compassion, that we will also see such reflected in our attitude toward ourselves and others. Here we try to tackle first the obstacles that face us from within so that we can better master those we face outside of ourselves. A perpetual journey that is made much easier by a supportive team and family.

 #### Affiliation We are an affiliate of Renzo Gracie and his gym, Renzo Gracie Academy of New York, NY.

 Affiliate

 #### Membership To learn more about membership pricing for you and/or your children, please message us by clicking below or call (336) 802-1161. Also feel free to stop in anytime to start your free 2 days of training!

 Email

 ## SCHEDULE

 ## Contact Us

 #### Get in Touch! Name

 Email*

 Send

 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

 #### Greensboro Jiu Jitsu Renzo Gracie 901 Norwalk Street, Suite F, Greensboro, NC, 27407
 Phone: (336) 802-1161 Email: greensborojiujitsu@gmail.com

 Get directions

 ### Ready to Roll? Come visit us with a free week of training! Let's Get Started
