---
source_url: http://vortexjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.vortexjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:04.814Z
---

# Our Classes

 ## Intro to Jiu Jitsu Brand new to jiu-jitsu? No problem! Our “Introduction to Jiu-Jitsu” program is a course designed to equip day one jiu-jitsu beginners with everything they need to handle an all-levels class. This program provides the basic fundamentals that build the foundation for more advanced techniques, as students progress through their jiu-jitsu journey.
 This course is also a great, low-stress way for hesitant newcomers to figure out whether this whole jiu-jitsu thing is really for them – or for more experienced beginners returning from a long layoff to refresh the basics before diving into an all-levels class.

 ## Gi Jiu Jitsu

 The sport of jiu-jitsu is divided into roughly two categories: gi jiu-jitsu – in which a traditional kimono uniform called the “gi” is worn and weaponized in sparring and competition – and no-gi jiu-jitsu, which eliminates the traditional uniform and does not allow the use of clothing and lapel grips.
 At Vortex, we believe in the importance of training both with and without the traditional gi uniform, and offer classes for both, depending on student preference. Our gi jiu-jitsu classes emphasize the importance of grip fighting and lapel work; however, many fundamentals of gi jiu-jitsu also translate seamlessly to no-gi work.

 ## No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Often popular with MMA practitioners and wrestlers, no-gi jiu-jitsu – also sometimes called submission wrestling – is the younger, less traditional cousin to gi jiu-jitsu. Although the no-gi half of the sport does away with lapels and kimono grips, almost all of its techniques and concepts can also be used in gi jiu-jitsu, making it an excellent way to round out a gi practitioner’s repertoire, and vice versa.
 This class is also a great option for beginners who enjoyed Introduction to Jiu-Jitsu, but might not be ready to commit to buying their own gi just yet.

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu

 (Ages 6-14)
 Need a healthy, fun, and rewarding activity for your little one? The Vortex Jiu-Jitsu kids’ program caters to children aged six through fourteen. Inquire with our head coach, Kelly Quinn, today.
