---
source_url: http://vortexjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.vortexjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:04.958Z
---

## About Us

 Vortex Jiu-Jitsu is the brainchild of local Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt coach Kelly Quinn, who brings fifteen years of submission grappling experience to his students. A lifelong combat sports athlete, Kelly has combined his experiences as a folkstyle wrestler, former MMA fighter, and elite jiu-jitsu competitor to develop a uniquely well-rounded approach to submission grappling. Recognizing that as a sport and martial art, jiu-jitsu constantly evolves, Vortex pairs a foundation in rock-solid, classical fundamentals with an encouraging space for creativity, innovation, and constant growth.

 ## Our Mission

 Here at Vortex, we’re passionate about making jiu-jitsu accessible to everyone who wants to step on the mat. We believe that grappling should be equal parts playful, creative, and competitive – without ever sacrificing safety. Our program emerged organically from owner and head instructor Kelly Quinn’s much-loved series of outdoor open mats, where BJJ practitioners of all ages, genders, body types, and skill levels get together every summer to grapple under DC’s glorious sunshine.
 Now that we’ve got a year-round indoor home as well, we hope to inject that same sense of fun into our curriculum here at Vortex, which is personally designed and curated by Kelly. Whether you’re a first-time grappler exploring a new hobby, or a professional combat sports athlete hoping to sharpen your tools for competition, we’ve got you covered.

 ## Facility

 Conveniently housed out of Washington DC’s beautiful Edlavitch Jewish Community Center on 16th and Q Street NW, Vortex Jiu-Jitsu benefits from the JCC’s state-of-the-art facilities.

 ## Upcoming Classes

 ### Intro to Jiu Jitsu

 ### Gi Jiu Jitsu

 ### All Levels Jiu Jitsu

 ### Kids Jiu Jitsu (coming soon)

 First Name
 Last Name
 Email Address

 Sign Up

 Thank you!
