---
source_url: https://www.10thplanetjjriverside.com/classes
final_url: https://www.10thplanetjjriverside.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:38.058Z
---

# Classes
 Whether you are looking for kids or adult Jiu Jitsu, competition level or hobbyist, 10Th Planet Riverside has got you covered. Our expert trainers and world class curriculum are at the forefront of modern Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. In order for us to be a complete academy we also offer wrestling as well as Muay Thai Kickboxing classes, to give you the ultimate martial arts experience.

 Adult Jiu Jitsu
 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu
 Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu offers a wide range of benefits for practitioners. Firstly, it provides a highly effective form of self-defense, teaching techniques that enable individuals to subdue and control opponents regardless of size or strength. Additionally, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu promotes physical fitness and strength development, as it involves intense training sessions that enhance cardiovascular endurance, flexibility, and muscular endurance. It also fosters mental resilience and discipline, as practitioners learn to overcome challenges, adapt to different situations, and remain calm under pressure. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a social activity, offering a sense of community and camaraderie through training partners and support networks. Finally, it serves as an avenue for personal growth and self-improvement, instilling confidence, promoting goal-setting, and encouraging continuous learning. Overall, adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu provides a holistic approach to both physical and mental well-being.

 Wrestling
 ## Wrestling
 Freestyle and catch wrestling are a dynamic and highly technical grappling style that focuses on submissions, takedowns, and ground control. Unlike traditional wrestling styles, it allows for a wider range of techniques, including joint locks, chokes, and holds. With an emphasis on both standing and ground-based techniques, freestyle wrestling provides practitioners with a versatile skill set that can be used in both sport and self-defense scenarios. It promotes physical strength, agility, and conditioning, as well as mental acuity and strategic thinking. Catch wrestling also emphasizes adaptability and creativity, encouraging practitioners to explore different techniques and approaches to gain an advantage over their opponents. With its rich history and practical application, adult freestyle and catch wrestling offers a challenging and rewarding martial art experience.

 Kids Jiu Jitsu
 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu offers a multitude of benefits for young practitioners. Firstly, it provides a safe and controlled environment for children to learn self-defense techniques and develop the skills to protect themselves. It promotes physical fitness and coordination, as kids engage in exercises and drills that improve their strength, flexibility, balance, and overall motor skills. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instills discipline, focus, and respect, as children learn to follow instructions, maintain proper etiquette, and work collaboratively with their training partners. It also boosts self-confidence and self-esteem as children progressively master techniques and achieve goals. Furthermore, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu cultivates problem-solving skills and critical thinking, as kids strategize and adapt their techniques during live training sessions. Lastly, it fosters a sense of camaraderie and teamwork, as children train together, support one another, and build lasting friendships. Overall, kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu provides a comprehensive platform for physical, mental, and social development in a fun and engaging manner.

 Muay Thai Kickboxing
 ## Muay Thai Kickboxing
 Muay Thai kickboxing offers a range of benefits that contribute to overall physical fitness, self-defense skills, and personal growth. Firstly, it provides an intense cardiovascular workout that improves endurance, stamina, and overall fitness levels. The training involves various striking techniques such as punches, kicks, knees, and elbows, which enhance strength, speed, and coordination. Muay Thai also teaches practical self-defense skills, equipping individuals with the ability to protect themselves effectively in real-world situations. It promotes mental discipline, focus, and resilience as practitioners learn to push through physical challenges and maintain composure under pressure. Moreover, Muay Thai kickboxing instills self-confidence and self-esteem as individuals develop proficiency in the art and witness their progress over time. It also serves as a stress-relieving activity, allowing practitioners to release tension and boost their mental well-being. Finally, the Muay Thai community fosters a supportive and inclusive environment, encouraging camaraderie and forming lasting friendships. Overall, Muay Thai kickboxing provides a holistic approach to physical fitness, self-defense, and personal development.
