---
source_url: https://www.parkstkdacademy.com
final_url: https://www.parkstkdacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:49.133Z
---

# Welcome to Park’s Taekwondo Academy ### Our Goal is to Help You Reach Your Goal At Park’s Taekwondo Academy, we are committed to helping our students achieve a better lifestyle through the art of taekwondo. If you would like to improve your fitness, learn a traditional martial art, or learn an effective self-defense system, Park’s Taekwondo can help you with your goals.
 Our instructors are certified through the Kukkiwon, headquarters of the World Taekwondo Federation. They also have years of experience and training under 9th Degree Black Belt, Grandmaster Park. Our classes do not just teach the techniques, but also the art and the culture of taekwondo. We strive to give our students training that can help them become more confident and bring out the best in them.
 Our classes include:
 · Little Tiger class (4-6 years old)
 · Children’s classes
 · Teen/Junior adult classes
 · Adult classes
 · Sparring classes
 Check out more information for our classes here.
 Check out our schedule here.
 We will help you choose the class that is best for you or your child depending on age, experience, and skill level.

 Schedule Your Trial Today!

 ### A Way of Life Our five school codes are patience, truth, health, respect, and love. Not only do our students build confidence and self-defense skills, but they are taught these five fundamental values. We find these values to be an important part of daily life and the martial arts.
 · Through increased patience and focus, students can further excel in school and work environments
 · Students learn to be true to themselves along with the value of practicing in and out of the classroom
 · Students are taught the importance of exercise to sustain a healthy lifestyle while increasing energy level and endurance
 · Students are taught the importance of respecting each other and themselves
 · Love of family, friends, and the art of Taekwondo is also part of our teachings
 ### What is Taekwondo Taekwondo translates to the way of kicking and punching (Tae = foot, Kwon = hand, Do = the way). In class, students learn kicks, punches, blocks, strikes, and take-downs. Do, which translates to ‘the way,’ can also refer to meditation as a way to reduce stress and find inner relaxation and tranquility.
 Through practicing techniques, reaction drills, and sparring, defensive moves become second nature. Through our classes, reflexes become quicker and flexibility increases as our students develop better fitness and confidence. Better self-control can also be achieved while learning how to defend oneself with this valuable life skill.
 Check out our trial class offers at the link below. Trail classes are a great way to get started and discover whether martial arts are right for you and your family.

 Schedule Your Trial Today!

 ## Great Lakes Open Championship We host an annual taekwondo tournament, the Great Lakes Open Championship. This martial arts tournament is for our students as well as students visiting from parts of Pennsylvania, Ohio, and even Canada.
