---
source_url: https://www.royaljiujitsuacademy.com
final_url: https://www.royaljiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:37.015Z
---

Search

 ×

 - ROYAL JIU JITSU ACADEMY Start Living Positively Start Living Positively Book a trial Class - COME AND TRAIN WITH US Book a trial class

 ### Gold Divider
 ### Info Call us
 ##### + 1 (516) 788-1733

 VISIT US
 ##### 105 Jericho Turnpike, Mineola, NY 11501

 OPENING HOURS
 ##### DAILY: 6:30am - 9:30pm

 ### Gold Divider
 ### Gold Divider
 ### Acadamy ### Academy
 Royal Jiu Jitsu is owned and run by Matheus and Alicia Lutes. Royal Jiu Jitsu’s mission is to create a fun and welcoming environment. Through our program we strive to help guide you in the right direction towards your goal. Jiu Jitsu isn’t just about self-defense or competing, but also about the strong bonds you develop with your team. We are not just an academy, but a place you can feel comfortable and free to be yourself and not be judged. We welcome all people to come and be a part of something bigger than ourselves; to join our family.

 ### Gold Divider
 ### Marcelo Garcia ### MARCELO GARCIA ASSOCIATION
 Marcelo Garcia is a very prominent figure in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Submission Grappling. He is known worldwide as one of the best instructors and competitors in the sport. People come from all over the world to train with him and be one of his students because of his high level of skill, immense knowledge of Jiu Jitsu, attention to details, love for Jiu Jitsu, humor, kindness, and personality. Marcelo Jiu Jitsu Academy has been operating in NYC for the past 10 years. Everyone in the sport knows about his academy and the force that comes with him and his students. Alicia, Matheus, and Paulo have directly trained under Marcelo Garcia and strive to bring Mineola the same quality and service that the instructors experienced as being his students. Royal is very honored to be a Marcelo Garcia Association and to have the opportunity to continue his legacy.

 ### Gold Divider
 ### OUR PROGRAMS ### Our programs
 ##### Introduction Class The Introduction class is for those who have never tried Brazilian Jiu Jitsu before. It will prepare you to safely enter group classes.

 ##### Wrestling Class This is a freestyle wrestling class with connection to Jiu Jitsu grappling.

 ##### Fundamentals Class Every Day / Matheus Lutes
 You will learn the most basic self-defense and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques that are essential for your new journey.

 ##### Advanced Class (GI and No GI) Every Day / Matheus Lutes
 Advanced and more modern techniques will be introduced through detailed explanation and demonstration.

 ##### Leg Lock Class Every Day / Matheus Lutes
 This class consists of looking for options and opportunities in the usual No Gi positions for leg attacks.

 ##### Executive Class Every Day / Matheus Lutes
 This class is designed to accommodate those who want to train before work or school.

 ### Gold Divider
 ### SPECIAL ### WHAT MAKES ROYAL JIU JITSU SO SPECIAL

 ### WORLD CLASS JIU-JITSU TRAINING IN A CLEAN AND MODERN ENVIRONMENT

 ###### Elite Instructors Matheus Lutes, head instructor at Royal Jiu Jitsu is a 5x World Champion and 7x Panamerican champion.

 ###### Wrestling Classes We offer freestyle wrestling class with connection to Jiu Jitsu grappling.

 ###### Morning Classes 6am classes 4 times a week, designed to accommodate those who want to train before work or school.

 ###### Leg Lock Classes Consistently work on one of the most prevalent areas of jiu jitsu using the safest approach.

 ###### Kids Classes Develop self-discipline and self-confidence through fun and engaging Jiu Jitsu concepts.

 ###### Modern facilities Clean and modern facility equipped with two mat spaces, easy parking, locker rooms, and showers.

 ### Gold Divider
 ### Schedule ### Schedule

 ### Gold Divider
 ### Form section ### CHAT WITH US
 Full Name *

 Email Address *

 Your message *

 Send

 ### Gold Divider
 ### Map
 ### Gold Divider
 ### Info bottom ###### Call us ##### + 1 (516) 788-1733

 ###### Visit Us ##### 105 Jericho Turnpike, Mineola, NY 11501

 ###### Opening Hours ##### DAILY: 6:30am - 9:30pm

 ### Page Copyright © Copyright 2021 All Rights Reserved
