---
source_url: https://www.ttownmma.com
final_url: https://www.ttownmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:36.647Z
---

HOME
 ## Welcome to t-Town mma
 Tacoma’s longest-standing school for MMA, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Kickboxing

 ## now offering 5 a.m. ## bjj classes!

 #### holiday specials
 #### ask about our holiday special packages and stocking stuffer punch cards

 T-Town MMA /Checkmat Tacoma is Tacoma’s longest running school for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), Kickboxing, and Muay Thai. T-Town is a Checkmat affiliate.
 ​
 T-Town MMA’s core mission is to positively impact the lives in the Tacoma community through Mixed Martial Arts. We are located in the heart of Tacoma, and we have been serving the community since 2006. We treat each other like family and when you join our team, you will feel like family.
 When it comes to training in martial arts, we understand that most people have several goals:
 - Get in Better Shape - Become a Competitor - Join a Community

 Our programs are designed to help you achieve any or all of these goals. To do that we offer beginner and advanced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes as well as No-Gi Jiu Jitsu. Our striking class consists of a blend of kickboxing, Muay Thai and boxing. Finally, we have a strong emphasis on supporting women in martial arts. We have several female instructors and offer women's only instruction twice a week. And because we also offer a kid's program, T-Town MMA is the place in Tacoma where you can train with your whole family. Since 2006, we have trained people from all walks of their martial arts/fitness journey and along the way we have gained life long friends who we treat likely family.
 ​
 ​
