---
source_url: http://www.mataderojiujitsuwhittier.com
final_url: https://mataderojiujitsuwhittier.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:07.929Z
---

# Build Confidence. Train Hard. Join Matadero Whittier Build Confidence. Train Hard. Join Matadero Whittier Build Confidence. Train Hard. Join Matadero Whittier Build Confidence. Train Hard. Join Matadero Whittier

 Unlock your potential: Learn self defense, get in shape, and elevate your fight game. Learn martial arts with expert guidance

 #### About us Matadero Whittier
 We build strength, discipline, and confidence through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Located in the heart of Whittier, Matadero Jiu Jitsu offers classes for both kids and adults in a supportive, growth-focused environment whether you’re a beginner or an experienced grappler.

 #### Your Success is Our Goal We know building new habits can be tough but with the right guidance, it’s possible. Our coaches bring over 20 years of experience to help you transform your mindset around fitness and self defense, making it a permanent part of your lifestyle. We proudly serve the community with two locations — Whittier and Garden Grove.

 ## Our Coach Behind Matadero Whttier #### Fredrick Gumm Fredrick Gumm – Head Instructor
 Fredrick began his Jiu Jitsu journey in 2002 under Professor Franco De Camargo in Orange, California. Searching for direction after high school, he made a phone call to a Yellow Pages ad—an unexpected decision that would shape the rest of his life.

 He began teaching in 2005 and earned his black belt in 2011 under the legendary Carlson Gracie Jr. As a competitor, Fredrick earned a bronze medal at the 2005 Pan American Championships (blue belt), competed at the IBJJF World Championships in Brazil that same year, and went on to take bronze at the 2007 IBJJF World Championships (purple belt). In 2008, he added another bronze medal—this time at the IBJJF No-Gi World Championships as a brown belt.

 Fredrick holds a B.A. in Spanish and an M.A. in Education, combining over two decades of martial arts experience with a professional background in teaching. His approach to instruction emphasizes clarity, discipline, and long-term growth—on and off the mats.

 After founding Matadero Garden Grove in 2015, he later shifted his focus to opening and leading Matadero Jiu Jitsu in Whittier, where he is committed to cultivating a welcoming and focused training environment. In recognition of his contributions both inside and outside the academy, Fredrick was honored as 2023 Citizen of the Year by the Garden Grove Police Association.

 ## Frequently Asked Questions Have more questions? Feel free to contact us anytime

 Do I need previous martial arts experience to join? No Previous experience is required; our programs cater to beginners as well as advanced practitioners.

 What safety measures are in place? We prioritize safety by maintaining a clean and safe training environment, enforcing strict safety guidelines, and providing instructions from certified and experience instructors.

 What should I bring to my first class? Wear comfortable workout clothes or a Gi if you have one. We provide any gear you’ll need to start, and we also have gear available for purchase if needed.

 ###### Join our Family ## Let's Train Together Ready to begin your martial arts journey? Enroll now and start mastering Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with expert guidance at Matadero Whittier!

 Enroll now

 ## Connect With Us For Live Updates
