---
source_url: http://kuzushiclub.com/youth-classes
final_url: https://www.kuzushiclub.com/youth-classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:46.076Z
---

START YOUR JOURNEY. JOIN TODAY!

 START YOUR JOURNEY. JOIN A CLASS TODAY!

 #### Jiu Jitsu

 ## Master the Art of Grappling
 At Kuzushi Club Dalton, our Jiu Jitsu classes offer a dynamic and comprehensive training experience for practitioners of all levels. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced martial artist, our expert instructors will guide you through techniques, drills, and sparring sessions to help you develop your skills, improve your fitness, and build confidence on and off the mat.

 #### What is Jiu Jitsu?
 Jiu Jitsu, also known as Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques. Originating from traditional Japanese Jiu Jitsu and judo, BJJ emphasizes leverage, technique, and positional control to overcome larger and stronger opponents. In Jiu Jitsu classes at Kuzushi Club Dalton, practitioners learn a variety of techniques such as takedowns, joint locks, and chokeholds, as well as strategies for controlling and submitting opponents. Training sessions typically involve partner drills, sparring, and positional sparring to simulate real-life grappling scenarios. Jiu Jitsu not only provides effective self-defense skills but also promotes physical fitness, mental discipline, and personal growth.

 ## Join a Class
 ### Kid's Jiu Jitsu
 Introduce your child to the world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes. Designed specifically for children ages 6-12, these fun and engaging sessions teach fundamental Jiu Jitsu techniques in a safe and supportive setting. Through age-appropriate drills, games, and activities, kids will develop confidence, discipline, and physical fitness while learning valuable self-defense skills.

 ### Jiu Jitsu All levels
 Whether you're a novice or an experienced practitioner, our All Levels Jiu Jitsu classes offer a dynamic and inclusive training environment suitable for everyone. Led by experienced instructors, these sessions cater to individual skill levels, providing opportunities for both learning and refining techniques, as well as sparring with partners of varying abilities.

 ### Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals
 Dive into the foundational principles and techniques of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in our Fundamentals classes. Perfect for beginners and those looking to refine their skills, these sessions focus on basic positions, movements, and submissions, providing a solid understanding of the core concepts of Jiu Jitsu.

 #### Join Us
 ## Full Class Schedule
 Join us for classes Monday through Thursday and Saturday morning!
 Please reach out if you have any questions.

 Contact Us
 ### Monday
 5:15 PM Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 4-10)
 6:00 PM Jiu Jitsu All Levels
 6:30 PM Beginner Kickboxing
 7:30 PM MMA

 ### Tuesday
 5:15 PM Teen Jiu Jitsu (Ages 11-15)
 6:00 PM Jiu Jitsu All Levels
 6:30 PM Advanced Kickboxing
 7:30 PM MMA

 ### Wednesday
 5:15 PM Kids Jiu Jitsu (Ages 4-10)
 6:00 PM Jiu Jitsu All Levels
 6:30 PM Beginner Kickboxing
 7:30 PM MMA

 ### Thursday
 5:15 PM Teen Jiu Jitsu (Ages 11-15)
 6:00 PM Jiu Jitsu All Levels
 6:30 PM Advanced Kickboxing
 7:30 PM MMA

 ### Friday
 No Classes

 ### Saturday
 10:00AM Jiu Jitsu All Levels & MMA
 Open Mat + Q&A

 ## Ready to get started?
 Contact us today to start your fitness journey!

 Get in Touch

 #### Follow Us!
 ### @kuzushiclubdalton
 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 ##### Explore

 ##### Find Us
 (706) 537-3795

 kuzushiclubdalton@gmail.com

 801 Walnut Ave Dalton, Georgia

 Call Now

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Kuzushi Club Dalton | Created by ZING.work

 Data Privacy Policy

 Share by:
