---
source_url: http://kuzushiclub.com
final_url: https://www.kuzushiclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:46.206Z
---

START YOUR JOURNEY. JOIN TODAY!

 START YOUR JOURNEY. JOIN A CLASS TODAY!

 #### Jiu Jitsu | Fitness | Hot Yoga | Kickboxing
 # Kuzushi Club Dalton
 Family Friendly Gym in Dalton, GA

 ##### Jiu Jitsu
 Learn More

 ##### Fitness
 Learn More

 ##### Hot Yoga
 Learn More

 ##### Kickboxing
 Learn More

 ##### Kuzushi Club Dalton
 Join the Kuzushi Club Dalton community today and embark on your journey to fitness and wellness with our diverse range of classes in Jiu Jitsu, Fitness, Hot Yoga, and Kickboxing. Start your transformation now!

 #### About Us
 # Kuzushi Club Dalton
 Reach Out Today!

 Absolutely amazing environment. This is how Jiu Jitsu academies are supposed to be. Welcoming, clean, and very professional. Couldn't say enough great things.

 Sean A.

 "Our son has been taking the kids class here for about 3 weeks now and he loves it. The coaches really help the kids and work with them and even the other adults encourage them to push themselves."

 Derek G.

 "This place has an great family feel to it, very welcoming and you can see everyone looks after each other. I would highly recommend it to anyone in the area looking to learn something new, get in shape, and make some amazing friends. "

 Barry K.

 More Reviews

 ## Ready to get started?
 Contact us today to start your fitness journey!

 Get in Touch

 #### Follow Us!
 ### @kuzushiclubdalton
 Button

 Button

 Button

 Button

 ##### Explore

 ##### Find Us
 (706) 537-3795

 kuzushiclubdalton@gmail.com

 801 Walnut Ave Dalton, Georgia

 Call Now

 © 2026
 All Rights Reserved | Kuzushi Club Dalton | Created by ZING.work

 Data Privacy Policy

 Share by:
