---
source_url: http://www.pocatellobjj.com
final_url: https://pocatellobjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:03.344Z
---

# Pocatello Jiu Jitsu ## A Family Outside your Family
 Get Started Today

 ##### Sign up for a one-week trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ### Pocatello Jiu Jitsu
 Welcome to Pocatello Jiu Jitsu, a female-owned, family-run, and family-friendly Jiu Jitsu school in Pocatello! We have built an adaptive training environment that allows students to make the experience what they want it to be. We empower students to discover their greatness. That starts with our kids Jiu Jitsu program, focusing on building self-confidence and teaching them impulse control, independence, and how to self-regulate. It is a true learning environment for kids as young as 5 to adults. If you want to join a family where you are pushed to be your best alongside like-minded individuals, look no further than Pocatello Jiu Jitsu!

 ### Sign up for a one-week free trial! There is no better offer to get your foot in the door to Jiu Jitsu. Sign up for our one-week free trial and see what Pocatello Jiu Jitsu has to offer!

 Join Now ##### Sign up for a one-week trial! ×

 ### Programs

 ### Schedule

 ### Special Offers

 #### Learn more about ### Pocatello Jiu Jitsu

 #### About Our School Our goal at Pocatello Jiu Jitsu is to help every student discover their own unique path in Jiu Jitsu. Led by owners Catalina and Michael Mojarro, we encourage instructors to teach with their own creativity and strengths. Each coach pushes students to be their very best and to grow 1% every day. We want students to be curious, fluid, and open-minded. Take in the lessons and find how it helps you. Away from the training itself, we make sure our culture is amongst the best. This includes becoming a We Defy affiliate, our Adopt a Cop program, and our yearly family BBQs! Come join our family and see what Pocatello Jiu Jitsu can do for you!

 #### History The Mojarro family first started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in 2014 in California . Through eight years, the family grew together as Catalina Mojarro became a high-level competitor, becoming a multi-time Worlds Medalist through her progression in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. In 2022 she and her husband, Michael, took over Pocatello Jiu Jitsu, and we’ve been growing ever since. The school’s attitude quickly shifted to a focus on family-friendly activities. We have “broken down the walls” and have created an environment for the entire community. Now, we strive to help each individual student reach their goals and become the best version of themselves on and off the mat.

 ### Check out our schedule! Want to find the right time for your training? Take a look at our schedule and see where to add Pocatello Jiu Jitsu to your weekly calendar!

 View Schedule

 #### Meet our ### Jiu Jitsu Instructors Our coaches each bring their own style and energy to the mats. With diverse approaches and backgrounds, you’ll find a coach who truly resonates with you. Check out our bios and see what makes each instructor unique and special!

 ##### Coach Catalina Mojarro

 ##### Coach Michael Mojarro

 ##### Coach Blake Davis

 ##### Coach Caio Malta

 ##### Coach Joe Middeldof

 ##### Coach Ana Rodrigues

 ##### Coach Elijah Keen

 ### Sign up for a one-week free trial! There is no better offer to get your foot in the door to Jiu Jitsu. Sign up for our one-week free trial and see what Pocatello Jiu Jitsu has to offer!

 Join Now ##### Sign up for a one-week trial! ×

 #### Explore our Jiu Jitsu ### Programs
 We have a variety of Jiu Jitsu programs to offer at Pocatello Jiu Jitsu. From kids and women’s Jiu Jitsu classes to adult and teen programs we offer options for every age, ability, and experience level. All our programs are built on a foundation of proven techniques and high-level experience from personable instructors. Check out our programs and find the best Jiu Jitsu classes for you and your family!

 #### Beginner/Intermediate Kids Jiu-Jitsu (ages 5-12) At Pocatello Jiu Jitsu, our Juniors Program provides the perfect introduction to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for youngsters, through fun, focused training. This class builds a strong foundation in coordination, mobility, focus, and confidence using age-appropriate drills and interactive games.
 Your child will learn the fundamentals of movement and self-defense in a safe, structured environment preparing them for success as they grow into our advanced youth programs. Whether they’re just starting out or full of energy and curiosity, our Juniors class sets the stage for lifelong learning on and off the mats.

 #### Advanced Kids Jiu Jitsu (ages 7-12 – based on experience) At Pocatello Jiu Jitsu, our Kids Jiu Jitsu Program goes beyond just learning how to grapple. While students will build real martial arts skills and self-defense techniques, our core focus is on developing character, discipline, and leadership.
 Through structured training, students gain confidence, focus, respect, and lifelong habits of physical fitness all while having fun and staying engaged. This class bridges the gap between foundational skills and more advanced techniques, preparing young athletes for success both on the mats and in life. The advanced course is fast paced and more challenging class, that teaches techniques not taught in the Beginner/Intermediate classes.
 Martial arts isn’t about fighting, it’s about growing stronger inside and out.

 #### Teens Jiu Jitsu (ages 13-17) Pocatello Jiu Jitsu’s Teen Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is designed with teens in mind. We understand, during this time in their lives, things can be challenging as they prepare for adulthood. Our Teens Jiu Jitsu Program is designed to make the transition from our Kids Jiu jitsu program to Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu seamless. Even if you’re just starting Brazilian Jiu Jitsu as a teen, you will be able to drop right into a program built especially for you and your peers. Pocatello Jiu Jitsu will provide the tools and opportunities to teach self defense, build self confidence, strength, and friendships that can last a lifetime.

 #### Adults Jiu Jitsu (18+) Pocatello Jiu Jitsu’s, Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes offer individuals the opportunity to train the mind and body, build confidence, learn self-defense, and immerse themselves into a community. Pocatello Jiu Jitsu offers BJJ classes at a variety of times during the week to allow you to work with your personal schedule.

 #### Women’s Jiu Jitsu (13+) Pocatello Jiu Jitsu’s Women’s Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is designed to create a safe and supportive environment in which women learn and practice Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Women’s BJJ is tailored to meet the needs of female practitioners, from beginners to advanced students. The main goal of Pocatello Jiu Jitsu’s Women’s Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is to provide an empowering and supportive environment for women to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. It also aims to increase physical fitness, self-confidence, and self-defense skills.

 ### Words from Our Jiu Jitsu Community We pride ourselves on providing a family-friendly environment for everyone to become their best selves. You can bring in your kids to build self-confidence or sign up yourself no matter your level of experience. Pocatello Jiu Jitsu is truly a place for everyone. And don’t just take it from us! Check out what our community has to say about what makes our Jiu Jitsu classes a special experience!

 Previous “This gym continues to impress, even more so after comparing with other gyms. If you have an interest or just passing through, stop in and roll!”

 Jeremy Beasley
 Google

 “Pocatello Jujutsu is fantastic! They are incredibly accommodating and provide a fun, supportive environment for my 3-year-old to learn and stay active.”

 Dominic Abril
 Google

 “Both of my kids train at Pocatello Jiu Jitsu. I’m continually impressed with the community and camaraderie of this gym.”

 Stephanie Griffey
 Google

 Next

 ### Check out our schedule! Want to find the right time for your training? Take a look at our schedule and see where to add Pocatello Jiu Jitsu to your weekly calendar!

 View Schedule

 ### Contact Us Pocatello Jiu Jitsu welcomes everyone in Pocatello and those nearby, including Chubbuck,Blackfoot, American Falls, Inkom, and Idaho Falls, among others. You can find us on Yellowstone Avenue across from Fred Meyer!

 208-604-7629

 pocatellojiujitsu@gmail.com

 777 Yellowstone Ave Suite D, Pocatello, ID 83201

 ### Foundations We Support
 We Defy Foundation Adopt A Cop
