---
source_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/programs/competition-sport-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://alliancebjjwa.com/programs/competition-sport-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:29.435Z
---

## Competition (Sport) Jiu Jitsu
 #### Overview Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is steadily growing in popularity so the demand for competition-based classes is on the rise. At Alliance Washington, we want to offer the opportunity for all our students to reach their goals. Our competition class requires students have a solid understanding of the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu. This class is not meant to teach those to you, but will introduce modern techniques and transition to further develop your skills. Students will be presented with challenges both mentally and physically in the pursuit to elevate their Jiu Jitsu.

 #### Competitions and Tournaments When you feel ready, you may want to put your Jiu Jitsu skills to the test. Competitions are the perfect way to do that! Not only do they solidify your technical strengths but will identify your weaknesses as well. Alliance Jiu Jitsu Washington regularly attends a wide variety of competitions to help ensure all our students are given the opportunity to apply their abilities.
 #### A One-of-a-Kind Team Between training, traveling, competing, and celebrating, members that compete spend a ton of time together! Students will form friendships that extend beyond the mats and establish a level of respect and appreciation for the other students that are forged in hard work and determination to reach their goals. We can’t wait for you to join us!

 #### Ask how you can sign up for a Free Class! Contact Us
