---
source_url: http://www.bowerhouseacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bowerhouseacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:38.561Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Frederick ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Bowerhouse MMA. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Take On The Best Ground Grappling In Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are you looking for a better way to train? Then you've come to the right place. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes at Bowerhouse MMA can help you challenge your body and your mind like never before.
 This ground-based self-defense system teaches you how to use leverage to overcome a stronger opponent and we're proud to help everyday men and women learn the skills one step at a time.
 Take on the best BJJ training in Frederick and get more from every workout!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Right For You? Did you know that a majority of real-world altercations end up on the ground? Even if you're not interested in competing at the highest levels, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes can equip you with vital self-defense skills for any situation.
 We are proud to offer a flexible schedule each week and we go above and beyond to make our training accessible to all experience levels.
 ##### At Bowerhouse MMA, you can learn: - Effective throws and takedowns - Leverage and strategy for the ground - Timing and techniques to maintain control - Effective submission strategies that can keep you safe
 #### PLUS, You'll Challenge Your Body Like Never Before What's the problem with most fitness routines out there? You get bored and tired of doing the same thing over and over.
 That's where we come in.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes vary week to week, challenging you with new skills and movements. You'll be so focused on perfecting every aspect of the sport that you won't even realize how hard you're working.
 ##### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals Our BJJ fundamentals program is a gi class recommended for new students seeking to build a solid foundation in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, or the more experienced students looking to improve, and refine the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu. Students will master the building blocks of BJJ. This class is great for all levels. It is a gi class built on a 16 week rotating curriculum that focuses on the 8 main positions in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
 ##### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Advanced This No Gi all-levels class is an extension of the basic building blocks learned in BJJ fundamentals. Students will further their knowledge in the intricacies of BJJ. The techniques taught during this class are often more advanced techniques that can be used for self defense or in competition. 2nd degree BJJ black belt Chris Bower teaches his students how to put this technical knowledge into practice, and pushes his students to a higher level. This class is open to students of all levels, although it is recommended that less experienced students should take at least 6 weeks of BJJ fundamentals classes. This class is a gi class, and students work to earn stripes, and belts as they progress.
 #### Take On The Challenge Today! Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Great For Everyone In Frederick Whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced fighter, we're proud to help you improve each and every day. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Frederick are a great way to build confidence, improve your fitness level, and stay prepared for any real-world altercation.
 Learn more about everything we have to offer at Bowerhouse MMA by simply filling out the short form on your screen now!
 Get more information now!

 I trained at Bowerhouse MMA for a week while I was at Ft Detrick. The coaching was fantastic from the basic class to the advanced class I picked up a new technique every day. Everyone was friendly, I would definitely train here with my family if I lived in the area. I highly recommend Bowerhouse MMA, its an outstanding academy. Thank you.

 Honestly... Bowerhouse is such a phenomenal place. No lie, me and my girl starters going to classes and working out here, she lost 15 lbs in literally two months, and they got me in the best shape of my life. Everyone is super nice, you never feel like you don’t belong if you aren’t in good shape, coolest people I’ve ever met. Check it out, you WILL NOT regret it! I promise! The best.

 Great place! Chris and his crew have been welcoming to my students and I, every time we have ever visited. If you’re in the Frederick area and not training at Bowerhouse, you’re missing out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
