---
source_url: http://www.bowerhouseacademy.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bowerhouseacademy.com/classes/Womens-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:38.901Z
---

# Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Frederick ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Bowerhouse MMA. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Train with Comfort and Confidence in Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes At Bowerhouse MMA, we get it. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a close-combat style that can be uncomfortable in mixed company or if you're just getting started.
 That's why we're proud to offer women across Frederick a chance to train with confidence in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes. Build your skills one step at a time a get in a great workout that will help you see incredible results.
 We train women of all ages and abilities. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to get started.
 Get more information now!

 #### What's Include in our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class? Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a unique martial art that essentially takes size and strength out of the equation. Instead, the skill teaches smaller, weaker fighters how to overcome a larger opponent by relying on superior leverage and technique - skills that are particularly important for women to know.
 Our Women's classes allow you to combine the best aspects of self-defense and situational awareness with an exciting and competitive setting that pushes your body through an incredible workout.
 Join us in Frederick and learn:
 - Powerful throws and takedowns - Effective ground grappling strategies - Strong chokes, holds, and locks - Submission skills from any position
 #### And Unlike at your Big Box Gym, Our Workouts are Never Dull and Boring Think about it. At most gyms, you do the same thing over and over. Maybe you rotate three workouts each week. Maybe you just waste away on the treadmill.
 Either way, you're not challenging your body and you're certainly not keeping your mind motivated.
 But with our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes, no two workouts are the same. Each week, we're challenging you with a new skill or situation. And you're constantly pushing yourself to be faster, stronger, and more efficient than you were last class.
 At Bowerhouse MMA, you can work harder than ever before without even realizing how much your body is getting out of each class.
 In no time, you'll enjoy:
 - Sustainable fat burn and improved heart health - Lean muscle gains and total-body strength - Improved speed, mobility, and athleticism - Unwavering self-confidence in everything you do
 #### Make the Move Today! Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have Something for Everyone in Frederick! If you're looking for a better way to train, look no further. Our Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes help you challenge your body and learn effective self-defense skills. It's truly two birds with one stone.
 Join us at Bowerhouse MMA and check it out today! We're proud to work with women across Frederick.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started now!
 Get more information now!

 I trained at Bowerhouse MMA for a week while I was at Ft Detrick. The coaching was fantastic from the basic class to the advanced class I picked up a new technique every day. Everyone was friendly, I would definitely train here with my family if I lived in the area. I highly recommend Bowerhouse MMA, its an outstanding academy. Thank you.

 Honestly... Bowerhouse is such a phenomenal place. No lie, me and my girl starters going to classes and working out here, she lost 15 lbs in literally two months, and they got me in the best shape of my life. Everyone is super nice, you never feel like you don’t belong if you aren’t in good shape, coolest people I’ve ever met. Check it out, you WILL NOT regret it! I promise! The best.

 Great place! Chris and his crew have been welcoming to my students and I, every time we have ever visited. If you’re in the Frederick area and not training at Bowerhouse, you’re missing out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
