---
source_url: http://www.bowerhouseacademy.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://bowerhouseacademy.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:39.254Z
---

# Bowerhouse MMA Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Bowerhouse MMA. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 I trained at Bowerhouse MMA for a week while I was at Ft Detrick. The coaching was fantastic from the basic class to the advanced class I picked up a new technique every day. Everyone was friendly, I would definitely train here with my family if I lived in the area. I highly recommend Bowerhouse MMA, its an outstanding academy. Thank you.

 Honestly... Bowerhouse is such a phenomenal place. No lie, me and my girl starters going to classes and working out here, she lost 15 lbs in literally two months, and they got me in the best shape of my life. Everyone is super nice, you never feel like you don’t belong if you aren’t in good shape, coolest people I’ve ever met. Check it out, you WILL NOT regret it! I promise! The best.

 Great place! Chris and his crew have been welcoming to my students and I, every time we have ever visited. If you’re in the Frederick area and not training at Bowerhouse, you’re missing out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
