---
source_url: http://www.bowerhouseacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://bowerhouseacademy.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:39.616Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Frederick ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Bowerhouse MMA. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Frederick's Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes! Here at Bowerhouse MMA, we're proud to offer kids from Frederick the opportunity to get high-quality Jiu Jitsu training from elite instructors!
 Sometimes parents think that the martial arts are all about fighting, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is focused on helping cultivate strong values in our students, giving them the tools they need to enjoy lifelong success . From building confidence and learning focus to establishing lifelong habits of physical fitness, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program is all about helping kids become the best they can be!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes offer your child the opportunity to meet new friends, connect with mentors who will guide them to excellence, and learn transferable skills that will help them in all aspects of life. What we teach at Bowerhouse MMA isn't all about self-defense -- it's about instilling strong values and promoting positive personal growth!
 As your child makes the journey from white belt to black belt, they learn about goal-setting and discipline. As they practice new Jiu Jitsu techniques with their friends, they gain teamwork and leadership skills. Each class helps them gain focus and listening skills. And as a bonus, they'll also learn anti-bullying strategies and the fundamentals of self-defense!
 ##### Join us in Frederick for Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and see your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus, resulting in better performance at school - Practice important teamwork & leadership skills in a safe environment - Bond with positive mentors who will challenge & encourage them
 From your child's very first Kids Jiu Jitsu class, you'll see an improvement in their behavior patterns. They'll burn off some of that excess energy, be calmer and more courteous, and learn what it takes to become a champion -- both on and off the mats!
 #### Try Frederick's Favorite Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! Kids martial arts classes have so much to offer children of all ages and backgrounds. Through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we're offering children from around Frederick, Ballenger Creek, and Ijamsville the opportunity to learn important life skills and cultivate strong values... all while building lifelong habits of physical fitness! Join us at Bowerhouse MMA and see the results for yourself.
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about Kids Martial Arts!
 Get more information now!

 I trained at Bowerhouse MMA for a week while I was at Ft Detrick. The coaching was fantastic from the basic class to the advanced class I picked up a new technique every day. Everyone was friendly, I would definitely train here with my family if I lived in the area. I highly recommend Bowerhouse MMA, its an outstanding academy. Thank you.

 Honestly... Bowerhouse is such a phenomenal place. No lie, me and my girl starters going to classes and working out here, she lost 15 lbs in literally two months, and they got me in the best shape of my life. Everyone is super nice, you never feel like you don’t belong if you aren’t in good shape, coolest people I’ve ever met. Check it out, you WILL NOT regret it! I promise! The best.

 Great place! Chris and his crew have been welcoming to my students and I, every time we have ever visited. If you’re in the Frederick area and not training at Bowerhouse, you’re missing out.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
