---
source_url: http://dbjjhoboken.com/bjj/hoboken
final_url: https://dbjjhoboken.com/bjj/hoboken
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:55.055Z
---

## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art centered on the skill of controlling a resisting opponent in ways that force them to submit. Control is generally easier to obtain on the ground. Consequently, much of the technique of BJJ is centered round the skill of taking an opponent down to the ground and grappling for dominant positions that render an opponent harmless.
 Overcoming an opponent who is larger, stronger, and more aggressive is a key concept. The goal is to use superior leverage, grips, and positioning to gain an advantage. Students of the sport gain a deep understanding of the workings and limits of the human body.
 This knowledge can be used to subdue and control an opponent with whatever level of severity the student chooses. The path to this knowledge is physically and mentally demanding. Students benefit from greatly increased physical fitness, problem-solving ability, self-knowledge of their body and mind and the many social benefits of working within a large group of like-minded students as you learn and have fun together.
 Many students first learn about BJJ through the great popularity of mixed martial arts (MMA) competition, where BJJ techniques are prominent. Indeed, the beginnings of the contemporary MMA competition were largely tied in with proving the combat-efficiency of BJJ. The practice of BJJ as a sport, however, is strongly separated from MMA. Daily classes do not feature kicking or punching. The focus is on safe grappling technique that can be done on a daily basis with no more fear of injury than any other contact sport.
 It is a truly demanding workout with a strongly cerebral aspect and a sense of purpose and skill that will capture your imagination.”
 - Professor John Danaher, Renzo Gracie Black Belt

 ### OUR PROGRAMS New students will engage in a learning journey based in the origins of BJJ and get in touch with the most effective self-defense system developed by the Gracie Family.
 Fundamentals Program
 The Beginners Program is the first level for adults (over the age of 16) beginning their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training. Students will learn the fundamentals of BJJ and basic techniques. Class structure is formed around a warm-up, a lesson in technique and partner training to practice the technique from the lesson.
 Intermediate Program
 The Intermediate Curriculum is primarily focused on sports BJJ with Gi and No-Gi Classes. If students would like to train self-defense they are encouraged to come to the beginners classes as well.
 Advanced Program
 This program is built upon three different curriculums: BJJ, BJJ No-Gi, and BJJ for MMA. Students will consolidate their Jiu-Jitsu game and complete the path towards their Black Belt.
