---
source_url: http://dbjjhoboken.com/youth-bjj/hoboken
final_url: https://dbjjhoboken.com/youth-bjj/hoboken
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:55.643Z
---

## YOUTH BJJ Family Discount : Want to sign up multiple members of your family? Each family member gets 10% off their membership!
 Ready to try a class? Click the “Try a Free Class” button in the top right corner. Once you select your class, and fill out our waiver, you’re all set to come in! We provide a complimentary Gi for your child’s first class.

 ### INDIVIDUALIZED INSTRUCTION At our academy, we recognize that every child is unique and has different abilities and learning styles. That's why our instructors take the time to understand each child's needs and meet them at their level for instruction. We provide personalized attention, ensuring that every child receives the guidance and support they need to excel in their Jiu Jitsu journey.

 ### Life Skills for Success As parents, we understand the importance of enrolling your child in activities that promote their overall growth. Our youth Jiu Jitsu program goes beyond martial arts by instilling valuable life skills in our students. Through our engaging and supportive environment, children learn essential skills such as discipline, self-confidence, teamwork, focus, and problem-solving. Join our program to give your child a head start building these attributes and empower them with the tools they need for future success.

 ### YOUTH DEVELOPMENT In our youth Jiu Jitsu program, we go beyond physical training and focus on holistic development. We incorporate the core values of Bushido: Justice, courage, respect, honesty, mercy, honor, and loyalty into our teachings. These values serve as the foundation for our students' character development, helping them grow into disciplined, respectful, and resilient individuals both on and off the mats.

 ## YOUTH SCHEDULE

 - Ages 4 - 7 Monday, Wednesday, Friday from 4 - 5 PM - Ages 8 - 12 Monday, Wednesday, Friday from 5 - 6 PM

 Try a free class
 Try a free class

 ## MEET OUR INSTRUCTORS

 ### BRANDON PESANTE Coach Brandon Pesante began training in late 2021 under David Branch, where he earned his blue belt in 2022. Brandon also trains Muay Thai. He believes in having a well-rounded martial arts experience. Coach Brandon currently heads our kids Jiu Jitsu program.

 ### VICTOR FERNANDEZ Coach Victor Fernandez started martial arts in 2007 as a wrestler. 10 years later, he graduated from Ursinus College as an NCAA Scholar All-American. He then spent 3 years managing 2 50-student after-school programs in NYC, as well as volunteering as an assistant coach for a high school wrestling program. He began training BJJ in 2022 under David Branch. He is passionate about using martial arts as a tool to help students reach their full potential, and is excited to bring his experience to the David Branch Academy!

 ### KARINA THIO Coach Karina started training Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Professor David in 2022. Her love for watching combat sports eventually transitioned into stepping onto the mats for the first time.
 With heavy emphasis on technique and practicality over larger opponents, Karina’s Women’s Program & Youth Classes will give you the ability to grow mental and physical confidence through jiu jitsu.

 Student safety is our number one priority. That’s what all of our youth instructors receive thorough training as well as a background check.
 ## PARENT TESTIMONIAL: “I’d like to take a minute to express how grateful I am to the entire staff at David Branch Jiu Jitsu. Thank you guys for opening your doors and your hearts to my son, Anthony. Since he started trying at your gym, he has truly made a tremendous 180 as a student and really just as a whole. He’s really started to believe in himself and he’s been showing us at home that he has the strength and abilities we’ve known he’s had all along. He’s on pace to be on the honor roll for the first time in a while. I could cry!! We’re here to finish high school on a high note!!
