---
source_url: http://dbjjhoboken.com
final_url: https://dbjjhoboken.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:55.772Z
---

# DAVID BRANCH JIU JITSU

 ## OUR MISSION David Branch Jiu Jitsu Academy is a martial arts school in Hoboken that teaches Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, MMA, Muay Thai, and Combat Jiu-Jitsu. Our mission is to provide our students with the skills they need to defend themselves, build confidence, and join an amazing community.
 We offer classes for adults and children of all ages and skill levels. Our instructors are experienced and knowledgeable, and they are committed to providing our students with a safe and supportive environment to learn.
 We believe that martial arts is more than just a way to learn self-defense. It is also a way to build confidence, discipline, and character.
 If you are looking for a way to improve your physical and mental well-being, David Branch Jiu Jitsu Academy is the perfect place for you. We offer a variety of classes to fit your needs, and our instructors are here to help you reach your goals.

 ## WHY TRAIN BJJ?

 BJJ is not just about self defense - it's a confidence booster and a discipline builder. You'll gain self-discipline while boosting your confidence levels both on and off the mats.
 But that's not all! BJJ is a killer workout that will have you feeling stronger, fitter, and more athletic. And here's the best part: you'll join a tight-knit community of passionate BJJ enthusiasts who support and motivate each other to reach new heights.
 So, whether you're looking to boost your self-confidence, get in great shape, or be part of an incredible community, our academy is the place for you. Join us on this exciting journey and experience the amazing benefits of training BJJ firsthand!

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 - Adult BJJ Our adult program offers expert-level instruction to help you master the intricacies of martial arts, focusing on skill development, physical fitness, and fostering a supportive community. Whether you're a seasoned practitioner or a beginner looking to challenge yourself, our program provides a holistic approach to enhance your technique, build strength and endurance, and cultivate lasting relationships with fellow enthusiasts. - Youth BJJ Our youth program is designed to nurture the development of young practitioners, offering expert instruction in a supportive and engaging environment. With a focus on youth development, skill-building, physical fitness, and character development, our program aims to empower youth to become confident, disciplined individuals both on and off the mat. Join us to cultivate a passion for jiu-jitsu, forge lasting friendships, and instill valuable life skills that will benefit them well into the future. - Advanced BJJ This program is built upon three different curriculums: BJJ, BJJ No-Gi, and BJJ for MMA. Students will consolidate their Jiu-Jitsu game and complete the path towards their Black Belt. This program spends less time on fundamental skill building, and focuses on applying technique in competition and real life scenarios. - Muay Thai Welcome to our academy's Muay Thai program, where you'll discover the "Art of Eight Limbs." Our friendly and motivating atmosphere focuses on physical and mental development. Experience the cardio-intensive nature of Muay Thai, improving coordination, balance, and cardiovascular endurance, while also learning practical self-defense techniques. Join us today for an exhilarating journey of fitness, self-defense, and personal growth.

 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE

 SIGN UP FOR A TRIAL TODAY!
 SIGN UP FOR A TRIAL TODAY!

 PURCHASE A MEMBERSHIP
 PURCHASE A MEMBERSHIP
