---
source_url: https://alliancecoralsprings.com/classes/Kids-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://alliancecoralsprings.com/classes/Kids-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:40.412Z
---

# Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Coral Springs ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Alliance Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With Coral Springs' Best Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes! At Alliance BJJ - Coral Springs, we are excited to offer top-tier Jiu Jitsu training for kids as young as 3 years old! Our elite instructors are dedicated to providing high-quality instruction to children from across Coral Springs.
 Many parents assume that martial arts are all about fighting, but our Kids Jiu Jitsu program goes far beyond that. We're focused on developing strong values, building confidence, teaching focus, and promoting lifelong habits of physical fitness. Our goal is to help kids grow into the best versions of themselves!
 To learn more about our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, simply fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### What Do Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Offer? Our Kids Jiu Jitsu classes at Alliance BJJ Coral Springs provide your child with the chance to meet new friends, connect with mentors, and learn valuable skills that will benefit them throughout life. Our program isn't just about self-defense, it's about instilling strong values and fostering personal growth!
 As your child progresses from white belt to black belt, they’ll learn goal-setting, discipline, teamwork, and leadership skills. Plus, each class helps improve their focus, listening abilities, and even teaches anti-bullying strategies alongside self-defense fundamentals.
 ##### Our program is structured by age and skill level to ensure each child receives the guidance they need: - Tiny Troopers (Ages 3-4 years) - Mini Troopers (Ages 5-6 years) - Little Troopers (Ages 7-9 years) - Troopers (Ages 10-14 years)
 Our expert coaches will assess each child and place them in the class that best suits their needs, ensuring they thrive in a positive and supportive environment.
 #### #### Join us in Coral Springs for Kids Jiu Jitsu classes and watch your child: - Gain unwavering self-confidence & improved self-esteem - Learn better focus for enhanced school performance - Practice teamwork & leadership in a safe, encouraging setting - Connect with mentors who challenge and inspire them
 From the very first class, you'll notice improvements in your child's behavior. They'll burn off energy, become calmer, more courteous, and develop the mindset of a champion — both on and off the mats!
 Just fill out the short form below to learn more about kids martial arts!
 Get more information now!

 This is my third gym that I’ve trained at. I wanted to find a gym where I could get more 1-1 time with the head instructor and also where I felt part of the academy.

 I knew from the first time speaking with Prof. Nei that I made the right choice. First off, from the minute you meet Nei you feel welcomed. He is smiling, easy to talk to, and genuinely enjoys people. And then you roll with him and you wonder how can this guy be so deadly but also so nice at the same time. Like a big bear. And then you realize that he is just a great professor and a great person.

 He spoke about the history of BJJ as a self defense, and the importance of having a strong stand up game. Two things that the other gyms did not focus on. Everyday we practice take downs along with our ground game.

 In conclusion, the gym is only as good as the professor and professor Nei is the man. He gives more instruction, direction, and invests more into his students than anyone that I’ve ever met.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
