---
source_url: https://alliancecoralsprings.com/classes/Adult-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://alliancecoralsprings.com/classes/Adult-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:40.613Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Coral Springs ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Alliance Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Will Help You Grapple With Any Challenge! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than just a martial art -- it's a combat sport, a self-defense system, and an effective fitness program. Our team at Alliance BJJ - Coral Springs can help you explore the ins and outs of BJJ and personalize a training program to match your goals. Whether you're hoping to learn to defend yourself and your loved ones, lose weight and build lean muscle, or to prepare for competition, we have your back.
 We are Coral Springs' premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu studio and your source for high-quality Jiu Jitsu training. Just sit down and talk with one of our instructors about how we can help you meet and exceed your goals!
 Just fill out the short form on the side of this page to learn more or get started!
 Get Started Today!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Aside from helping you achieve better fitness, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has a wealth of mental and spiritual benefits . By training with us at Alliance BJJ - Coral Springs, you'll get access to a supportive and uplifting community, reduce your stress and anxiety levels in everyday life, and experience boosted energy and higher-quality sleep. And, of course, you'll lose weight and build muscle while learning practical self-defense skills!
 ##### Join us for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes and get access to: - Sustainable weight loss & lean muscle gain - Improved confidence & boosted energy - Reduced stress, better sleep, & an awesome community - Compassionate instructors who will guide you to success
 Alliance BJJ - Coral Springs is 100% committed to our community, so whether you're here in Coral Springs or coming to us from Parkland or Margate, we can help take your workout to the next level . You'll have so much fun training in Jiu Jitsu that you won't even realize how much you're gaining.
 #### Enroll in Coral Springs' Premier Jiu Jitsu Program Today! No matter whether you're a beginner or a pro, Alliance BJJ - Coral Springs has something to offer everyone. From helping engineer better fitness to giving pro martial artists the upper hand in their next match, our team is proud to give our members the best shot at success. Join us in Coral Springs' for our next class and see for yourself what our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes can do for you.
 To get started or learn more, just fill out the short form on the side of this screen!
 Get Started Today!

 This is my third gym that I’ve trained at. I wanted to find a gym where I could get more 1-1 time with the head instructor and also where I felt part of the academy.

 I knew from the first time speaking with Prof. Nei that I made the right choice. First off, from the minute you meet Nei you feel welcomed. He is smiling, easy to talk to, and genuinely enjoys people. And then you roll with him and you wonder how can this guy be so deadly but also so nice at the same time. Like a big bear. And then you realize that he is just a great professor and a great person.

 He spoke about the history of BJJ as a self defense, and the importance of having a strong stand up game. Two things that the other gyms did not focus on. Everyday we practice take downs along with our ground game.

 In conclusion, the gym is only as good as the professor and professor Nei is the man. He gives more instruction, direction, and invests more into his students than anyone that I’ve ever met.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
