---
source_url: https://alliancecoralsprings.com/schedule
final_url: https://alliancecoralsprings.com/schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:40.829Z
---

# Alliance Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Alliance Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 Print

 Download PDF Here

 This is my third gym that I’ve trained at. I wanted to find a gym where I could get more 1-1 time with the head instructor and also where I felt part of the academy.

 I knew from the first time speaking with Prof. Nei that I made the right choice. First off, from the minute you meet Nei you feel welcomed. He is smiling, easy to talk to, and genuinely enjoys people. And then you roll with him and you wonder how can this guy be so deadly but also so nice at the same time. Like a big bear. And then you realize that he is just a great professor and a great person.

 He spoke about the history of BJJ as a self defense, and the importance of having a strong stand up game. Two things that the other gyms did not focus on. Everyday we practice take downs along with our ground game.

 In conclusion, the gym is only as good as the professor and professor Nei is the man. He gives more instruction, direction, and invests more into his students than anyone that I’ve ever met.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
