---
source_url: http://www.tillisbjj.com
final_url: https://www.tillisbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:04.801Z
---

##### Try a Class for FREE - Sign Up Here !
 First Name
 Email
 Last Name
 Phone
 I want to try a free class and to your mailing list
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 # BRAZILIAN JIU JiTSU
 MUAY THAI

 BOXING

 WRESTLING

 ## TILLIS

 ### WELCOME
 Welcome to Tillis Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, the best Martial Arts Studio in the Whittier area. Take a look through our site to learn about our wide selection of courses, our dedicated team, important news and updates and much more.

 ### GYM SCHEDULE
 Pick up our latest gym schedule here. Remember we offer anyone to try a free class There are no hidden tricks, no gimmicks, and nothing to sign. Come try a FREE class with us TODAY!

 VIEW SCHEDULE
 CALL US TODAY AT
 1-562-631-2408

 CLASS SCHEDULE
 KIDS CLASSES
 As one of our most popular offerings, we offer a rich and thriving environment to help kids build self esteem, discipline and learn to be bully proof. If you’re unsure about your level or have questions, simply reach out.

 ADULT CLASSES
 All our adult course have been highly regarded by countless students throughout the years, and has provided the perfect foundation for building the warrior in you. Get in touch with questions or to learn more.

 ### Try A Free Class!
 UPCOMING EVENTS
 Updates will be made soon.

 JOIN US TODAY!
 ### OPENING HOURS
 MONDAY-FRIDAY
 7:00 AM - 10:00PM

 SATURDAY
 9:30 AM - 1:30 PM

 SUNDAY
 9:00 AM - 10:30PM

 ### ADDRESS
 14208 Mulberry Drive, Whittier, CA. 90604
 E-mail: info@tillisbjj.com
 Tel: 562-631-2408

 - - -
