---
source_url: http://www.bjjbushido.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.bjjbushido.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:06.883Z
---

# BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 START WEEK TRIAL
 START WEEK TRIAL

 #### WHY STUDY BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU?

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, a grappling sport, emphasizes leverage, and joint manipulation, utilizing technique over size and strength. Properly executed, it allows a smaller person to gain control over a larger, stronger opponent.
 Real-world fights often end up on the ground; Jiu Jitsu teaches you to go safely from standing to ground combat, making it a practical martial art to learn to outsmart your opponent.
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu also comprises a large portion of the mixed martial arts (MMA) world. For anyone whose fitness goals include professional fighting, knowing how to work on the ground with dominating positions and effective submissions is essential to a successful career.
 Even for those who don’t look to compete, BJJ will give you a new level of cardio, conditioning, and mental sharpness that will get you into peak form. You’ll build trust with your training partners and experience culture in a completely unique way.

 #### WHAT WILL MY FIRST CLASS LOOK LIKE?

 Congratulations! You just submitted your information to take part in class. If you didn’t already specify a date and time, one of our coaches will reach out to confirm.
 If you’ve never done Jiu Jitsu, we offer Fundamentals class where you’ll learn the basics: common positions and movements, and Jiu Jitsu techniques.
 Then, the fun begins! Everyone lines up on the mat by rank, with the higher belts heading up the right end of the line, and everybody bows in, indicating class has begun. A short warm up starts class and then you’ll pair up with a partner to go over techniques.
 You’ve just taken your first Jiu Jitsu class. It only gets better from here, as you keep coming in and eventually build your game in live training!

 #### WHY STUDY AT BUSHIDO?

 View fullsize

 # TECHNIQUE

 View fullsize

 # COMMUNITY

 View fullsize

 ## SAFETY

 ## NO GI JIU-JITSU

 #### NEXT PROGRAM:

 NEXT
 NEXT
