---
source_url: http://www.bjjbushido.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.bjjbushido.com/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:07.724Z
---

# KIDS JIU-JITSU

 START WEEK TRIAL
 START WEEK TRIAL

 ## KID’S PROGRAMS

 #### Little Samurai Our Little Samurai Jiu-Jitsu program is designed for children 5-7 years old focusing on very basic martial arts principles such as coordination and balance. Students will go through drilling basic positions focusing on body mechanics, distance awareness along with self-discipline. Jiu-Jitsu games are a fun way to learn the principles within the curriculum safely.

 #### Junior Samurai Our Junior Samurai Jiu-Jitsu program is designed for ages 8-13 years old. Students will learn the fundamentals of traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. The curriculum will mix in basic wrestling and judo for a well-rounded martial arts education for your child.
 Our program is focused on teaching kids a positive culture based on working hard, not giving up and always helping others. Physical fitness drills will help your child build a strong body and improve their flexibility, strength, speed and coordination. Discipline, respect and self-control are also stressed in our kids program. All of these qualities in combination with the self-defense aspects of learning Jiu-Jitsu will help your child succeed in all areas of life!

 START WEEK TRIAL
 START WEEK TRIAL

 #### WHY STUDY BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU?

 The most technically useful combat sport in self defense, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is designed to help a smaller person defend against a larger and stronger opponent through the use of technique and leverage.
 Bushido Zionsville has designed a Kids Jiu Jitsu curriculum that covers all aspects of the sport to meet your child at whatever level they are at. Alongside Jiu Jitsu moves and technique, our coaches focus on F.R.E.D. in our kids program – focus, respect, energy, and discipline.
 Our academy makes sure to weave the concepts of F.R.E.D. into all of our classes. At Bushido Jiu Jitsu, children will learn technical skills to defend themselves on the ground in a positive, playful setting with some of the top instructors.
 Your kids will build trust with their training partners and experience culture and community in a completely unique way, making friends along the way that help drive them to improve and grow strong.

 #### WHAT WILL MY CHILD’S FIRST CLASS LOOK LIKE?

 You just signed your kid up for a free class! One of our coaches will reach out to ask the name of your child and schedule their first class.
 On the very first day of class, you’ll arrive a little early to fill out the digital waiver. Martial arts can feel intimidating to a first-time child, so we want to make sure to work in some extra time to get to know them and make them feel comfortable and introduce them to their coach.
 Class starts with some drills or a game to get everyone warmed up, and then the coach will help pair students up. Kids practice drilling the techniques with their partner, and at the end of class they get to live train in rounds with everybody.
 These live training sessions are designed to allow children the chance to practice the techniques they learned on various body types, shapes and sizes; the more partners in the room, the better!

 #### WHY STUDY AT BUSHIDO?

 View fullsize

 ## community

 View fullsize

 ## SOCIAL SKILLS

 View fullsize

 ## CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT
