---
source_url: http://graciehumaitacolumbia.com
final_url: https://graciehumaitacolumbia.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:23.515Z
---

### Good PeopleGreat Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Gain confidence and fitness as you learn to defend yourself.

 Sign up Today to claim your free trial

 ## Why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, or BJJ, is a martial art based on grappling and ground fighting, focusing on the skill of controlling one’s opponent through techniques that force him or her to submit. BJJ prides itself on being known as “the gentle art,” allowing a smaller, weaker person, using leverage and submissions, to defend himself against a bigger opponent. Jiu-Jitsu is the perfect martial art for self-defense.

 ### Self defense Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting techniques, which can be very effective for self-defense in real-life situations. No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu is perfect for real-world self-defense training.

 ### Physical fitness Jiu-Jitsu is a physically demanding activity that can improve strength, endurance, flexibility, and overall fitness. Jiu-Jitsu is a far better workout than going to the gym.

 ### Mental health Practicing Jiu-Jitsu can be a great way to relieve stress, improve focus and concentration, and boost self-confidence. Gracie Humaita Jiu-Jitsu will help you reach your mental peak!

 ### Community Many people who practice Jiu-Jitsu find a strong sense of community and camaraderie among their training partners and fellow practitioners. The community at Gracie Humaita Columbia is one of the most supportive in town!

 SIGN UP TODAY

 ## Gracie Humaita Columbia, Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 Welcome to our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu community in Columbia, MO! Whether you’re a beginner or a pro, we have the best BJJ classes in Columbia for competition or self-defense. We offer classes for all levels and all ages. These classes include Fundamentals, All Belt Level, Competition, and No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu classes. These are some of the best martial arts classes in Missouri, and they are taught by world-champion instructors who know how to cater to your level. Join the best community in all of Columbia.

 View Classes

 ## Kids JIu-Jitsu Classes

 Our Lil’ Champions Jiu-Jitsu classes are designed specifically for young kids, providing a fun and safe introduction to the world of Jiu-Jitsu. In these classes, children learn fundamental techniques and principles while developing important life skills like focus, discipline, and respect. Join us for an exciting journey where your child will gain confidence, make new friends, and embrace the joy of learning Jiu-Jitsu!

 Learn more

 ## Women's Only Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 We have the Biggest womens only Jiu-Jitsu program in all of Missouri. Our women’s-only Jiu-Jitsu classes provide a supportive and empowering environment for women of all ages and skill levels. In these classes, you’ll learn effective self-defense techniques while building confidence and strength. Join our community of strong and inspiring women as we grow together on the Jiu-Jitsu journey!

 Learn more

 ## Competition Jiu-Jitsu

 Our Competition Jiu-Jitsu classes are tailored for practitioners who want to take their skills to the next level and participate in tournaments. These classes focus on advanced techniques, strategy, and mental preparation, providing the perfect platform for athletes to excel in the competitive Jiu-Jitsu circuit. Join us to elevate your game, build confidence, and showcase your talents on the mat! These classes include both Gi and No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu.

 Learn More

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 Bjj or Jiu-Jitsu—which literally means the gentle art—is a famous form of self-defense that does not rely on physical strength and power. Using techniques of strikes, holds, locks, chokes, throws, and evasions, it employs mechanics through leverage and knowledge of human anatomy to overcome any attacker with minimal effort and strength.
 Jiu-Jitsu teaches self-confidence, improves self-esteem, relieves stress, and increases the ability to focus. Bjj In Columbia Mo follows these principals and is a thriving community

 Do I need to be in shape to start?
 Any fitness level is welcome to the classes. What we emphasize in our classes is hard work. Everyone is welcome and we will do our best to accommodate you. As the lessons progress, so will your fitness, so lessons will become easier.
 Our team will ensure a progressive and gradual plan to help you acclimate to our programs while achieving your fitness goals.
 We take people at all levels and they will progress in their fitness much quicker then they were in any other Columbia Missouri Gym

 Am I too old to train?
 We have students of all ages, each with different goals in mind. Whether you are 7 or 70, our classes and programs are designed to provide results at any age and are enjoyed by students from 7 or 89 years old. On top of that Jiu-Jitsu will help you feel like your reversing the aging process, giving you more energy and improving your functional strength with every class.

 What is your pricing for classes?
 Click here to contact us for pricing information.

 What is a typical class like?
 We begin class with some light calisthenics and stretching. Following our warm-up we then begin drilling technique. These drills when done over and over help form muscle memory and help our students retain technique. After our drilling is completed then we begin to spar (or roll). Rolling is when students are able to put their techniques to the test with training partners who can resist and counter just as they would in an actual fight, providing valuable real-world experience should the techniques ever need to be applied in an actual fight.
 To learn more Click Here

 Will I be expected to compete?
 Competition is encouraged for those who wish to do so but it is NOT a requirement.
 While there are many positive reasons for competing in tournaments, it is each individual’s choice. Over the years, we have noticed that students who compete make amazing improvements in their Jiu-Jitsu skills.

 Can women do it?
 Without a doubt, Jiu-Jitsu is a sport that women excel at. With numerous skilled practitioners and competitors who inspire and lead the way, our community warmly welcomes and actively encourages women to participate in the sport. It offers an empowering opportunity.
 While Jiu-Jitsu can be physically demanding and challenging, it is a martial art that is based on technique and leverage rather than brute strength. This means that women can often use their natural strengths, such as flexibility, agility, and technique to their advantage.
 In addition to the physical benefits of practicing Jiu-Jitsu, many women find that it is a great way to build confidence, develop self-defense skills, and become part of a supportive and inclusive community.
 If you want to learn more check out our Women’s only Jiu-Jitsu class page

 Why train with the gi?
 The Gi game obviously has a lot more to it. Everything that can be done without the Gi can be done with it, making it a more complex game. Additionally, taking away the Gi allows physical attributes such as size, strength, and slipperiness to come to play with greater effect due to the lack of levers and friction. Working with the Gi is generally considered more of a thinking man’s game. Not that No-Gi isn’t, it’s just that the Gi removes many physical advantages and adds more techniques. For now, you should view your kimono as a set of training wheels. As you develop a higher level of proficiency, you will learn to perform Jiu-jitsu techniques both with and without a kimono. For now, the kimono will add a level of sophistication to your game that will result in you as a student becoming a more advanced and technical fighter.

 ## Jiu-Jitsu martial arts schools near me

 We are confident Gracie Humaita Columbia is one of the best schools in the Midwest, but we understand not everyone who visits our website is close to us. Check out some of our affiliate schools if they are nearer to you or if you’re traveling around Missouri and looking to drop in for a day class. See Jiu-Jitsu schools near me below!

 ### Affiliate Schools

 ## Not local to Columbia? Check out our affiliate schools to begin your Jiu-Jitsu journey today or search Jiu-Jitsu Near me
