---
source_url: http://kyokushinkai.md
final_url: https://kyokushinkai.md/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:09:53.367Z
---

# Keep your head low, eyes high, be restrained in words, treat others with respect and courtesy. ##
 Contact us
 # National Sport Federation Karate Kyokushinkaikan IKO of Moldova
 Events List

 # National Sport Federation Karate Kyokushinkaikan IKO of Moldova Official representative of the International Karate Organization Kyokushinkaikan(IKO) in Moldova
 Events List

 # Federation activities Competitions

 ## International, national tournaments ### Participation of athletes in national competitions, European Championships and World Championships

 Training Camp

 ## Schools, seminars, gatherings. ### Camps and seminars (national and international), certification for student belts, camp program.

 Federation

 ## Federation of Kyokushinkai Karate of Moldova ### Participation of athletes in national competitions, European Championships and World Championships

 # Recent Events Balkan Championships

 2026-03-15

 г.Бурса Турция Chișinau Open 2026

 2026-02-21

 Chișinau, Moldova Winter School 2026

 2026-01-23

 Chisinau, Moldova

 # Frequently Asked Questions ## What should you take with you to your first training session? For the first workout, sportswear (T-shirt and pants) is enough. If you decide to continue with the class, you will be advised to purchase a kimono (gi) and protective equipment.

 ## Where do the trainings take place and how to sign up? Trainings take place in various cities and towns of Moldova. You can contact the coach by phone, which is listed on the website in the “Federation” section.

 ## Do you need to be physically fit to get started? No, no initial training is required. Training takes place in stages and is adapted to the level of each student. Strength, endurance and technique develop gradually.

 Support & FAQ page
