---
source_url: http://www.aimhighma.org
final_url: https://www.aimhighma.org/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:41.121Z
---

### Events day camps Check out our camps here

 ### Who are we? Aim High Academy of Martial Arts is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit martial arts school located in the Beaverton area. With a variety of styles and programs for students ages 3 and up, you are sure to find your martial arts home here at Aim High!

 ## our programs

 Warriors
 MMA
 Tang Soo Do
 Taekwondo
 Kickboxing
 ### MMA MMA is a moderate to high impact program designed for a wide age range. It combines aspects of Filipino martial arts, sport karate, Muay Thai, Western boxing, jiu jitsu, and streetwise defense.
 MMA Program

 ### Taekwondo Our Taekwondo program blends olympic- and traditional-styles of taekwondo with accents of Western boxing, Thai kickboxing, Judo, and physical fitness.
 Taekwondo Program

 ### Tang Soo Do Tang Soo Do encompasses basic hand and kicking techniques, target and pad work, forms, weapons, and much more! In this class, you'll have the opportunity to participate in tournaments, regional training clinics, and become a black belt.
 Tang Soo Do Program

 ### Warriors Warriors is our program for younger children, separated by age into Little Warrior and Warrior Junior. Our instructors will teach your child martial arts and life lessons, like respect, confidence, focus, and self-control.
 Warriors Program

 ### Kickboxing Kickboxing is a moderate impact fitness/combat class with influences from taekwondo, Muay Thai, and Western boxing. This program is great for people looking for both in depth kickboxing training and a good workout!
 Kickboxing Program

 ### Did somebody say fun? Our Events department takes great pride in offering activities for youth year-round. Whether you're looking for camp on a day off from school or looking for something to do on a Saturday night — look no further than Aim High!
 #### Camps are open! Aim High camps are a fun and safe place for your child to attend when they're on a school break!
 Events Home Camps

 Aim High Academy of Martial Arts is a department of Aim High PDX. Check out our sister departments on the PDX website linked below!
 Aim High PDX Website

 ## We're Hiring #### Aim High Academy of Martial Arts is hiring talented Martial Arts instructors! If you are someone who is experienced in a martial arts discipline and can uphold and teach our core values of kindness, integrity, and respect, join us and help create a safe environment for our students to thrive in martial arts!
 Apply Today
