---
source_url: http://www.jitsuacademy.com/classes
final_url: https://jitsuacademy.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:27.722Z
---

# Classes #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Kids BJJ (All Levels)+(Advanced) #### Kids BJJ (All Levels)+(Advanced)
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is not just a sport, it’s a martial art whose guiding principle proves that a much smaller and weaker person can defend themselves against a larger opponent by utilizing leverage, angles, and techniques. BJJ will change your life! The classes teach mind and body awareness, self-defense tactics, all while building lasting relationships with teammates and instructors. Acquiring the BJJ lifestyle results in improved mental focus, increased self-confidence, and an overall healthier way of life.

 #### Kids BJJ (All Levels)+(Advanced) #### Kids BJJ (All Levels)+(Advanced) #### Kids BJJ (All Levels)+(Advanced)
 Our goal is to keep kids physically and socially active as they bond and have fun with new friends in a positive and nurturing environment. Enrolling your children in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu promotes self-respect and respect for others, self-discipline, increases your child’s level of self-confidence, and teaches problem solving techniques, all while giving them the ability to protect and defend themselves.

 (Note: The safety of our kids is a top priority at our schools. Any child under the age of 6 will be evaluated by our instructors during their initial free trial to make sure they are physically capable of learning, retaining, and executing the techniques in a safe way).

 #### Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu #### Kids BJJ (All Levels)+(Advanced) #### Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Whether you are a seasoned competitor or a beginner, women of all ages and athletic abilities are welcome to try a class and become a member of JCBJJ! The benefits include: improved fitness level, increased confidence and attainment of self-defense knowledge.

 #### Striking / MMA (CT only) #### Striking / MMA (CT only) #### Women's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 While the popularity of the UFC is a recent phenomenon, MMA or Mixed Martial Arts has been around in some capacity since Ancient Greece. MMA combines the techniques from Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, Boxing, Kickboxing and Wrestling to promote proper technique to be able to compete, learn the sport or to get into shape.

 #### No-GI #### Striking / MMA (CT only) #### BJJ Fundamentals
 The object of No-GI is to use a variety of joint locks and chokes to win by submission or by points. Competitions in this sport resemble Brazilian Jiu Jitsu competitions, although competitors do not wear GI's. The lack of a GI increases the speed and athleticism required, and also limits the sweeping and submission options of the competitors.

 #### BJJ Fundamentals #### Striking / MMA (CT only) #### BJJ Fundamentals
 Our BJJ Fundamentals class focuses on the foundational aspects of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Members learn positioning, submissions and overall concepts. This class gives our members the extra edge if they want to compete. Although you do not have to be a team competitor to enjoy the benefits of this class.

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Jitsu Academy Kids
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ## Women's BJJ
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 ### Our new location is NOW OPEN! Our new location is right next door to the old one and has double the space, more amenities all just for you!
 See you on the mats!
