---
source_url: https://premierjiujitsu.club/classes
final_url: https://www.premierjiujitsu.club/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:48.283Z
---

# Classes

 At Premier Jiu Jitsu, we offer both Gi and No-Gi classes to meet the needs of our diverse community. Whether you are a beginner or an experienced practitioner, we have a class that will suit your level and help you achieve your goals.

 ## Adult Classes - Fundamental Classes: Our fundamental classes are designed for beginners and those looking to refresh their basic skills. These classes focus on the core techniques and principles of BJJ, providing a strong foundation for all practitioners. - All-Level Classes: Our all-level classes are open to students of all skill levels. Whether you are just starting out or have been training for years, these classes offer a mix of techniques and drills that cater to everyone. Our experienced instructors ensure that each student receives personalized attention to help them progress.
 Our classes employ a task-based learning approach. Instead of repeating one move 100 times without context, we set specific goals and have our members work through these tasks. This method fosters problem-solving skills that are vital in combat and grappling, and provides a deeper understanding of the moves rather than just an assortment of techniques.

 We offer both fundamental and all-level classes every single day, giving you the flexibility to train according to your schedule.

 ADULT CLASS SCHEDULE
 ADULT CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## Kids Classes Our kids’ classes are designed to teach children the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu in a fun and engaging way. These classes help improve physical fitness, build confidence, and instill discipline and respect. Our experienced instructors create a safe and supportive environment where kids can learn and grow.

 KIDS CLASS SCHEDULE
 KIDS CLASS SCHEDULE

 ### Private Lessons For those looking for more personalized instruction, we offer private lessons. These one-on-one sessions allow you to work closely with an instructor to focus on specific techniques and areas for improvement. Private lessons are a great way to accelerate your progress and achieve your goals faster.

 ### Special Programs and EventS We also offer special programs and events throughout the year, including seminars, workshops, and competitions. These events provide additional opportunities for learning, growth, and community building.

 ## Ready to Start
 ## Training?

 The best time to start training Jiu Jitsu is TODAY! If you’re ready for the challenge, contact us to book your in person informational meeting and learn how to get a FREE month of training. We’re excited to grow with you!
