---
source_url: https://premierjiujitsu.club
final_url: https://www.premierjiujitsu.club/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:48.560Z
---

# Discover Madison’s Premier Jiu Jitsu Academy

 Congratulations on discovering Madison’s Premier Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Academy! Serving Madison, Fitchburg, Middleton, and Verona, Premier Jiu Jitsu is a community of people from all walks of life brought together by one simple goal: to improve themselves every single day. The method we use is Jiu Jitsu, and the effects can be felt in every aspect of your life, mentally and physically.
 If you’re ready to get started, click below to schedule a free consultation with one of our coaches.

 SCHEDULE CONSULTATION
 SCHEDULE CONSULTATION

 ## What is Jiu Jitsu? The direct translation is “gentle art” as it is the martial art that can end physical confrontations without causing injury, but it is so much more than that. It is the most dynamic and evolving martial art today. Constantly being refined and improved by millions of practitioners worldwide, Jiu Jitsu is truly a LIVING art. No stale kata from hundreds of years ago, no board breaking, no outdated formalities—just the most effective and efficient grappling techniques as proven by competition, mixed martial arts, and self-defense results. Jiu Jitsu is many things to many people: a hobby, a passion, a workout, a community, a sport, or a lifestyle. What it will be to you is entirely up to you!

 Learn more
 Learn more

 ## Jiu Jitsu for Everyone

 ### ### Kids' Classes Our kids' classes (6+) build confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills to protect against bullying and harassment. While our competition team is top-tier, our focus is on instilling perseverance, hard work, and respect—all while teaching the most effective and FUN martial art for self-defense.

 ### ### Adult Classes Our adult classes emphasize fitness, technique, and practical grappling applications. Whether you’re looking to get in shape, become a top tournament grappler, build MMA skills, or just enjoy some roughhousing, Premier Jiu Jitsu has a place for you! Our curriculum is cutting-edge, constantly evolving alongside Jiu Jitsu.

 View Class Schedule
 View Class Schedule

 ## Why Choose Premier Jiu Jitsu?

 At Premier Jiu Jitsu, we believe in the power of trajectory! Progress breeds progress, and every 1% improvement elevates not just you but everyone around you. Joining our community, where the goal is constant improvement, will change your life. Unlike other Jiu Jitsu gyms that require shady contracts, class limits, belt promotion fees, or uniform purchases, Premier Jiu Jitsu offers an upfront and honest relationship. No hidden fees or mandatory contracts—just the most effective techniques taught through an ever-evolving curriculum designed to make YOU the best grappler possible.

 Contact Us
 Contact Us

 ## Meet Our Instructors

 #### Bill Dresser - Jiu Jitsu black belt - Retired MMA fighter - 15 years of grappling experience - 8 years of instruction experience

 #### Coleman Meyer - Jiu Jitsu black belt - Active and accomplished competitor - 5 years coaching experience

 Train with us
 Train with us

 ## Ready to Start
 ## Training?

 The best time to start training Jiu Jitsu is TODAY! If you’re ready for the challenge, click below to book an in person informational meeting and learn how to get a FREE month of training.
 SCHEDULE CONSULTATION >>
 We’re excited to grow with you!
