---
source_url: http://www.uwskenshikai.com/kidsbjj.php
final_url: http://www.uwskenshikai.com/kidsbjj.php
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.076Z
---

Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 See the Schedule

 Kids BJJ Ages 5-7 / 8-12:
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) focuses on grappling with each practitioner attempting to get to a dominant position and attack with a submission hold. Our kids' BJJ classes are taught in a fun and entertaining way, but the techniques are very real, very effective, and must be used carefully. Self control and focus are a must! Each class begins with a very active warmup. It is followed by standard drills that are done each class to build muscle memory and solid fundamentals. After this, there are unique techniques taught for that class. Every class finishes with the students sparring (rolling) with each other.

 BJJ for Young Women Ages 11-17:
 One of our most popular classes, BJJ for Young Women was created for teen and pre-teen girls to learn the art of Jiu Jitsu in a safe, comfortable environment. Perfect for female students who are a bit nervous about trying grappling for the first time, this class includes all the elements of the regular kids BJJ classes described above.

 Why Choose UWS BJJ for Your Child? - Safety is always our number one concern. We emphasize self control, mat awareness and being a good partner in every single class. More experienced students are always encouraged to help newer ones. Lessons are often thematic, with overall BJJ concepts and skill enforced over competitiveness and aggression. - We have a comfortable, age appropriate BJJ class for everyone. We offer co-ed kids classes for kids ages 5 and up and girls only classes for pre-teens and teens. Beginners are always welcome! - Every Kids Jiu-Jitsu class is co taught by two highly experienced instructors. Classes almost never have more than 15 students so your child will always get plenty of individualized attention.

 Notes About All Kids BJJ Classes:
 - All of our classes are No-Gi, which means a traditional BJJ uniform (or gi) is not required. Students wear rashguards/t-shirts and shorts/leggings. Class is done barefoot. - Each class is co-taught by two highly experienced instructors. - All classes are 45 minutes long. - Parents and children are welcome to come in and observe a class any time. - New students may take a trial class! Call or visit us to find out more!
 For information about private lessons, homeschool classes or classes in your child’s school, please contact us!

 Meet the Teachers

 See the Schedule

 See Our Rates

 928 Columbus Ave. (212) 222-1172
 Call us | Text us
