---
source_url: http://www.uwskenshikai.com/adultbjj.php
final_url: http://www.uwskenshikai.com/adultbjj.php
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.158Z
---

Adult Jiu-Jitsu
 See the Schedule

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art based on Japanese Judo and revolutionized in Brazil. It gained popularity in the US when it was displayed successfully by Royce Gracie in the original UFC 1.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can simultaneously be considered a useful tool for self-defense, a very interesting and complex sport, and also a beautiful and deep martial art. We attempt to address all three of these ideas within our practice.

 Every class contains a short warmup, daily regular drills, class specific drills, and then sparring (or rolling). Beginners will always be led through the basics by the senior students in class.

 Jiu-Jitsu can be a very intimidating martial art. Often, the environment around the practice is not as controlled as it should be. This often makes Jiu-Jitsu not as accessible as it should be. We strive to make the training environment inclusive for all people. We want you to feel welcome and supported, regardless of age, gender, physical aptitude, or previous martial arts experience.

 Why Choose UWS BJJ? - Safety is always our number one concern. Most of our students aren't looking to be professional fighters and can't live their normal lives getting injured all the time. - As a smaller gym our class sizes are rarely over a dozen people. You won't be lost in the crowd and will get plenty of attention from the instructors unlike at most "Big Box" gyms. - Every Jiu-Jitsu class never has another class scheduled right after it. This means the mats remain open so people can train more, or ask questions of the senior students.

 Meet the Teachers

 See the Schedule

 See Our Rates

 928 Columbus Ave. (212) 222-1172
 Call us | Text us
