---
source_url: http://www.fenixjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://fenixjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:49.740Z
---

Jui Jitsu

 ### Hickory, North Carolina’s # Leading Martial Arts Academy

 Get in Touch

 ### 841 8th Ave NE Hickory, 28601

 ### Call: 828-838-3160

 ## Sign-Up For Your Free consultation Today Ready to Take the Plunge with Fènix Jiu Jitsu? We are thrilled you are interested in joining our talented team of athletes. Simply fill in the form below and someone from our gym will be in touch with you soon to get your free consultation set-up.

 Name (Required) First Last
 Phone (Required)
 Email (Required)
 Message

 ## Now enrolling for our 42 day back to school challenge! Bully-proof your kid and give them the confidence and leadership skills that will last a lifetime! There are limited spots available,so don’t miss out! Give us a call today, register online, or come visit to begin your journey with Jiu Jitsu. You won’t be disappointed.

 Find out more

 ## Classes “I offer the promise and commitment that our instructors will help you, push you and motivate you to get the most out of our program. We will lead by example and inspire you achieve your goals.”
 – Jason Bebber, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belt and Owner of Fènix Jiu Jitsu

 Learn More

 ### Fundamental Class This class is specifically designed with the beginner in mind. We break down the core principals and movements into small “chew-able” pieces that makes learning BJJ both fun and exciting! No experience necessary for this one!

 ### Youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Our youth Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is based around the Gracie Bullyproof system, which is a series of games designed to teach a set of core skills useful to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, while also keeping everything fun. These games are taught in a rotating curriculum, with a different game every class.

 ### Kick Boxing Program Our Kickboxing program rocks! If you are looking for top notch instruction from professional instructors,while getting an awesome workout in, this class is for you!Fast paced, non stop action,coupled with real skills you can use in sport or self defense.

 ### Advanced BrazilianJiu-Jitsu Class Just like it says, this class is for those folks who would like to go deeper into the study of BJJ. We take a look at more complex and intricate scenarios and do a deep dive into both sport and self defense possibilities.

 ### No Gi (Submission / Grappling Class) No-Gi, or submission grappling is exactly what it sounds like. It’s much like BJJ, but without the Gi, or traditional uniform. It’s a little faster paced, and very exciting. There are no ranks in no-Gi grappling, but the basic principles are the same as BJJ.

 HICKORY

 ## Why Choose Fènix Every journey begins with an idea. At Fènix we’ll teach you the core principles of Jiu-Jitsu, such as distance management, leverage and technique, all while having fun. We offer a fundamentals class for beginners, with a clearly defined curriculum; an advanced class for those experienced but looking for a definite workout; and a youth class which is a series of games designed to teach a set of core skills.
