---
source_url: http://riverfrontbjj.com/classes
final_url: https://riverfrontbjj.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:59.893Z
---

I'M IN
 ### Want to try a free class?

 Home Programs More Contact About schedule Memberships FAQ's Mat Queens Womens Jiu Jitsu Program Little Otters Kids Jiu Jitsu Program

 Home Programs More Contact About schedule Memberships FAQ's Gear Shop events community

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Jiu Jitsu was designed to help the student develop proficiency and heightened awareness. Traditionally Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is practiced in a Gi (Kimono). The burden the gi places on the body eliminates many physical advantages so the participant is forced to focus on technique and strategy. We offer beginner and advanced Gi classes.

 ## Gi Jiu Jitsu
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat Comp Class Mobility Takedowns/Judo Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Kids Jiu Jitsu No Gi Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Try a free class See Our Memberships No Gi classes consists of basic traditional Jiu-Jitsu techniques adapted to make up for the lack of a uniform to grab. Students will learn how to take down, hold down and apply joint locks to submit opponents who are not wearing a traditional bjj Kimono (Gi). No-Gi class is faster paced includes additional techniques such as foot and leg locks. We offer beginner and advanced no-gi classes.

 ## No Gi Jiu Jitsu
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat Comp Class Mobility Takedowns/Judo Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Kids Jiu Jitsu No Gi Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Jiu Jitsu isn’t just for adults. In fact, it’s the perfect activity for kids. This form of martial arts incorporates a lot of ground grappling and control tactics. It is so much more than self defense though. BJJ helps kids gain confidence, learn discipline, focus their energy, foster respect for others, and be a part of a one-of-a-kind community full of future friends and mentors!

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat Comp Class Mobility Takedowns/Judo Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Kids Jiu Jitsu No Gi Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Description coming soon!

 ## Striking
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat Comp Class Mobility Takedowns/Judo Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Kids Jiu Jitsu No Gi Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Try a free class See Our Memberships In this class you will learn wrestling takedowns adapted for Jiu Jitsu. Conventional takedowns leave a grapplers necks open to chokes. This class is focused on wrestling takedowns while avoiding submissions. Wrestling for Jiu Jitsu will incorporate transitions directly from takedowns to various guards, dominant positions and submissions.

 ## Wrestling for Jiu Jitsu
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat Comp Class Mobility Takedowns/Judo No Gi Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu Striking Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Gi Jiu Jitsu

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Judo is a Japanese martial art using holds and leverage to submit an opponent. Judo for Jiu Jitsu is a hybrid class focused on takedowns, defense to takedowns, grip fighting and setup. This class will be taught primarily in the Gi, but will also incorporate No Gi techniques. Judo is open to all skill levels.

 ## Takedowns/Judo
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat Comp Class Mobility No Gi Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Takedowns/Judo

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Jiu Jitsu is a physically demanding sport that can often lead to various injuries. Mobility for Jiu Jitsu is designed to build the mobility and strength to supplement your jiu jitsu training. Dont expect a leisurely yoga class, we will be MOVING for 30 minutes to keep our body warm and move through various jiu jitsu related sequences.

 ## Mobility
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat Comp Class No Gi Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Takedowns/Judo Mobility

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Competition class is a fast paced 1 hour class where we will do back to back rounds of situational sparring, drilling and live sparring. This class is open to blue belts and above, or white belts who are signed up for a competition. This class is primarily No Gi, but if you want to do the class in Gi that is also an option (just find a partner who also wants to do Gi!).

 ## Competition Class
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU Open Mat No Gi Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Takedowns/Judo Mobility Comp Class

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Open mat is a time for members to work on what they learned during the week. Whether you want to drill, work on a specific technique or spar, this is your time to use the mats to improve your skills. Open mats are held Fridays and Sundays. We do allow non-members to attend but you must message us first. No Walk Ins.

 ## Open Mat
 Practical Application WOMENS JIU JITSU No Gi Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Comp Class Striking Takedowns/Judo Mobility Open Mat

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Class Coming Soon!

 This is a beginner friendly women's only jiu jitsu class taught by owner and purple belt Elyse Shaw. This class will be No Gi and focus on self defense and fundamental jiu jitsu, but will also be beneficial for upper belts!

 ## Womens Only Jiu Jitsu
 Practical Application No Gi Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Comp Class Striking Takedowns/Judo Open Mat Mobility Womens Jiu Jitsu

 Try a free class See Our Memberships Class Coming Soon!

 How practical is jiu jitsu and striking in real life? During this class we will create practical real life situations and learn how to safely navigate them. This class will include t-shirt/clothing chokes, striking, self defense jiu jitsu, takedowns, creating distance and more.

 ## Practical Application
 No Gi Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Comp Class Womens Jiu Jitsu Striking Takedowns/Judo Open Mat Mobility Practical Application

 Practical Application Womens Jiu Jitsu Open Mat Comp Class Mobility Takedowns/Judo Wrestling for Jiu JItsu Striking Kids Jiu Jitsu No Gi Jiu Jitsu Gi Jiu Jitsu

 ## We offer a full schedule of Jiu Jitsu, submission grappling, kids classes, striking, takedowns, mobility and more that can be adapted to fit your goals and abilities.Click on the tabs to learn more about each class.
 ## Classes at Riverfront Jiu Jitsu

 I'M IN ### Want to try a free class?

 Sparring – Be respectful of your training partners, match their intensity and be careful of other groups on the mat. If you are looking for a training partner, raise your hand to indicate you are free. Do not ask Black Belts to roll, they will choose their training partners. Respect everyones option to say no without explanation.

 Lower belts give way to higher belts – When sparring, if your training interferes with another group, the lower belts will relocate their training.

 No Slamming – If you pick your partner up, you are responsible for getting them back to the mat safely.

 Tap early and tap often – At Riverfront Jiu Jitsu, we do not train with an ego. There is no reason to get hurt, or injure a training partner. Respect the tap and release a submission immediately when your partner physically or verbally taps.

 No coaching from the sidelines – We know it is tempting to help your child out during sparring but instruction from many voices is confusing! Please allow the coaches to instruct your child.

 No talking during instruction – Please be respectful of our instructors time and expertise. Pay attention when the instructor is demonstrating the techniques.

 Keep your gear clean and nails cut – Gi’s are wear once wash once. Please be courteous to your fellow students, maintain clean gym gear and keep nails trimmed.

 If you have a rash or skin infection, please do not come to class – These types of infection are easily transferred and highly contagious. Seek treatment early and return only once the rash or infection is controlled. Please note, ringworm, jock itch and athletes foot are all from the same bacteria and require treatment.

 Gear – Proper gear must be worn to class. Sparring in striking class requires a mouthguard, boxing gloves, shin guards and an athletic cup where applicable.

 Attire – Rash guards must be worn under Gi's. For No Gi classes please make sure your shorts do not have zippers or anything that can damage the mats. A rash guard is preferred. No loose fitting clothing.

 Shoes MUST be worn to the bathroom – Once you leave the mat shoes should be put on immediately. Additionally, shoes must be worn in the shower.

 No shoes on the mat – We do not want to risk transferring any bacteria onto our clean mats. Feel free to keep flip flops or slides at the gym.

 Keep all gym gear on the bleachers – The seating area should be clear of all bags and shoes. Water bottles can be kept at the edge of the mat.

 Sign in – Please check in when you get to class on the BJJ Link app. Attendance plays a part in your progress and belt promotions.

 # Riverfront Jiu Jitsu CLASS RULES

 View all membership options Sign up now ## Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Sign up now ## Womens Membership
 Sign up now ## Unlimited Membership
 # Join with one of our Most Popular memberships

 Send it in ## Question
 ## EMAIL
 ## NAME
 ## Have a Question?

 # THANKS! YOU WILL HEAR FROM US soon.

 JOIN NOW LOCATION Gear Favs Contact Striking Program Kids Program Adult Program Womens Program PHOTOS EVENTS RULES FAQ's Community Private Lessons Memberships Instructors Schedule Programs About Us Home # NAVIGATION

 Website by Elyse Terms & Conditions Policy

 PICTURES Gear Shop Events CONTACT FAQs Schedule Programs About Us Home TRY A FREE CLASS Womens Program Little Otters Kids Program
