---
source_url: http://riverfrontbjj.com
final_url: https://riverfrontbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:00.256Z
---

I'M IN
 ### Want to try a free class?

 Home Programs More Contact About schedule Memberships FAQ's Mat Queens Womens Jiu Jitsu Program Little Otters Kids Jiu Jitsu Program

 Home Programs More Contact About schedule Memberships FAQ's Gear Shop events community

 # a supportive community and classes that will transform your life
 # Jiu Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport based on ground fighting and submission holds. BJJ focuses on the skill of taking an opponent to the ground, controlling them, gaining a dominant position and using a number of techniques to force them into submission via joint locks or choke holds.
 LEARN MORE # WELCOME TO RIVERFRONT JIU JITSU
 512 Justison Street, Wilmington DE 19801 302-743-9532 riverfrontbjj@gmail.com We believe that jiu jitsu can be for everyone regardless of age, physical ability, or experience. Our goal is to provide a safe gym environment that allows you to start or continue your jiu jitsu training surrounded by positive and welcoming team mates. We make jiu jitsu accessible and we place an emphasis on culture and inclusion.

 TRY A FREE CLASS MEMBERSHIPS ## *We do not allow walk ins. If you want to try a free class, drop in or come to open mat you must message or email us first*
 ## *non members must message us before attending an open mat*
 ## 10:00am-11:00am
 ## Beginners NoGI
 ## 9:30am-10:00am
 ## Mobility
 ## 8:30am-9:30am
 ## Womens Class
 ## SATURDAY
 ## 12:00pm-1:00pm
 ## GI JIU JITSU
 ## 6:00am-7:00am
 ## BEGINNER NOGI
 ## FRIDAY
 ## 6:15pm-7:15pm
 ## Skills & Drills
 ## 5:15pm-6:00pm
 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu
 ## 4:30pm-5:15pm
 ## Little Otters Jiu Jitsu (4-8)
 ## 6:00am-7:00am
 ## Practical Application (In the Gi)
 ## THURSDAY
 ## 7:15pm-8:15pm
 ## NoGi Wrestling
 ## 6:00pm-7:15pm
 ## Beginner NOGI
 ## 5:00pm-6:00pm
 ## Womens Class
 ## 12:00pm-1:00pm
 ## GI Jiu jitsu
 ## 6:00am-7:00am
 ## BEGINNER Gi
 ## WEDNESDAY
 ## 6:00pm-7:00pm
 ## Nogi Jiu JItsu
 ## 5:00pm-6:00pm
 ## Gi Jiu Jitsu
 ## 6:00am-7:00am
 ## NOGI Jiu Jitsu
 ## TUESDAY
 ## 6:15pm-7:15pm
 ## Beginner Gi
 ## 5:15pm-6:00pm
 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu
 ## 6:00am-7:00am
 ## BEGINNER NOGI
 ## MONDAY
 ## OPEN MAT
 ## 10:00am-11:30am
 ## SUNDAY
 Text us - 302-743-9532 ## Follow us -
 # Class Schedule
 # Riverfront Jiu Jitsu
 # riverfront Jiu Jitsu
 ## 4:30pm-5:15pm
 ## Little Otters Jiu Jitsu (4-8)

 View all membership options Sign up now ## Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Sign up now ## Womens Membership
 Sign up now ## Unlimited Membership
 # Join with one of our Most Popular memberships

 ### Nick Mancini | RJJ Member
 ## I came here as an experienced competition purple belt and love everything about this school. RJJ teaches inclusive classes that are beneficial for everybody; from the first day white belt to an experienced black belt, everybody benefits.Incredibly grateful to be training with such an awesome group of people.

 ### Brett Pouser | RJJ Member
 ## Riverfront Jiu Jitsu is absolutely amazing!!! Billy and Elyse have created such a welcoming, supportive, and fun environment with excellent instruction and awesome members. I joined as a 32 year old with zero experience and my first day on the mats I realized what a special place it is.If you’ve always wanted to train bjj and you're trying to find the gym for you this is the place!

 ### Kylie Rash | RJJ Member
 ## Riverftont Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most welcoming environments I've ever been in. It can be scary to start anything new, especially a combat sport like Jiu-Jitsu. But, I genuinely feel like a member of the family here. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is even moderately interested in BJJ.

 ### Dan Ganley | RJJ Parent
 ## My kids first start with Billy Shaw at a previous school. In life I have learned that being good at something(he is excellent by the way) doesn’t mean you are necessarily a good teacher. Billy is great at both. He has taught my son confidence and skills he didn’t know that he possessed. We travel from Delaware County, Pa to Delaware for his instruction. He is worth it.

 ### Randal Abrenica| RJJ Member
 ## Highly recommend Riverfront Jiu Jitsu. Billy and Elyse have created such an incredible welcoming environment where it makes it a pleasure to learn and get better everyday. All instructors are very knowledgeable and members are incredible!

 ### Collin Bartol| RJJ Member
 ## Riverfront Jiu Jitsu is a great environment for all jiu jitsu skill levels. Riverfront has exceptional classes taught by knowledgeable and friendly instructors. The group at Riverfront is truly welcoming and makes you want to attend class - I cannot recommend enough!

 ## Riverfront Jiu-Jitsu has excellent instructors and an outstanding atmosphere! From the moment on walking into the mats, I was welcomed by a warm welcome from ALL members! I highly recommend anyone who wants to learn the art of jiu-jitsu! The mentorship from Billy and attention to detail in helping you succeed are exceptional!
 ### Al Grandell | RJJ Member

 ### Teresa Armstrong| RJJ Visitor
 ## I attend a weekend open mat at Riverfront Jiu Jitsu and immediately felt at ease. Everyone was extremely welcoming. Elyse and Billy do an amazing job running their school. If you are ever in the area, and looking for a great place to train, look no further!!!

 ### Chris Williams | RJJ Member
 ## I’ve been doing BJJ for over 10 years, trained everywhere from Philly to Baltimore and everywhere in between. Riverfront embodies what jiu-jitsu is supposed to be on every level and I’ve found a home here. Billy Shaw is a top notch black belt, coach and all around great dude. Wether you’re a competitor or a beginner there is room for you. Come be part of a team on the rise.

 ### MIGAL SHRESTHA | RJJ Visitor
 ## Great place to train! I was just visiting Delaware and needed a place to train at. Billy and everyone there was super friendly and respectful. They are also very law enforcement friendly.Will definitely be coming back here when I’m back in Delaware.

 ### Veronica Garrison | RJJ Parent
 ## I don’t even know where to begin! First and for most the children's program is Absolutely amazing! Billy and Elyse are wonderful with my two children! They are very kind hearted, understanding and make you feel very welcomed and comfortable!! I have noticed since my son has been doing jiu jitsu he is a total different child, he’s more focused, his attitude has changed majorly! If your looking for jiu jitsu for children this is DEFINITELY the place to go!!

 ### Sean Hitchens | RJJ Member
 ## Everyone here is so welcoming and supportive! They have a good mix of fundamental beginner classes, advanced gi/nogi classes, as well as wrestling/judo and striking classes! One of my favorite classes is their Saturday morning mobility class! They also do a lot of work with veterans through the We Defy Foundation and inside their gym! Billy and Elyse Shaw really have something special going on here and I am proud to be a part of this gym!!

 # Check out our reviews

 Send it in ## Question
 ## EMAIL
 ## NAME
 ## Have a Question?

 # THANKS! YOU WILL HEAR FROM US soon.

 JOIN NOW LOCATION Gear Favs Contact Striking Program Kids Program Adult Program Womens Program PHOTOS EVENTS RULES FAQ's Community Private Lessons Memberships Instructors Schedule Programs About Us Home # NAVIGATION

 Website by Elyse Terms & Conditions Policy

 PICTURES Gear Shop Events CONTACT FAQs Schedule Programs About Us Home TRY A FREE CLASS Womens Program Little Otters Kids Program
