---
source_url: http://www.eastonbjj.com/thornton
final_url: https://eastonbjj.com/thornton/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:11.459Z
---

# Easton Training Center Thornton

 ## Brazilian Jiu-JItsu

 ## 13762 Colorado Blvd. #112

 Try a Free Class

 You are in good hands

 Starting anything new can be intimidating, but rest assured our team will help you feel comfortable from day 1.

 What location is best for you? Arvada Boulder Castle Rock Centennial Denver Littleton Longmont Lowry (Jiu Jitsu Programs Only) Thornton (Jiu Jitsu Programs Only)

 What class are you interested in? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Kickboxing + Muay Thai Kids Jiu-Jitsu Kids Kickboxing + Muay Thai MMA

 BOOK MY FREE TRIAL

 By entering your phone number, you consent to receive SMS or MMS messages from Easton Training Center. To opt out of future messages, text STOP at any time. View our privacy policy . Msg. and Data rates apply.

 What Happens After?

 Get a Text
 You will receive a text from our friendly team in Centennial to coordinate a convenient time for you.

 30-Minute Orientation
 You receive a free one-on-one 30-minute orientation for the program of your choice.

 1-Hour Beginner's Class
 Take a 1-hour beginner’s class, and drill the technique with a friendly partner. No live sparring.

 Schedule

 ### Martial Arts Programs at Easton Training Center Thornton

 #### Kid's Martial Arts

 Build confidence, discipline, and bully-proof your kids.

 View Kids Program

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Character development for kids through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 View Kids Jiu Jitsu

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Learn how to defend yourself and move from the ground up.

 View BJJ Program

 ## About Easton Training Center Thornton

 Located conveniently at 136th Ave and Colorado Boulevard near Homestead Hill Park, Easton Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Thornton opened its 2,200-square foot facility in 2015. Operated by black belt Peter Inglis who owns the academy along with Amal Easton and Eliot Marshall, Easton BJJ Thornton offers classes for all ages and skill levels.
 Our coaches and staff are always available to answer any questions you may have and to help our students have the best experience possible. Join us for a free class and see for yourself!

 ## What Classes Can I Take?

 At Easton Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Thornton , we offer jiu jitsu classes seven days a week with a schedule that includes fundamentals, intermediate, kids, and no gi classes. Easton BJJ Thornton’s program focuses on self-defense and sport applications, the combination of which gives students the confidence to handle any situation that may arise – from standing up for themselves in a confrontation to competing against high-level opponents.
 We start our kids’ classes at four years old, and we build the program to give our children a strong foundation of both mental and physical strength to excel in all aspects of their lives. Easton BJJ Thornton kids learn self-control, discipline and respect while having fun with their friends and staying active.
 As with all of our locations, when you have a membership at one of our Easton Training Center academies, you have access to all of the others. Drop by for a visit and try a free class!

 ## Our Thornton Facility

 The Thornton academy features a sprawling 1,700 square feet of uninterrupted mat space and is the perfect place to hone your Jiu Jitsu skills and techniques. The facility is bright and welcoming, with western facing windows that offer fabulous views of the majestic Colorado mountains for those waiting for their loved ones to finish their rounds. Parents and other spectators can watch their students train from the spectator benches that line the mat area. Branded team gear is available seasonally and typically sells out. Don’t wait to get yours! Between classes, the front desk area is staffed by friendly and knowledgeable personnel who are ready to assist with any questions.
 Easton BJJ Thornton takes safety and hygiene seriously. We maintain clean bathrooms and training areas for our students, and we encourage a strong collective effort to keep our training environments sanitary, with everyone doing their part to keep food and shoes off the mats, and keeping ourselves and our gear clean. This way, we ensure that our training partners will be back tomorrow. Contact us for a Free Class today!

 View Schedule

 ## News

 ## Contact

 13762 Colorado Blvd. #112,Thornton, CO 80602
 (720) 285-2148
 eastonbjjnorth@gmail.com

 ## Follow Us:

 Instagram Facebook-f Google

 ## Next location

 ## Lowry

 Next
