---
source_url: http://www.limitlessbjj.com
final_url: https://limitlessbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:13.153Z
---

# Limitless Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, MMA & Fitness Academy

 ## Cincinnati MMA, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) & Muay Thai Training

 Learn More About Us

 Sign-Up for a Free Class

 ### Cincinnati Brazilian Jiu Jitsu MMA and Muay Thai Academy

 Z
 #### Check out our Academy’s history & lineage.

 Z
 #### Hear from some of our 230+ 5-star google reviews.

 Z
 #### Check out a brief video from when WKRC Local-12 visited.

 Z
 #### Learn the deeper philosophy behind Limitless BJJ & Fitness.

 Learn More

 ### Your First Class Is Free!Get Started Here

 Z
 #### Sign-up to try your first class for free.

 Z
 #### You can try both one BJJ class and one Muay Thai class.

 Z
 #### Classes are beginner friendly. Anyone is welcome.

 Z
 #### No special equipment required. Just come ready to train!

 Get Started

 ### Welcome to Limitless BJJ: How Can We Help You Today?

 Learn More About Us

 Sign-Up for a Free Class

 ## Our Programs

 #### Cincinnati Brazilian Jiu-Jitu At Limitless BJJ, our Cincinnati Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) classes all follow a similar structure in layout.

 #### Cincinnati Muay Thai Kickboxing Every Cincinnati Muay Thai class at Limitless BJJ runs for 1 hour of a fast-paced, focused workout.

 #### No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitu The No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class follows the exact same format as the regular BJJ class taught in the Gi.
 For those unfamiliar with No-Gi, it is …

 #### Cincinnati Wrestling Training Wrestling is a combat sport involving grappling type techniques such as clinch fighting, throws and takedowns, joint locks, pins and other grappling holds.

 #### Self-Defense Self-Defense is one of the major priorities at Limitless BJJ. While the sport and competitive nature of our disciplines is exciting and enjoyable, self-defense is our priority.

 #### Cincinnati Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes That’s because these kid-focused classes, with students’ ages ranging from 5 – 12, are the perfect mix of exercise, learning, and play.

 View All Programs

 ## Check Out What Some of OurStudents Are Saying:

 Leave Us A Review

 ## Gym Classes

 Are you looking for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , MMA or Muay Thai in Cincinnati?
 At Limitless BJJ & Fitness, we have:

 Z
 The best Cincinnati Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, taught by World-Class Black Belt Instructors.

 Z
 The best Cincinnati Muay Thai & MMA classes, taught by former Pro & Amateur MMA & Muay Thai Kickboxers.

 Z
 Over 40+ Weekly Classes & Open Mats, every single week.

 Z
 A professionally outfitted 10,000ft2 training facility in convenient Walnut Hills location.

 Your first class is free.
 Sign-up online and plan your visit to the gym by clicking below.

 Sign-Up for a Free Intro Class

 ## Want To See What It’s Like Inside?

 ## Check Out This 1:26 Min Video From Our Grand Opening:

 We’ve got plenty of parking too, so come and check us out with a Free Intro Class by signing up online!

 ## Gym Classes

 #### Our Academy - Check out our Academy’s history & lineage. - Hear from some of our 230+ 5-star Google reviews. - Check out a brief video from when WKRC Local-12 visited. - Learn the deeper philosophy behind Limitless BJJ & Fitness.

 Learn More

 #### Instructors - Get to know the Limitless BJJ Team. - Read the Bio & Background of Head Instructor, Robby Malof. - Learn more about our Muay Thai instructor’s pro fight history. - Meet the Instructors of our Beginners BJJ & Kids Classes too!

 Learn More

 #### Virtual Tour - Take a look at dozens of high-res photos of our Gym. - Feel like you’re actually in our 10,000 ft2 facilities. - Get directions to our conveniently located Gym in Walnut Hills, Cincinnati.

 Learn More

 #### Try It Free - Want to see if Limitless BJJ & Fitness is the right gym for you? - Ready to try out Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and / or Muay Thai? - Sign-up for your Free Intro Class online here, and we’ll see you at the Gym!

 Sign-Up for a Free

 ### Ready to Get Started?

 ## Try Out a Free Intro Class!

 Sign-Up for a Free Intro Class
