---
source_url: http://www.novusacademy.no
final_url: https://www.novusacademy.no/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:07:15.999Z
---

Skip to main content Hit enter to search or ESC to close Search

 Close Search

 # KAMPSPORT På Novus Academy kan du trene de mest effektive kampartene sammen med våre dyktige instruktører

 ## NYHETER Nyheter

 Turneringer BJJ 2026 ### Turneringer BJJ 2026

 Barnetreninger utgår i uke 8 ### Barnetreninger utgår i uke 8

 Oppdatert timeplan – viktige endringer ### Oppdatert timeplan – viktige endringer

 Møt våre nye instruktører i Muay Thai ### Møt våre nye instruktører i Muay Thai

 Barnetreninger utgår i uke 40 ### Barnetreninger utgår i uke 40

 ## Brasiliansk jiu-jitsu

 ## Mixed martial art

 ## Muay thai

 ## Submisson wrestling

 ## Barn og undgom

 ## Boksing

 Close Menu
 - facebook - instagram - tiktok

 www.novusacademy.no benytter informasjonskapsler (cookies). Les mer her. Ok

 Manage consent
 Lukk #### Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary Necessary
 Alltid slått på
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Infokapsel | Varighet | Beskrivelse cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional | 11 months | The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance | 11 months | This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy | 11 months | The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.

 Functional Functional

 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

 Performance Performance

 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

 Analytics Analytics

 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

 Advertisement Advertisement

 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

 Others Others

 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.

 LAGRE OG GODKJENN

 Bestill gratis prøveuke

 Velg kampsport *
 Brasiliansk Jiu-Jitsu Mixed Martial Arts Submission Wrestling Thaiboksing Barnepartier Andre henvendelser
 Avdeling *
 Lillestrøm Lørenskog
 Navn *
 Telefon *
 E-post *
 Beskjed

 Lukk
