---
source_url: http://www.spartanburgjiujitsu.com/
final_url: https://www.spartanburgjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:57.041Z
---

# Mission Statement At Spartanburg Jiujitsu our goal is to build a good community where everyone can have fun, train, grow, make friends, and be a part of jiujitsu.

 Previous Next

 # Schedule
 **$25 Open Mat fee for non-members
 **Kids BJJ - Ages 5 and Up

 Time | Monday | Tuesday | Wednesday | Thursday | Friday | Saturday | Sunday 06:00 AM | Morning Class Uniform: NO-GI | Morning Class Uniform: GI | Morning Class Uniform: GI | Morning Class Uniform: NO-GI | Morning Class Uniform: GI 07:00 AM | | | | | | Competition Training Uniform: GI | 09:00 AM | | | | | | Kids BJJ Uniform: GI | Yoga 10:00 AM | | KIDS CLASS Uniform: GI | | KIDS CLASS Uniform: NO-GI | | Women's Class Uniform: GI | 11:00 AM | | DRILLING | | DRILLING | | Fundamentals Class Uniform: GI | 12:00 PM | | Noon Class Uniform: GI | | Noon Class Uniform: NO-GI | | OPEN MAT Uniform: GI | Masters Class Uniform: GI 2:00 PM | | | | | | | OPEN MAT Uniform: NO-GI 5-5:30 PM | KIDS CLASS Uniform: NO-GI | BABY BJJ Uniform: GI | KIDS CLASS Uniform: NO-GI | BABY BJJ Uniform: GI 5:30 - 6:30 PM | | KIDS BJJ Uniform: GI | | KIDS BJJ Uniform: GI 06:00 PM | Advanced Kids BJJ (Invite Only) Uniform: GI | | Advanced Kids BJJ (Invite Only) Uniform: GI | | 07:00 PM | Night Class Uniform: NO-GI | Night Class Uniform: GI | Night Class Uniform: GI | Night Class Uniform: NO-GI | Open Mat Uniform: GI

 **Classes are subject to change depending on tournament / BJJ travel schedule.

 # Instructors
 Brandon has been studying martial arts for 23 years. He started with karate at the age of four and eventually found jiujitsu at the age of 11. Born and raised in Spartanburg, he has dedicated his life to jiujitsu and his students.

 He spends his time at the gym and training with his teammate and coach, Rafael Rosendo dos Santos, from Alliance Greenville. Since the gym has been open over the past six years, it has been Brandon's mission to share his passion for jiujitsu and to help others achieve their goals. Recently promoted to black belt, Brandon aspires to achieve IBJJF gold in the black belt division.
