---
source_url: http://www.guardianbaltimore.org/classes
final_url: https://www.guardianbaltimore.org/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:41.675Z
---

## Our Class Offerings

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu – or BJJ – is a grappling based martial art that focuses on ground fighting and submissions. The majority of training in BJJ takes place on the ground, teaching the participant:
 - How to intelligently defend themselves while lying on their back (where they are often the most vulnerable) - ​​How to use leverage and technique to overcome disadvantages in size and strength - How to apply submission holds that will help end a fight

 ### Benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Self-defense
 - Increased flexibility - Improved fitness, strength and general physical conditioning - Stress release and improved concentration - Increased self-confidence​
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a fun, safe and practical martial art that offers a full body workout while teaching highly effective self-defense skills that are applicable in a variety of real world situations. It is practiced in either the traditional martial arts kimono (“gi Jiu Jitsu”) or in shorts and a t-shirt (“no-gi Jiu Jitsu”)

 ### What to Wear/Bring for Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Class - For "ADULT BJJ" Class - Please bring a Gi & your belt (required).​Activewear is acceptable for the first class (if you do not have a Gi) - For "ADULT NO GI BJJ" Class - Please bring a Rashguard, Shorts or Leggings. - Gi's are available to purchase (brand new or great condition) - Bring a water bottle or re-usable bottle & towel. Water bottles are available to purchase. - Bring flip flops/sandals (required) - Cubbies are available for personal items​

 ### Yoga Yoga - is a systematic practice of physical exercise , breath control, relaxation, positive thinking and meditation aimed at developing harmony in the body, mind and environment. The practice entails low-impact physical activity, postures (called asanas ), breathing techniques ( pranayama ), relaxation and meditation. ​

 ### Benefits of Yoga Physical Benefits
 - increased flexibility - increased muscle strength and tone - improved respiration, energy and vitality - can help maintain a balanced metabolism - can improve cardio and circulatory health - improved athletic performance

 Mental Benefits
 - improves mental clarity and calmness - increases body awareness - relieves chronic stress patterns; - relaxes the mind; centers attention; and sharpens concentration

 ### Yoga at Guardian Baltimore Mysore Ashtanga through Baltimore Yoga Studies (BYS)
 The format for Mysore-style Ashtanga yoga is self-practice in a group setting.
 If you are new to Baltimore Yoga Studies , you will be taught a few yoga postures at a time in a set order to commit to memory. Depending on how quickly you memorize (and how many poses you would like to practice), Justin and Heather will add more poses to your practice.
 ​ Learning yoga this way provides an opportunity for your practice to grow in a way that feels sustainable and empowering. ​
