---
source_url: http://shimeru.com/page/teen-adult-jiu-jitsu-class
final_url: https://www.shimeru.com/page/teen-adult-jiu-jitsu-class
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.181Z
---

# Teen & Adult Jiu Jitsu TEEN & ADULT JIU JITSU CLASS
 Shimeru jiu jitsu offers five evening classes per week, Monday through Friday, for teens and adults. We are proud affiliates of the Carlson Gracie jiu jitsu lineage, and offer both gi and nogi instruction. Head instructor Patrick Dooley earned his black belt under Professor Orlando Alonso, and received the rank directly from Carlson Gracie Jr.
 Our jiu jitsu classes emphasize a control-based approach and have strong instruction in standing techniques for a comprehensive grappling education.
 ### Program Curriculum & Goals - Focus on fundamental techniques and principles - Concepts for understanding jiu jitsu situations and body mechanics - Standing techniques that incorporate wrestling and judo modified for jiu jitsu - Advanced, modern jiu jitsu techniques - Situational and free sparring - Self-defense and de-escalation tactics
 ### Teen & Adult Jiu Jitsu Program Details - Monday through Friday, 6pm - 7:15pm + Monday, Wednesday and Friday, 9am - 10:15am - Ages 13 and up (with some exceptions for advanced or big kids) - Uniform: jiu jitsu gi - Nogi Uniform: shorts or gi pants + shirt or rashguard
 ### Rules for Training - Practice good hygiene: wear a clean uniform, have clean feet and trimmed nails - Keep long hair up and off your shoulders - No temporary hair dyes, and no makeup - Do not wear jewelry of any kind - Bow whenever entering or exiting the mat, and no shoes on the mat, ever - Always wear shoes off the mat, especially in the restroom - If arriving late, always present yourself and bow to the main instructor first, then any other coaches and/or black belts

 Interested in Shimeru? # Interested in Shimeru? We'd love to welcome you onto the mats! If you have any questions before booking your Free Trial Week , feel free to shoot us a message. Here on the site you can find program information , our full schedule , and all membership options .
 Send us any other inquiries you have and we'll get in touch soon!
 - The Shimeru Team
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment Get in touch
 Thanks for reaching out! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.
 - The Shimeru Team

 - Phone (951) 400-5456 - Address 17600 Collier Ave, Suite A-111 Lake Elsinore, CA 92530 - Email info@shimeru.com Contact Us
 Shimeru Judo & Jiu Jitsu Club is located at The Outlets at Lake Elsinore, in unit A-111. We're the last unit at the south end of the center, directly adjacent to the parking lot for convenient, every day access.

 - © Shimeru Judo & Jiu Jitsu Club - - Powered by Gymdesk
