---
source_url: http://shimeru.com
final_url: https://www.shimeru.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:03.718Z
---

# Jiu Jitsu and Judo in Lake Elsinore Shimeru Judo & Jiu Jitsu Club is the best place for kids and adults to learn martial arts in Lake Elsinore. We offer daily jiu jitsu and judo classes for beginners through advanced students, taught on world-class Dollamur tatami mats with a spring subfloor to ensure a safe training experience.
 Judo and jiu jitsu are excellent for helping develop self-confidence and discipline. At Shimeru Judo & Jiu Jitsu Club we promote self-defense and anti-bullying, helping kids understand how to neutralize danger without causing unnecessary harm, when walking away is not an option.

 ## Carlson Gracie Jiu Jitsu Team - Lake Elsinore Shimeru is a proud affiliate of Carlson Gracie Jiu Jitsu Team, a worldwide organization with members in all corners of the globe. Carlson Sr. was a lifelong fighter happy to take on all comers and display the superiority of his grappling. He is credited with breaking jiu jitsu out of its one-on-one training format, bringing the sport to the masses and accelerating its adoption as a dominant martial art. Shimeru owner and head instructor Patrick Dooley received his black belt from Carlson Gracie Jr., under the teaching of Professor Orlando Alonso. We're honored to play a small role in forwarding the legacy of the Carlson Gracie Jiu Jitsu Team.
 ## A Judo Family Judo has been in the Dooley family for more than 60 years, beginning with the family patriarch, Jerry Dooley. He shared his love of the sport with his four children, who in turn shared it with theirs. Shimeru coach Patrick Dooley is a third-generation judoka who began practicing at age nine when his father, Brian, introduced him. Now Patrick's son William has earned his yellow belt, solidifying the fourth generation of Dooley judokas.
 If you're considering martial arts in Lake Elsinore for kids or adults, please book a free trial and see all Shimeru has to offer.

 Interested in Shimeru? # Interested in Shimeru? We'd love to welcome you onto the mats! If you have any questions before booking your Free Trial Week , feel free to shoot us a message. Here on the site you can find program information , our full schedule , and all membership options .
 Send us any other inquiries you have and we'll get in touch soon!
 - The Shimeru Team
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment Get in touch
 Thanks for reaching out! We'll get back to you as soon as we can.
 - The Shimeru Team

 - Phone (951) 400-5456 - Address 17600 Collier Ave, Suite A-111 Lake Elsinore, CA 92530 - Email info@shimeru.com Contact Us
 Shimeru Judo & Jiu Jitsu Club is located at The Outlets at Lake Elsinore, in unit A-111. We're the last unit at the south end of the center, directly adjacent to the parking lot for convenient, every day access.

 - © Shimeru Judo & Jiu Jitsu Club - - Powered by Gymdesk
