---
source_url: http://lirajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://lirajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:15.471Z
---

# Lira Jiu Jitsu #### Sign Up for 3-Class Free Trial
 Pause Video

 ##### Don't Wait: Register Today! ×

 #### Welcome To ## LIRA JIU JITSU
 Welcome to Lira Jiu Jitsu! Our mission is to teach, guide, and empower practitioners and athletes by providing a comprehensive understanding of jiu jitsu and grappling. From mastering the fundamentals to exploring cutting-edge modern techniques, we are committed to building well-rounded skills in every student. Whether you’re here to start a new hobby, improve your fitness, learn self-defense, or pursue the ultimate goal of a World Title, we are confident that the tools, techniques, and passion we offer at Lira Jiu Jitsu will help you achieve your goals.

 ## 3-Class Free Trial Miami residents, this is your chance to explore our classes and experience the power of our training programs firsthand. Start your journey today—your first 3 classes are on us!

 Learn More
 ##### ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us

 ##
 #### About Us: Welcome to Lira Jiu Jitsu, the ultimate destination for Jiu Jitsu in Miami. Led by World Champion instructors, we offer a unique approach to training by blending old-school techniques with modern strategies, incorporating both gi and no-gi styles. Whether you’re a beginner or a seasoned competitor, our classes cover everything from fundamentals to advanced techniques and competition-focused training.
 No matter your reason for joining, our mission is the same: to help you build a personalized, well-rounded Jiu Jitsu game while falling in love with the journey. Jiu Jitsu is a lifelong path, and we’re excited to take that first step—or continue it—alongside you.
 #### Our History: Lira Jiu Jitsu is the vision of owners Luccas and Maggie Lira, both world champion Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belts with over 20 years of combined martial arts experience. This dynamic husband and wife duo created Lira Jiu Jitsu to be a space where athletes of all levels can evolve, grow, and thrive in a community driven by passion and dedication.
 After opening their strength and conditioning gym, ChampionFit, in 2023, they quickly introduced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to the space. What began as a small addition soon grew into what is now Lira Jiu Jitsu, a place where students can experience top-quality training and be part of a supportive, like-minded community. Maggie and Luccas are dedicated to making Lira Jiu Jitsu a place of continual growth for everyone who walks through the door.

 ## Class Schedule Stay up to date on class times. Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 Download Schedule

 #### Meet The ## Lira Jiu Jitsu Team
 ##### AT Lira Jiu Jitsu, OUR TEAM OF INSTRUCTORS IS THE HEART OF OUR program, BRINGING UNPARALLELED EXPERTISE AND PASSION TO EVERY SESSION.

 ### Maggie Grindatti Lira ##### Owner & Professor ###### Maggie has been immersed in the world of Jiu Jitsu for over 10 years. A former Division 1 student-athlete with a degree in Health, Exercise, and Sports Sciences, she brings a deep understanding of both athletic performance and Jiu Jitsu. As a 7- time Jiu Jitsu World Champion and 1st-degree black belt, Maggie’s experience and expertise are unmatched. She has had the privilege of training numerous Jiu Jitsu and martial arts champions, including UFC legend Amanda Nunes, as well as athletes from a variety of other sports. Maggie is passionate about helping her students reach their highest potential, both on and off the mat
 ### Luccas Lira ##### Co-Owner & Head Coach ###### Luccas has been dedicated to Jiu Jitsu for nearly 10 years, earning world titles in both Gi and No-Gi. As a professional athlete, he has competed on the international stage, including representing a local team in Abu Dhabi. After returning to Miami to advance his career, Luccas founded his own program to help athletes of all levels— whether aspiring champions or passionate hobbyists—experience Jiu Jitsu in a fresh, modern way. His commitment to excellence and innovation drives his mission to guide others in reaching their full potential on the mat.

 ## 3-Class Free Trial Miami residents, this is your chance to explore our classes and experience the power of our training programs firsthand. Start your journey today—your first 3 classes are on us!

 Learn More
 ##### ×

 #### Learn More About ## OurPrograms

 ##
 #### Jiu Jitsu Program: Our Jiu Jitsu program is designed for both kids and adults, providing the opportunity to
 develop key skills in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and grappling. With a focus on competition training and
 all-levels instruction, we cater to everyone—from beginners to advanced practitioners. Our
 classes emphasize a deep understanding of techniques and strategies, helping you grow and
 excel on the mat. That’s why we proudly offer a variety of BJJ classes tailored to meet your
 goals and skill level.
 #### Kids Jiu Jitsu Program: Our kids’ program is designed for all levels—whether your child is stepping on the mats for the very first time or already dreaming of becoming a champion. Jiu-Jitsu helps children build confidence, focus, discipline, and resilience while staying active in a fun, structured environment. Parents love seeing their kids develop respect, responsibility, and problem-solving skills that carry over into school and everyday life.
 For kids with bigger goals, we also provide the training and guidance to nurture their competitive spirit—helping them chase the dream of becoming champions on the mats and, one day, adult world champions. No matter their starting point, every class helps your child grow stronger, more confident, and more prepared for the future.
 #### Competition Training: Our Competition Jiu Jitsu Training class is designed to sharpen your skills and elevate your
 performance on the mat. You’ll focus on mastering the attacks, defenses, and strategies that
 are essential for success in Jiu Jitsu and grappling matches. This class provides you with the
 tools, techniques, and mindset needed to thrive in competition, preparing you for any
 challenge you face. Whether you’re aiming for your first tournament or looking to take your
 game to the next level, this class will push you to reach your full potential and dominate in
 competition.
 #### All-Levels Training: Our All-Levels Jiu Jitsu class is designed to meet you where you are, whether you’re just
 starting out or have years of experience. Jiu Jitsu is constantly evolving, and we believe in
 teaching it from the ground up, covering everything from the basics to the most advanced
 techniques. In this class, you’ll build a strong foundation and develop a well-rounded game,
 understanding not only the goals of the art but also the key concepts and strategies that will
 get you there efficiently. It’s the perfect environment to grow at your own pace while constantly
 progressing on your Jiu Jitsu journey.
 #### Fundamentals: Fundamentals is our beginner course designed to introduce you to the essentials of Jiu Jitsu.
 In this class, you’ll learn the core techniques and concepts that will set you up for success on
 your Jiu Jitsu journey. You’ll gain the skills to escape tough positions and master the
 fundamental sweeps, takedowns, guard passes, and submissions. This course focuses on
 building a strong foundation, ensuring a smoother and faster progression as you advance in
 your training. Perfect for anyone starting out, it’s the ideal way to build the confidence and
 skills needed to take your Jiu Jitsu to the next level.
 #### ADVANCED: Our Advanced Jiu Jitsu class dives deep into the details of high-level techniques, blending
 modern innovations with traditional methods. This class focuses on understanding when and
 how to execute techniques for maximum effectiveness. You’ll learn to apply Jiu Jitsu and
 grappling techniques with precision, knowing exactly when to use them and how to seamlessly
 transition between moves. With a focus on efficiency and fluidity, this class will help you
 develop the ability to connect techniques effortlessly, giving you a strategic edge in every roll.
 Perfect for those looking to take their game to the highest level.

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It

 The best gym, workout, coaches and community in Miami. There really isn’t another place like it.

 Laura K.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 I have been a member since the first day they opened. The coaches are great and everyday we get different exercises.

 Carolina O.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Great workout, Great people, I am seeing results. Clean gym.

 Shanté K.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 One of the things I love the most is that every session brings a fresh set of exercises, keeping the workouts exciting and challenging.

 Eva C.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 Most importantly of all, the culture is amazing. The coaches genuinely care about investing in each student!

 Clay M.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 ### Contact Us Today! Ready to start Jiu Jitsu but not sure where to begin? Don’t worry—Lira Jiu Jitsu is here to guide you. We offer a variety of Jiu Jitsu classes for all levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. Whether you’re looking to learn self-defense, improve your skills, or compete, our expert instructors will help you grow. We invite individuals from Coral Gables, Doral, Hialeah, and beyond to join us in downtown Miami and experience the power of Jiu Jitsu.

 (786) 201-1912
 info@lirajiujitsu.com
 2076 Northwest, 21st Street, Miami, FL, 33142
 Get Directions

 ### Lira Jiu Jitsu 2076 Northwest, 21st Street, Miami, FL, 33142
 Get Directions
