---
source_url: http://vbfighthouse.com
final_url: https://www.vbfighthouse.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:32.246Z
---

## WE OFFER, WRESTLING, JIU JITSU, BOXING, KICKBOXING, STRENGTH TRAINING, SELF DEFENSE CLASSES, MMA, and 24/7. WE GIVE YOU THE DETAILED AND ONE ON ONE ATTENTION THAT YOU DESERVE EVERY CLASS. BOOK CLASSES NOW!

 ## PERSONAL TRAINING
 BOOK PERSONAL TRAINING

 ## FH SCHEDULE
 ## SEE OUR GENERAL CLASSES AND SCHEDULE OUR SCHEDULE

 ## CLIENT TESTIMONIAL
 ## SOME POSITIVE FEEDBACK THAT ENCOURAGE US. If I could give more than 5 stars I would. This place is way more than a gym. It’s a family genuinely. The coaches are all elite and knowledgeable. The way they push everyone to be better is indescribable. Some gyms only make you feel better, here you gain insight and confidence. All levels are welcomed and there’s no ego here just hard work. So if you want to just be healthy or be a pro this is the gym for you. From youth to adults this place has the same effect on everyone that I’ve seen stop by. Don't take my word for it, see you there!
 Josh Boone
 My daughter has been part of this gym for almost a year, and I can honestly say they have become a second family to us! Coach Mikey, Corey, Paul, and David have all played a pivotal part in Mia’s success. If you want your child to tap into their full potential, then this is the gym for you.
 Jamie Williams
 Great gym! Great Owner! The best coaching staff that I have ever seen. The owner and his staff really care about every single athlete that trains at this gym. Every single aspect of VB Fighthouse is a five star level!
 Brandon Urick
 Been with the gym for a year and some change and without a doubt it is one of the best gyms in the 757 area. The coaches here are nothing but spectacular. I have no other words I can this describe this place, all I can say is you got to come here if you want to experience greatness. I’m excited for the future years ahead for this gym. Thanks for having me!
 omico Hernandez
 I originally planned on only sticking around for a couple months just to learn the basics. Almost 4 years later, and I am still at Fighthouse. Mikey has always held me to a higher standard then I’d hold my self. He has been patient and diligent, in making sure I achieve what I’m capable of. I started to take myself more serious, and because my coach believed in me, I believed in myself. You couldn’t find a better coach. Fight house has become more like home and I wouldn’t have it any other way.
 Rachel fiskus
 I had an amazing experience! Not just the best place to learn to fight but also the best place to make friends! 5/5 stars! Would recommend!
 Wunders
 One of best gyms in the 757 for sure! Has a great encouraging environment full of guys and girls that want to see each other get better. Come join the fam!
 Eric barnett
 Joining VB Fighthouse is the best decision I’ve made since moving to Virginia Beach. The coaches are the most knowledgeable I’ve ever seen and there is no egos to be had. Starting at a new gym can be incredibly intimidating, but everyone was so welcoming that you immediately feel like family. If you want to learn how to fight from the best, or even just get into the best shape of your life, there’s something for everyone here. VB Fighthouse will push you to be the best version of yourself
 Brandon Webb
 Amazing community, great lessons, phenomenal coach. The atmosphere is amazing and they are extremely welcoming. Join! You will not regret it
 Ben Kenobi
 The coaches here have a very wide and extensive combat sports background and would recommend anyone in the area to come and check out the gym
 Nikolas Catalon
 VB fighthouse is the best gym for all your martial art needs. It has a great friendly atmosphere. The gym is also very clean at any time of the day. Coach Mike is an EXCELLENT teacher!! His boxing, kickboxing, and wrestling is second to none. If your looking for a gym to sharpen up your skills or learn any form of martial arts, this is the best gym to take you to the next level!!
 Kareem C
 Fighthouse is awesome. My son has been boxing and wrestling with coach Mikey for several months now. The attention to detail is second to none. The whole coaching staff is amazing and gives each individual the one on one they need! He has made huge improvements technically, physically, and mentally! This facility is top notch and set up for what ever type of combat training you need.If your serious about wrestling or boxing VB fighthouse is the place to be!
 Chris Wells
 I’ve had memberships at a few gyms prior to this, but I’ve never had this. I emphasize this isn’t just a “class” you’re taking, it’s more of a club. Every coach here is willing to give you extra help if you’re willing to put in the work. After a month you get 24/7 access to the fighthouse, unlike other gyms where your time to get in work is limited to the time of your class. Every member is in the “Band” app, so when we go there in between classes we just coordinate with each other to get some more practice. Pretty frequently we will go to a park like Mount Trashmore and get some group work in as well on the weekends.The coaches are extremely supportive, and anything but pretentious. No matter what level I’ve always seen Coach Mikey post videos of members getting extra practice in, so don’t worry about your skill level, they don’t care how good you are coming in, they just care that you’re willing to work.
 Ty Develle
 Vbfighthouse is awesome! My son has been totally changed since he practiced here from December, 2020. He loves vbfighthouse! My daughter wants to practice here, too. Can't wait to grow! By the way, we had lots of fun yesterday afternoon at the beach. My favorite part is that whole team did 60 sit-ups! So much fun! Thank you Mikey!
 Rosie Cannon
 I’ve been a VB Fight House member for about three months and regularly attend the jiu jitsu classes. I started with no experience, but quickly lost 15-lbs, transformed into the best shape of my life, and improved in jiu jitsu to a point where I was comfortable competing (and placing) in a local tournament. Classes typically consist of a warmup, technique drilling (with a partner), and sparring. The instructor is exceptional. He is a black belt that has trained and competed in jiu jitsu for over 10-years. He is engaged in each class, motivates and encourages his students to be their best selves, and carefully selects each drill to improve observed weaknesses of the class. The best feature of gym is the camaraderie and friendships made while training with the other students. I am very grateful to be part of the VB Fight House team!
 Steven Poe
 My son has been going there for years. My son is on the Spectrum and Coach Mikey has done so much for him. Before VB Fighthouse my son stayed in his room, wasnt very social, and got bullied. Now after many years with Coach Mikey he is talkative, he has many friends, and doesn't get bullied anymore...I owe so much to VB Fighthouse. Thank you!
 Christina Lohman
 Found my new boxing home. Great coaching and everyone wants to learn, work, and bring everyone up, Real team family feeling.
 Malcolm Lyles
 I love my classes at VB Fighthouse! Coach Mikey is great, I take the ladies class and have done several one on one sessions with him. He is tough, but not to hard on you. I would highly recommend.
 Tammy Susko
 VB FightHouse is a top notch facility, ran by a top staff. Head Coach Mikey Holcomb has a wealth of knowledge in various combat sports. You can’t go wrong with training at the Fight House.
 shannon brown
 VB fighthouse has challenged me mentally and physically. Coach Mikey and everyone that attends the gym as put a lot of effort into helping me become better than I thought possible. If you want to learn how to fight rather it be for self defense, competition, or a combination of both. Look no further.
 Mc Hmer
 This gym thrives with motivation, its upbeat and everyone is pleasant to work with! If you want to improve your knowledge or skill set, this is the gym to join! Comes highly recommended in my book!
 Alexis Rogers
 My son has grown both on and off the mat tremendously through the coaching and mentorship of coach Mike. If you are looking for a new gym for you or your littles this is the place to be.
 Isabel J
 Great gym & everyone is super helpful. Makes you feel apart of something bigger than yourself. Highly recommend if you’re looking to get in shape or lose weight!
 Dakota Timm
 Vb fighthouse is not just a gym it’s a family. I love it
 Edher Fajardo
 Mikey and his team are amazing!
 Megan Connor
 Coach Mikey and his team are top notch in every way they go out of their way to have a relationship with their students and their parents and truly care about their physical and mental development. These guys are the coaches I wish I had when I was younger. I couldn’t be any happier with the way things are going here
 Jonathan Hux
 Great place! Very welcoming very friendly. Great training.
 Mr. Heel Hook

 ## VBFIGHTHOUSE SPONSORS

 ## GET A FREE QUOTATION TODAY!
 ## CONTACT US NOW!
 #### Call Us +1 757-729-0922 CALL US NOW

 Copyright © 2026 Website Development by eBridge Technologies
