---
source_url: http://www.zanshindojonashville.com
final_url: https://www.zanshindojonashville.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:56.097Z
---

#### Zanshin Dojo
 Wado-Ryu Karate, Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, self-defense and MMA

 Back To Top

 INQUIRE NOW
 ## WHY ZANSHIN DOJO?
 Zanshin has been a trusted, respected martial arts school in Tennessee for over thirty years. In 1994, we became Nashville’s first Gracie “Brazilian” Jiu-Jitsu school under the legendary Rickson Gracie. Our Wado-Ryu Karate school is sanctioned by the US Eastern, Brazilian, and Japanese Wado-Ryu Karate federations, under Kazutaka Otsuka.

 We provide the highest quality instruction in street self-defense and sports competition and were awarded the Best Of Music City award by The Tennennessen in 2021 & 2022. Although competition is not required, some of our students have won national and world titles. Classes are open to men, women and children. No experience is necessary and visitors are always welcome.

 New Instructional from Eric Silver: Fundamentals: Half Guard Lockdown and Follow Up available at BJJ FANATICS!
 ​

 Meet John Shockley, our newest student and a huge inspiration to us all at Zanshin Dojo

 ##### No restrictive contracts.
 ##### Located in midtown Nashville (walking distance from Vanderbilt).
 ##### Training area cleaned after every class.
 ##### Parking and showers onsite.
 ##### Bilingual instructors.
 ##### Family Discounts

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 VIEW
 Discover our schedule of classes of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu, Wado-Ryu Karate, Self-Defense, & MMA.

 MONTHLY PLANS
 & PRIVATE LESSONS

 VIEW
 Contact us today to discuss all pricing options so that we can find the best fit for you.

 INSTRUCTOR

 VIEW
 Meet our classroom instructor and founder.

 Fears you don’t face persist. Those you do desist.

 - Eric SIlver

 ##### 5.0

 Read all of our 5-star reviews here.

 ## 'Mr. Silver is a walking textbook of martial arts knowledge. He has been enormously helpful in developing my jiu-jitsu and self defense skills. The rest of the students are also incredibly helpful and respectful. It is a welcoming environment that makes everyone like family.'
 - Tyler Scanlon -

 #### HAVE QUESTIONS?
 Want to know about our class schedule, curriculum, best training age, the difference between Gracie and Brazilian jiu-jitsu, the benefits of taking karate and jiu-jitsu classes and more? Find the answers to many of your questions on our FAQ page or contact us today.

 FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

 ## OUR FOUNDER
 Eric Silver, head instructor of Zanshin Dojo, started martial arts training in 1971 and has studied in the U.S., Brazil, Japan, and Europe. He regularly teaches at our home school in Nashville as well as in São Paulo, Brazil. He holds a seventh-degree black belt in Wado-Ryu Karate and a fourth-degree black belt in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu. He is one of eight North Americans awarded their black belts directly from Rickson Gracie.
 In 2022, he was awarded a certificate of “Renshi Shihan” (master) by the Japanese Wado-Ryu Karate Federation. He regularly trains with UFC champion Demian Maia and his team in Brazil. Over the years he also studied with jiu-jitsu champions Marcelo Garcia, Royler Gracie, Fabio Gurgel, and Saulo Ribeiro.

 MEET OUR OTHER INSTRUCTORS

 Founder

 ## OUR CLASSES
 Classes are open to adults and children with or without previous experience. Our karate curriculum is based on guidelines of the Japanese Wado-Ryu Karate-Do Renmei and by Rickson Gracie for our jiu-jitsu program. We carry uniforms for karate and jiu-jitsu as well as rash-guards which may be purchased at the school or online.

 ### Jiu-Jitsu
 Gracie, or “Brazilian" Jiu-Jitsu is a submission-based martial art which evolved from traditional Japanese jiu-jitsu. It was modernized by Helio and Carlos Gracie in the early 1920’s. It focuses on taking an opponent to the ground and gaining a dominant position while neutralizing the adversary’s ability to strike or escape until a submission can be performed via a joint lock or choke.

 INQUIRE NOW

 ### Self-Defense
 We teach Rickson Gracie’s self-defense method, originally taught to him by his father, Master Helio Gracie. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu is considered to be one of the most practical and effective self-defense systems ever developed. It is now taught in many police departments and military hand-to-hand combat curriculums. This class requires no special uniform. Regular workout clothes can be worn.

 INQUIRE NOW

 ### Wado-Ryu Karate
 Wado-Ryu Karate was founded by Hironori Otsuka in the 1930s, combining techniques from Shinto Yoshin Ryu Jiu-Jitsu and Shotokan karate. In 1958, Cecil Patterson who had trained with Otsuka Sensei in Japan, started one of the first American karate clubs in his hometown of Sevierville, Tennessee. He later moved to Nashville and founded the U.S. Eastern Wado-Ryu Karate Federation.

 INQUIRE NOW

 ## First Lesson Free
 CALL TODAY

 1-615-485-2143

 ## YOUR JOURNEY BEGINS HERE
 LOCATION 1917 Church Street | Entrance in Back | Nashville, TN 37203

 zanshindojo@comcast.net

 (615) 485-2143

 First name *

 Last name *

 Email *

 Phone

 Message *

 Submit

 Up
