---
source_url: https://guardianmma.com/programs/kids-training
final_url: https://www.guardianmma.com/programs/kids-training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:52.229Z
---

VISITING? DROP IN

 VISITING? DROP IN

 # Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai
 ## Classes for kids aged 4-15. Placements are determined by age and experience.
 SCHEDULE MY INTRO Monday through Thursday

 4:00 to 6:00PM

 All Levels

 ## MORE ABOUT THIS PROGRAM

 Our kids program is proud to offer Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai! Led by high level instructors. No experience is needed to join in on our programs. All classes range from begginer to advanced and will be split into groups accordingly. While self defense is our main goal; our gym is highly competitive as well! We love building up our team atmosphere by travling to tournaments and competing as a big team. This is not a requirment but we always love for you and your child to show up and cheer on the team if possible!
 We can not wait to have your family join our welcoming community!

 Self Defense

 Positive Community

 Make New Friends

 Improved Confidence

 ## CLASS SCHEDULE

 Monday
 Tuesday
 Wednesday
 Thursday
 Friday
 Saturday
 Sunday

 ## GET IN TOUCH
 Have a question about our classes or want to schedule a trial session? Drop us a message through our contact form and we'll get back to you as soon as possible. At Guardian MMA, we're all about helping you reach your martial arts goals. So, don't hesitate to reach out!

 Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field! Enter a valid email address!
 Phone Enter a 10 digit number to ensure you receive SMSs.
 How Did You Hear About Us - Friend/Family Facebook Google/Search Engine SMS Online Sales Other
 Referred By
 Comments
 Invalid reCAPTCHA!

 GET STARTED
 ## QUICK LINKS

 ## CONTACT
 info@guardianmma.com

 615-895-1667

 Guardian MMA
 627C Patterson Ave
 Murfreesboro, TN 37129

 ## HOURS
 Mon - Thu 9:00 am - 9:00 pm
 Friday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm
 Saturday 10:00 am - 2:00 pm
 Sunday Closed

 Other times available by appointment.

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
