---
source_url: https://guardianmma.com
final_url: https://www.guardianmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:52.783Z
---

VISITING? DROP IN

 VISITING? DROP IN

 # Muay Thai, MMA, BJJ, & After school program all in one
 ## Uncover your potential with Guardian MMA in Murfreesboro ,TN
 ### 627c patterson ave murfreesboro, tn
 SCHEDULE A TRIAL TODAY GET IN TOUCH

 ## THE Best MMA & AFTER SCHOOL PROGRAM IN Murfreesboro
 At Guardian MMA, we're not just a gym, we're a family. Our Murfreesboro-based MMA school is where you'll find the support, encouragement, and sense of community you've been looking for. We are most loved for our inclusive and welcoming environment, where everyone feels like they belong.

 SCHEDULE FREE TRIAL

 ## OuR MMA Programs
 At Guardian MMA, we offer top-notch martial arts classes in the heart of Murfreesboro. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned fighter, our experienced instructors will help you reach your full potential.

 ### Jiu-Jitsu A self-defense martial art and sport based on leverage, control, and ground-fighting techniques.

 ### Muay Thai Learn Thai Kickboxing — the art of eight limbs.

 ### MMA Whether you want to compete or learn self-defense, MMA classes provide you with well-rounded skills and training.

 ### Private Training Work 1-on-1 with a coach to accelerate your progress.

 ### Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai Classes for kids aged 4-15. Placements are determined by age and experience.

 ### After School Program Join Murfreesboro's premier after school program to take your child's confidence to the highest level. We are happy to offer pickup at almost every school in Murfreesboro. Please give us a call or email to see if your Childs school is in our pickup range!

 ## after school program
 The Guardian After School Program in Murfreeesboro, TN offers families a safe, supervised program for children after their school day ends.

 We provide shuttle service from several Murfreesboro schools to Guardian.

 Each afternoon includes designated times for snacks, self-directed completion of homework, and play.

 LEARN MORE

 ### WHY TRAIN WITH US?
 Train with Guardian MMA, the premier Murfreesboro-based MMA school, and join a community of dedicated fighters and supportive coaches. Whether you're a beginner or a seasoned fighter, our experienced instructors will help you reach your full potential. Get ready to push your limits and achieve your goals with Guardian MMA.

 SCHEDULE FREE TRIAL

 ## CLASS SCHEDULE

 Monday Muay Thai Striking (All Levels: Levels: I, II & III) 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM BJJ (No-Gi) 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Kids' Striking (7 and up) 4:00 PM - 4:30 PM Lil Ninjas' BJJ (Ages 5-7) 4:30 PM - 5:00 PM Kids' BJJ GI 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM Adults' BJJ (Gi) 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM Muay Thai (All Levels: Levels: I, II & III) 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Muay Thai (Levels II & III: INVITE ONLY) 8:00pm - 8:30pm
 Tuesday MMA With Sam Alvey 9:30 AM - 10:30 PM Kids' Striking (7 and up) 4:00 PM - 4:30 PM Lil Ninjas' BJJ (Ages 5-7) 4:30 PM - 5:00 PM Kids' BJJ (No-Gi) 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM MMA (All Levels: Levels: I, II & III) 6:00pm - 7:00pm Adults' BJJ (No-Gi) 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM BJJ Fundamentals 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Muay Thai (All Levels: Levels: I, II & III) 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM
 Wednesday Muay Thai Striking (All Levels: Levels: I, II & III) 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM BJJ (Gi) 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Kids' Striking (7 and up) 4:00 PM - 4:30 PM Lil Ninjas' BJJ (Ages 5-7) 4:30 PM - 5:00 PM Kids' BJJ GI 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM Adult BJJ (No-Gi) 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM Muay Thai (All Levels: Levels: I, II & III) 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Muay Thai (Levels II & III: INVITE ONLY) 8:00pm - 8:30pm
 Thursday BJJ Fundamentals 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Kids' Striking (7 and up) 4:00 PM - 4:30 PM Lil Ninjas' BJJ (Ages 5-7) 4:30 PM - 5:00 PM Kids' BJJ (No-Gi) 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM Adults' BJJ (No-Gi) 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM BJJ Fundamentals 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM MMA (INVITE ONLY) 7:00pm - 8:00pm
 Friday Muay Thai Sparring (Levels II & III) 9:00 AM - 10:00 AM BJJ (No-Gi) 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Adults' BJJ (No-Gi) 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM
 Saturday Open Mat 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM Muay Thai (All Levels: Levels: I, II & III) 12:00pm - 1:00pm
 Sunday

 ### Guardian MMA

 627C Patterson Ave
 Murfreesboro, TN 37129

 New location now open!

 615-895-1667

 info@guardianmma.com

 ## GET IN TOUCH
 At Guardian MMA, we're not just a gym, we're a family. Our Murfreesboro-based MMA school is dedicated to providing top-notch training in a supportive and inclusive environment.

 Our experienced instructors are committed to helping you reach your fitness and martial arts goals. Join us and become a part of our Guardian MMA family today!

 Name * Required field!
 Email * Required field! Enter a valid email address!
 Phone Enter a 10 digit number to ensure you receive SMSs.
 How Did You Hear About Us - Friend/Family Facebook Google/Search Engine SMS Online Sales Other
 Referred By
 Comments
 Invalid reCAPTCHA!

 ## COACHES
 Hey there, meet the Guardian MMA team! Based in Murfreesboro, our crew is made up of passionate and experienced instructors who are dedicated to helping you reach your full potential.

 From striking to grappling, our team is here to guide and support you every step of the way on your martial arts journey.

 ### Chad “the Beast” Hardy Owner and Head Coach
 READ BIO

 ### Sam "Smilin' Sam" Alvey MMA Coach
 READ BIO

 ### Nakana Costa Jiu-Jitsu Coach
 READ BIO

 ### Paul Gibson Jiu-Jitsu/Muay Thai Coach
 READ BIO

 ### Becky Goins Head of ASP
 READ BIO

 ### Asher Giroux Kids Coach
 READ BIO

 View more

 MEET THE FULL TEAM

 ## WHAT OUR MEMBERS ARE SAYING
 At Guardian MMA, we're proud of our glowing reviews from happy students. From our welcoming atmosphere to our top-notch training, we strive to provide the best experience for everyone. Don't just take our word for it - check out what others have to say about their time at our Murfreesboro-based MMA school.

 SCHEDULE MY INTRO We train at Guardian primarily because of the family atmosphere. Everyone there treats us as family and cares about our Jiujitsu journey, our health and our well-being. We have some of the best instructors and competitors in the region right here to work with us.

 We have grown so much in the past 18 months as a family. Discipline and mental strength have made a huge impact in our son’s progress both on and off the mat. We train to get strong mentally and physically and the Guardian family has been there for us the whole way. It helps so much to know they support us.

 The Guardian team has exceeded my expectations in many ways. They truly care about us beyond just jiujitsu. It’s really a wonderful team to a part of it.

 ##### Patrick Wise

 The staff is wonderful and the structure, amazing! The way this gym becomes more like family is incredible to witness and be a part of! My daughters joined with my husband and after seeing what it has done for them I joined in January! It is a great time, you learn a lot and the coaches are super supportive, and great with my kiddos! They also have great merchandise, great after school programs for kids, womens’ only group, sometimes they host a parents night out and they truly just want the best for all of their students. I recommend Guardian and always will!

 ##### Leanne Gamlin

 I started going to Guardian to help gain some self confidence and learn how to defend myself. This school has given me that and so much more! I always feel welcome here and I couldn’t recommend this school enough! The instructors are knowledgeable and very helpful and are always open for questions.

 ##### Heath Higgins

 ### FOLLOW US AT @guardianmma
 View this profile on Instagram Guardian MMA (@ Guardianmma ) • Instagram photos and videos

 ### Ready to get started? Join Guardian MMA now!

 SCHEDULE MY INTRO

 GET STARTED
 ## QUICK LINKS

 ## CONTACT
 info@guardianmma.com

 615-895-1667

 Guardian MMA
 627C Patterson Ave
 Murfreesboro, TN 37129

 ## HOURS
 Mon - Thu 9:00 am - 9:00 pm
 Friday 9:00 am - 6:00 pm
 Saturday 10:00 am - 2:00 pm
 Sunday Closed

 Other times available by appointment.

 Privacy Policy & Cookie Statement • Accessibility Statement • Terms & Conditions
 Powered by

 Share by:

 Wodify Iframe
