---
source_url: http://www.iowabjj.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://iowabjj.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:53.683Z
---

Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) emphasizes taking an opponent to the ground and utilizing ground fighting techniques and submission holds involving joint-locks and chokeholds also found in numerous other arts with or without ground fighting emphasis. The premise is that most of the advantage of a larger, stronger opponent comes from superior reach and more powerful strikes, both of which are somewhat negated when grappling on the ground.
 BJJ permits a wide variety of techniques to take the fight to the ground after taking a grip. Once the opponent is on the ground, a number of maneuvers (and counter-maneuvers) are available to manipulate the opponent into a suitable position for the application of a submission technique. Achieving a dominant position on the ground is one of the hallmarks of the BJJ style, and includes effective use of the guard position to defend oneself from bottom, and passing the guard to dominate from top position with side control, mount, and back mount positions. This system of maneuvering and manipulation can be likened to a form of kinetic chess when utilized by two experienced practitioners. A submission hold is the equivalent of checkmate in the sport, reflecting a disadvantage which would be extremely difficult to overcome in a fight (such as a dislocated joint or unconsciousness).
 We provide training in self-defense, sport, and competition through our Jiu-Jitsu programs. We also offer both gi and no-gi classes to cater to the needs of all students.
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is great for women's self defense! Our program teaches women the necessary tools to survive and escape a threatening situation. Our program not only empowers a woman physically with simple, effective techniques for an escape, but also psychologically and emotionally by enabling her to maintain the presence of mind necessary to recognize or create an opportunity to get away.
 Our techniques are designed to help any woman escape from her attacker, whether she is on her feet or on the ground. The techniques of our program are not based on strikes, as are most other self-defense courses for women. Strikes offer very little chance for success against an assailant who is most likely going to be bigger, stronger and capable of hitting back. Furthermore, they are useless on the ground, which is where the attacker will usually carry out his assault.
