---
source_url: https://frogtownjj.com/pages/kids-programs
final_url: https://frogtownjj.com/pages/kids-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:22.295Z
---

-

 ## FRIENDS • MOVEMENT • CONFIDENCE
 CLASSES BEGIN AUGUST 4, 2025*
 The FTJJ kids program allows young athletes to build lasting friendships while learning the values of teamwork and respect. Through the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, the program fosters confidence, nurtures a love for learning, and emphasizes skills allowing kids to grow both on and off the mats.

 ## TADPOLE MEMBERSHIP Ages 3 to 5 is our youngest age group and a great time to start your child on their Jiu-Jitsu journey. Classes offered Tuesday and Thursday afternoons. $150 billed monthly

 Join The Tadpoles

 ## FROGLET MEMBERSHIP For kids ages 6 to 14, students learn the fundamentals through a mix of games, sparring, and technical drills. Classes offered after school Monday through Friday. $250 billed monthly

 Join The Froglets

 - Tadpoles’ Jiu-Jitsu Goals This is our youngest age group and a great time to start your child on their Jiu-Jitsu journey. Through playful introduction to basic positions and movements, students develop body awareness with games that focus on balance & coordination. Through continued participation, the program helps kids build confidence, improve communication skills, and strengthen focus, behavior, and the ability to follow instructions in a group setting. Classes are designed to be engaging and supportive, encouraging positive social interaction and active participation. - Froglets’ Jiu-Jitsu Goals Our next membership tier offers classes Monday through Friday designed to help older kids build on the goals of the younger group while establishing a strong foundation in technique. Through structured training and classes that include a mix of games, sparring, and technical drills, students learn the fundamentals, while developing sparring skills that emphasize safety and mutual trust. The program encourages teamwork, self-control, and effective communication, while using goal setting to build confidence and support personal growth on and off the mat. With a focus on technical development, discipline, and mental readiness, the program also prepares students to transition smoothly into an adult Jiu-Jitsu curriculum as they progress. - How Classes Work While there are two membership options, there are three separate classes designed for each age group. The Tadpoles train Tuesday and Thursday afternoons.Froglets are divided into a 6 to 8-year-old group and a 9 to 14-year-old group. Classes for those age brackets are offered Monday through Friday to help older kids build on the same goals of the younger group, while instilling the values of discipline and consistency. - Uniform Policy All students must wear a clean, white gi during class to honor BJJ tradition and promote team spirit. Students must also wear a clean rash guard beneath their white gis that are free of stains, rips, or odors.A gi is the traditional martial arts uniform, consisting of a jacket made from heavy-duty cotton or cotton blend, reinforced to endure gripping and grappling; pants with a drawstring waist and reinforced knees; and a belt, which secures the jacket and denotes the student's rank.

 ## Kids' Class Schedule
 - - - - -

 ## Meet the Coach
 Colton Smith's journey in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu started at just 6 years of age in Santa Cruz, California, under the tutelage of Frogtown Jiu–Jitsu Head Coach, Paul Schreiner, and Garth Taylor of Westcliff Jiu-Jitsu, laying the foundation for a lifelong passion for the sport. With each passing year, Colton has remained unwavering in his commitment to training, accumulating a wealth of experience and accolades along the way.
 Drawing from his own journey growing up in Jiu-Jitsu, Colton brings a unique perspective to his coaching approach, allowing him to connect with young practitioners on a profound level. Beyond teaching the technical aspects of the art, Colton instills invaluable life lessons of discipline, perseverance, and sportsmanship in his students, shaping them into well-rounded individuals both on and off the mats. In addition to his coaching duties, Colton is pursuing an education in the medical field with aspirations of a career in nursing. His dedication to academic and professional growth mirrors his commitment to excellence in Jiu-Jitsu, solidifying his position as a role model and mentor within our gym community.

 - - - -
 Previous / Next
