---
source_url: https://frogtownjj.com
final_url: https://frogtownjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:23.550Z
---

FROGTOWN JIU–JITSU is a school dedicated to creating a fun and engaging environment for practitioners of all levels. We teach the art of Jiu-Jitsu in and out of the Gi, emphasizing technical proficiency, adaptability, creativity, and connection within our training. You will not only develop technical skills but also cultivate a deeper understanding of movement and strategy in a challenging and supportive environment.

 We offer classes for adult Gi and no-Gi, as well as kids' Gi BJJ programs for all levels led by Paul Schreiner, former Head Instructor at Marcelo Garcia Academy in NYC. All classes will feature focused, intentional instruction and proven dynamic practice design.
 If you're new to BJJ, book a free Level I trial class and one of our instructors will work with you one-on-one. If you already have experience, drop in to trial any of our classes.

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL

 # ADULT CLASS SCHEDULE

 - - - - - -

 ## Level I – Foundations
 In this class, we introduce and explore the primary techniques and positions of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. This is the class to start with if you have no experience in Jiu-Jitsu. You will learn how to move, train safely and become technically proficient. In every class, students engage in live training that is carefully structured to ensure safety and insight. Sparring sessions are framed with clear objectives and feedback mechanisms, promoting situational awareness and decision-making. Instructors facilitate discussions on the strategies being employed, helping all students, regardless of skill level, to reflect and learn from their training experiences. Applications of Jiu-Jitsu for self defense and sport are covered.

 ## Level II – Sport
 Designed for practitioners seeking a comprehensive understanding of the art in sportive applications. Not just for competitors, this is an all levels class where we dive deeper into the techniques and tactics of Jiu-Jitsu and submission grappling in and out of the Gi. This class covers all aspects of BJJ: standing techniques and takedowns, positional control, and submissions. With a focus on detailed instruction, you'll refine your skills in both offensive and defensive tactics while developing the ability to adapt to various situations on the mat. All classes include dedicated time for sparring starting on the feet.

 ## Level III – Practice
 This class is focused on live training and problem solving with an emphasis on positional sparring. Portions of this class are self-directed, while the rest stress collaboration with an instructor always present to assist with technique and answer questions when they arise.

 ## OPEN MAT
 An informal training session where practitioners of all levels come together to roll, spar, drill techniques, or ask questions. The training is supervised by an instructor, but there is no formal class. Participants train at their own pace, try new moves, and gain experience with different partners. Visitors and drop-ins welcome. Minimum 3 months of regular training required.

 # TRAINING FACILITY

 - - - - - - - - - - -
 Previous / Next

 -
