---
source_url: https://www.guardianjiujitsu.com/adults
final_url: https://www.guardianjiujitsu.com/adults
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:59.537Z
---

# Adult Jiu-Jitsu Program
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (also commonly known as "BJJ," "Gracie Jiu-Jitsu," or just "Jiu-Jitsu") is a martial art that focuses on grappling to establish dominant control of an opponent, and the use of submission holds to force an opponent to "tap out." It's founded on the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves against a bigger, stronger, heavier opponent.
 BJJ is often featured in MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) matches, and is gaining in popularity worldwide. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training is a great way to get in shape while learning effective self defense. The best part: it’s a whole lot of fun!
 Guardian Jiu-Jitsu offers BJJ classes for adults of all ages and abilities , both men and women .
 It doesn’t matter if you’re an advanced student, or a complete beginner who is looking to get in shape. You are welcome to join us!
 ​
 >> Click Here To Try A Free Class
 ​

 ## FAQ's
 ​
 "Can I try it out for free?"
 ​
 YES! To sign up for a free trial class at Guardian Jiu-Jitsu, just fill out our online form .
 ​
 Click here to sign up for a free class.
 ​
 "What should I expect for my first Jiu-Jitsu class?"
 ​
 A typical Jiu-Jitsu class starts with a guided warm-up, then moves to technique instruction, followed by sparring.
 ​
 New students are often paired with experienced students during the technique instruction part of class.
 We ask new students to observe the sparring portion of class, until they are ready to try it out.
 ​
 "Should I try a Gi class, or a No-Gi class? Do I need to have a uniform for my first class?"
 ​
 Guardian Jiu-Jitsu offers classes for both “Gi” as well as “No-Gi.”
 ​
 The Gi is a traditional martial arts uniform used in Jiu-Jitsu. The Gi uniform includes a heavy cotton jacket, reinforced drawstring trousers, and a belt which communicates rank. No-Gi class attire includes grappling shorts and a rashguard, and optionally, tights or spats.
 If you are brand new to Jiu-Jitsu, we usually recommend that you start with a Gi class. But you are welcome to try Gi classes, No-Gi classes, or both.
 Regardless of which class you’re trying, Gi or No-Gi, you can wear normal gym clothes to your first Jiu-Jitsu class.

 ## Testimonials
 Hear From Our Students:

 Ready To Give It A Try?

 Try A Free Class

 "The team at Guardian has become like family to me. They are open minded and respectful human beings. You can feel the passion in the air for this martial art, and they make it fun and exciting for all to experience. This is something that can be a lifelong journey. If you are looking for something fun, challenging, and rewarding to experience in life, I would highly recommend coming and checking out the Guardian Jiu-Jitsu academy!"

 ### Alexandria
