---
source_url: https://www.guardianjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.guardianjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:00.383Z
---

# Ready For A New Challenge?
 Sign up for our 30 for $30 deal today!

 Guardian Jiu-Jitsu is the ONLY gym in the greater Holland area offering our unique mix of programs: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for kids and adults , kickboxing , and women's martial arts . Our 3,700 square foot facility is conveniently located in Holland Town Center, behind Nelis' Dutch Village.

 Book Your First Class Today

 ## Our Location
 Our 3,700 square foot facility is conveniently located in Holland Town Center , off US-31 on James Street behind Nelis' Dutch Village .
 ŌĆŗ
 Address:
 12330 James St., A40
 Holland, MI 49424
 ŌĆŗ
 Our facility is adjacent to many popular other businesses and retailers, including Carter's Babies & Kids, Planet Fitness, and Funky Buddha Yoga.

 ## Programs
 ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu Program
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (also commonly known as "BJJ," "Gracie Jiu-Jitsu," or just "Jiu-Jitsu") is a martial art that focuses on grappling to establish dominant control of an opponent, and the use of submission holds to force an opponent to "tap out." It's founded on the concept that a smaller, weaker person can successfully defend themselves against a bigger, stronger, heavier opponent.

 BJJ is often featured in MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) matches, and is gaining in popularity worldwide. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training is a great way to get in shape while learning effective self defense. The best part: itŌĆÖs a whole lot of fun!

 ŌĆŗ
 Click here to learn more >>
 ŌĆŗ

 ### Kids Jiu-Jitsu Program
 The Guardian Jiu-Jitsu Kids Program offers Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training for children ages 6 to 15. We welcome kids of all skill levels, from experienced Jiu-Jitsu students to complete beginners.

 How do kids benefit when they train Jiu-Jitsu? Besides learning self defense techniques, kids who train Jiu-Jitsu develop physical attributes, including balance, coordination and motor skills. Jiu-Jitsu also helps children develop confidence, discipline, and other virtues which translate ŌĆ£off the matŌĆØ in others areas of life.
 ŌĆŗ
 Click here to learn more >>

 ### Kickboxing Program
 The Guardian Kickboxing Program offers training for teens and adult men and women, ages 16 and up.

 We welcome students of all skill levels, from experienced kickboxers, to complete beginners.

 Our kickboxing program stresses fundamentals, and is an excellent complement to Jiu-Jitsu training. Plus, it's a fun and intense workout!
 ŌĆŗ
 Click here to learn more >>

 ### Women's Martial Arts
 Get fit... develop confidence... and unleash your inner strength!

 Our Women's Martial Arts Program offers classes in both Jiu-Jitsu as well as kickboxing.
 ŌĆŗ
 These women's martial arts classes offer a great workout, and are appropriate for all skill levels. Many of our students begin with little to no experience, so whether you're an advanced student, or a complete beginner, you can jump right in.
 ŌĆŗ
 Click here to learn more >>

 ## Testimonials
 Hear From Our Students:

 Ready To Give It A Try?

 GET 1 FREE TRIAL WEEK!

 "The team at Guardian has become like family to me. They are open minded and respectful human beings. You can feel the passion in the air for this martial art, and they make it fun and exciting for all to experience. This is something that can be a lifelong journey. If you are looking for something fun, challenging, and rewarding to experience in life, I would highly recommend coming and checking out the Guardian Jiu-Jitsu academy!"

 ### Alexandria
