---
source_url: http://iamteamr.com
final_url: https://iamteamr.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:49.459Z
---

-
 # Train Like a Champion Fight Like A Beast
 Join Now

 ## Welcome to the Team Robinson MMA Training Program We provide a safe training environment that will enable students of all ages, and backgrounds to grow physically and mentally. Our "Where the whole family can get it" mantra stems from motivating our clients to rise above defeat and to persevere in their martial arts and overall physical fitness training, but more importantly in life. We train the best at Team Robinson MMA, cultivate indomitable spirits and have fun doing so.
 About the Gym

 ## Our Facility - Best Trainers - Flexible Timing - Cardio Programs - Strength Training

 Meet Our Instructors
 ## Our Classes - Adult Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) - Elite MMA (8-12 years old) - Lil' Warriors (4-7 years old)

 - Boxing - Ladies Kickboxing - Cuts-n-Curves - Fitness Center

 View Classes

 ## Our Packages - Registration/Equipment - Combat Training - Fitness Center
 Join Now

 ## Instructors Meet our team of highly qualified teachers.
 Meet the Staff
 ## Become a Member Join Team Robinson and push yourself to the max!
 Join Now
 ## Group Classes Gain strength, flexibility and self-confidence!
 Learn More

 I love getting to see people make a transition from lacking self-confidence and not having too much strength, balance and coordination to improving in all those areas.
 Jerome Robinson Owner of Team Robinson MMA & Fitness

 ## TEAM ROBINSON MMASelf Protection DVD Grab this quick training guide that provides real and practical ways for men, women, and children of all ages to effectively protect themselves. Human trafficking, kidnapping, rape, assault is all real and happens all over the world. This DVD includes 42 minutes of information that could save your life. Whether you watch it by yourself, with a partner, or a classroom environment; you will benefit by becoming aware of your surroundings. Self-protection is not about becoming scared of your surroundings or being paranoid, it is about self-awareness, accountability, and ensuring you are taking the proper steps to protect yourself. This DVD could save your life, order your copy today!
 "As someone who goes to kickboxing on a regular basis, I feel like I am pretty confident in my abilities to protect myself but watching this video was eye opening. When we get in the rut of every day life, we become comfortable in our routine and oftentimes forget that something as simple as getting gas could turn into a life threatening situation. I learned so much from this video, things I never would have thought of that could happen in an instant, and I learned quick tips on how to get out of that situation. I don't care if you are physically fit, trained in self defense, or feel like a situation could never happen to you, WATCH THIS VIDEO because it could really save your life." - Amy S. Sumter, SC

 ## TR Self Protection DVD (Store Pickup) In Store Pickup
 21.99 $21.99In Store PickupAdd to Cart
 ## TR Self Protection DVD (Standard U.S. Shipping) U.S. Shipping, 1 copy
 29.99 $29.99$8 Standard ShippingAdd to Cart
 For overnight, bulk, or international shipping please contact Jerome Robinson .
 ## Shopping Cart

 ## Resources 1 First Class Free Try out any of our classes before committing to a life changing experience.

 2 Choose Your Membership You have the option to pay monthly or get a discount with auto-pay or a 1 year contract.

 3 Learn, Thrive, Triumph! Our expert instructors will push your limits and help you succeed!

 ## Working Hours - Mon - Fri 5:30pm - 9:00pm - Saturday 11:15am - 1.00pm - Sunday Private Lessons
