---
source_url: https://primalgroundsbjj.com
final_url: https://primalgroundsbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:41.699Z
---

# PRIMAL FAVORITES View products

 # NEVER SURRENDER View products

 # NEVER RETREAT View products

 Come try us out with a 2-Day Trial

 2-Day Trial

 # Testimonials
 next previous

 ## Kassondra L Member
 - - - - -
 I tried multiple other Jiu Jitsu gyms in the area for my son, and Primal Grounds was by far the one that impressed me the most. The coaching is excellent and the atmosphere is welcoming. Highly recommend!!

 ## Daniel N Member
 - - - - -
 ###### Everyone here is so friendly and welcoming. I had no prior martial arts experience, so I was unsure of what to expect. When I came into this gym on my first day, many people came up to me to introduce themselves and welcome me to their gym. The owners Andre and Dominic are great, they really make the environment fun and friendly!

 ## Shana K Member
 - - - - -
 ###### I couldn’t be happier with this jiu jitsu gym for my 5-year-old! We tried other classes in the Roseville area but felt discouraged and dismissed since my son had no previous training. I chose this gym because of their excellent communication and extra attention they give each child—especially my son. From the moment I first walked in, I felt good vibes --

 ## COLLECTION GRAB SOME GEAR

 SHIRTS

 HOODIES

 SHORTS

 # THE TEAM
 next previous

 ## Dominic Pasquale INSTRUCTOR

 - Instagram
 Black belt

 ## Angelo Pasquale INSTRUCTOR

 - Instagram
 Black belt

 ## Luka Bondole STRIKING

 - Instagram
 Fought For Bellator & LFA

 ## Andre Sinanian STRENGTH & CONDITIONING

 - Instagram

 # WHAT WE OFFER..
 next previous

 ## OPEN MAT FOR MEMBERS ONLY Members Only Open Mat.

 ## PHOTO AND VIDEO SERVICES WE OFFER MMA AND BJJ FIGHTERS VIDEO AND PHOTO SERVICES IN HOUSE.

 LEARN MORE
 ## FIGHT NIGHT WE PROVIDE FIGHT NIGHT VIEWING PARTIES. UFC FIGHT PASS AND PPV.

 LEARN MORE
 ## CONTENT CREATORS FEEL FREE TO CREATE CONTENT ANY TIME. WE HAVE TRIPODS FOR YOU TO USE.

 LEARN MORE

 ## UNBREAKABLE PUSH HARD. TRAIN HARDER. LEAVE IT ALL ON THE MATS. THIS IS YOUR MOMENT. THIS IS WHERE CHANGE IS MADE. BE UNBREAKABLE.

 ## Newsletter Subscribe to get special offers, free giveaways, and any future events we plan to hold. We promise to send emails you will love.

 Success! Use code PRIMAL10 to save 10%
 This customer is already subscribed
 Join

 ## Address 414 Vernon Street, Ste 190
 Roseville CA, 95678

 Directions

 ## A few things you might be wondering Mat Policy No shoes or slippers on the mats. No walking around barefoot then stepping on the mats again. We try to avoid any cross contamination or bringing any rubbage onto the mats.
 Please place a pair of sandles or shoes by the mat frame for you to walk off the mats.
 Socks are allowed on the mats. But still no walking off and on mats with socks.

 Gym policy Upon entering please always check in. Clean up after yourselves and treat this gym as your home.

 Our policy for returns and refunds Our customers' satisfaction is our number one priority.
 We offer a full refund on products. When the product has not been opened and is unused.
 Any returns must be in the original packaging with proof of purchase.

 Where can I park? We have parking across from the front of the building. Free parking in the parking garage. Parking on the side of the building and in the back.
