---
source_url: http://jeffspeakmanarizona.com
final_url: https://jeffspeakmanarizona.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:07.064Z
---

Train In One Of Jeff Speakman's Qualified Training Centers # Expert Kenpo Karate Instruction In Gilbert Request more information

 Quality Instruction Backed By Jeff Speakman ## Kenpo Karate For The Whole Family We teach Kenpo Karate to people of all ages and skill levels in Gilbert, Chandler, and Mesa. As part of the Jeff Speakman's Kenpo 5.0 organization, you can trust in us to provide expert level instruction in an atmosphere designed to include everyone. Training with us in Gilbert, you or your child can learn real-world self-defense skills , valuable self-control and discipline , and the value of community . Our goal is to help you succeed and we do that by sharing our expertise with anyone that walks through our doors.
 Find out more by filling out the short form on your screen!
 Request More Information

 - - -

 Our Location ## Gilbert View Our Location

 My kid loves this place. He got bullied a couple times at school, but now I don't think that's a problem. He's very confident in his body and soul.
 #### Aiden Noor

 Such a great karate school!!! Clean, modern, professional and kind instructors, who are truly great guiding figures for kids and adults alike. The karate they teach is highly effective and useful.
 #### Berj Parseghian

 Great place! Very knowledgeable and passionate instructors. I would recommend them to anyone!
 #### Rick S

 World class! You and you're family have come to the right place.
 #### Martin Gosling

 If you are looking for professionally run martial arts school run by passionate and experienced instructors, look no further.Ted and Jon Parker are an excellent choice to lead you in your self defence and fitness goals. Part of a Worldwide organisation with access to the best self defence system in the world today. I highly recommend training at the Jeff Speakman's Kenpo 5.0 - Gilbert Training Center.
 #### Suzanne Woods

 Get Started Today! ## Request More Information

 My kid loves this place. He got bullied a couple times at school, but now I don't think that's a problem. He's very confident in his body and soul.

 Such a great karate school!!! Clean, modern, professional and kind instructors, who are truly great guiding figures for kids and adults alike. The karate they teach is highly effective and useful.

 Great place! Very knowledgeable and passionate instructors. I would recommend them to anyone!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
