---
source_url: http://kickbox1.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://kickbox1.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:30.313Z
---

# American Martial Arts Center Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from American Martial Arts Center. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 choose your class type
 Print
 Monday - 10:30 AM - Kickboxing (Men and Women) - 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Teens - 5:30 PM - 6:15 PM Tigers - 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Muay Thai

 Tuesday - 5:30 PM - 6:00 PM Dragons - 6:00 PM - 8:00 PM Adult Open Gym - 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Muay Thai

 Wednesday - 10:30 AM - Kickboxing (Men and Women) - 4:30 PM - 5:15 PM Teens - 5:30 PM - 6:15 PM Tigers - 6:30 PM - 7:30 PM Adult JKD/Self Defense

 Thursday - 5:00 PM - 6:00 PM Dragons - 5:30 PM - 8:30 PM Adult Open Gym - 5:30 PM - 6:15 PM Tigers - 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM Muay Thai

 Friday

 Saturday - 10:00 AM - Baby Dragons (3-5) - 10:30 AM - 11:00 AM Lil Dragons - Instr:Bobby Giordano - 10:45 AM - 12:00 PM Adult Open Gym - 11:00 AM - 12:00 AM Muay Thai

 Sunday

 Your classes have helped build Kyani’s self esteem and have given her another reason to be proud and happy. I hope one day we’ll be back creating more wonderful character building experiences for all the kids. Thank you so much!

 The American Martial Arts Center offers classes for kids, teens and adults in a fun, encouraging and non-intimidating environment. As someone who has been going here for a few years, I still very much enjoy the classes and feel they are great for the mind, body and soul. Besides having a wealth of Martial Arts experience, the head instructor Bobby has great people skills, making him effective and engaging as a sensei. While students are encouraged to work hard and learn, there is no pressure to do more than you are capable of. Beginners are always welcome and more often than not will fit in right away. The studio itself is spacious with a large workout floor, a boxing ring and several heavy bags. Very much recommended, come check it out!

 Been going there for about a month now. I had never thrown a kick or punch in my life prior to this. It is a very relaxed atmosphere and the dead trainer Bobby knows his stuff you dont have to do anything you are not comfortable with and the gym itself is great

 ### Request Information Now!

 ### Now Enrolling For: #### 10:30am Kickboxing, Mon & Wed ---- 3-5yr olds, Saturdays, 10am Call for More Information (857)-259-6677

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
