---
source_url: http://kickbox1.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://kickbox1.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:30.610Z
---

# Cambridge Kids Martial Arts Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from American Martial Arts Center. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## #### At American Martial Arts Center, we teach kids confidence, discipline, and respect while having fun learning practical self-defense! Our kids classes are all age-appropriate and address kicking, punching, wrestling, and self-defense ! We discuss bullyproofing, stranger danger, drug avoidance, the emergency 911 system, and much more! It is our goal to ensure your child is successful on and off the mat.
 Our experienced and professional instructors are accustomed to working with kids of all ages and experience levels . Whether your child is shy or outgoing, American Martial Arts Center in Cambridge has something great to offer everyone! And the best part? You get a peace of mind knowing that your child is being well-taken care of in a safe, friendly, and supportive environment.
 We are now offering a new 4-week program for kids (includes a free uniform & belt!), a great way to try us out without commitment and see if our program is the right fit for your child!
 ## Kids Martial Arts in Cambridge is Second to None Before you know it, you will see a huge difference in your child's behavior, confidence, and manners after just a few short classes. We guarantee your child will love the fast-paced and high-energy moves and techniques of martial arts that will not only keep their body in top-notch condition but also their mind. No matter how old your child is, we have a martial arts class for them!
 - Dragons (3-6 years old) - Tigers (7-11 years old) - Teens (11-17 years old)
 Below are just a few of the benefits your child will experience:
 - Self-defense tactics, discipline, and respect - Improved self-confidence and esteem - Improved motor skills, balance, and flexibility - Better focus and concentration at school - And so much more!
 ## Sign Up Today! If you are interested in learning more about Kids Martial Arts for Cambridge or Belmont students, please fill out the short form below. We look forward to hearing from you soon, and can't wait to start working with your child.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 Your classes have helped build Kyani’s self esteem and have given her another reason to be proud and happy. I hope one day we’ll be back creating more wonderful character building experiences for all the kids. Thank you so much!

 The American Martial Arts Center offers classes for kids, teens and adults in a fun, encouraging and non-intimidating environment. As someone who has been going here for a few years, I still very much enjoy the classes and feel they are great for the mind, body and soul. Besides having a wealth of Martial Arts experience, the head instructor Bobby has great people skills, making him effective and engaging as a sensei. While students are encouraged to work hard and learn, there is no pressure to do more than you are capable of. Beginners are always welcome and more often than not will fit in right away. The studio itself is spacious with a large workout floor, a boxing ring and several heavy bags. Very much recommended, come check it out!

 Been going there for about a month now. I had never thrown a kick or punch in my life prior to this. It is a very relaxed atmosphere and the dead trainer Bobby knows his stuff you dont have to do anything you are not comfortable with and the gym itself is great

 ### Request Information Now!

 ### Now Enrolling For: #### 10:30am Kickboxing, Mon & Wed ---- 3-5yr olds, Saturdays, 10am Call for More Information (857)-259-6677

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
