---
source_url: http://follyjiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.follyjiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.302Z
---

## Folly Jiu Jitsu has classes for all experience levels — from beginner to advanced.

 Our Classes

 - Gi Class During the Gi Class, you'll learn essential grips, leverage-based techniques, and effective use of the gi for control and submissions. Through partner drills, positional sparring, and detailed instruction, you'll develop a solid foundation in gi-based jiu-jitsu and improve your overall grappling skills. Whether you're interested in traditional jiu-jitsu, self-defense applications, or simply want to expand your skill set and get in shape, our Gi Class offers a comprehensive training experience that will enhance your understanding of the art, improve your physical conditioning, and foster personal growth on and off the mats. We also have Gi classes especially tailored for beginners Tuesdays and Thursdays at 6pm. - No Gi Class Our No Gi Class is perfect for those looking to build a strong foundation in submission grappling without the traditional gi attire. These classes focus on fundamental techniques, positions, and strategies in a dynamic and practical manner. Through detailed demonstrations and partner drills, you will learn effective takedowns, control positions, submissions, and escapes. Whether you're a beginner, intermediate, or crossing over from gi training, our No Gi Class will enhance your knowledge of jiu-jitsu, hone your skills, and provide you with a well-rounded understanding of the most critical aspects of the sport. We also have No Gi classes especially tailored for beginners Wednesdays at 6pm. - No Gi Advanced Class Ready to take your jiu-jitsu skills to the next level? Our No Gi Advanced Class offers a challenging and highly detail-oriented environment for experienced practitioners seeking to refine their technique and test their abilities. Led by Black Belt J.P. Patterson, this class focuses on advanced submissions and escapes, complex transitions, and high-level strategies used in competitive grappling. You'll engage in intense sparring sessions, learn advanced counters, and explore creative variations on traditional techniques. Our No Gi Advanced Class is held Monday–Thursday at 6pm. - Kids Class Our Kids Class is designed to introduce children aged 7 to 12 to the exciting world of jiu-jitsu in a safe and engaging environment. Led by experienced instructors, this class focuses on teaching fundamental techniques, coordination, discipline, and self-confidence. Through fun drills and interactive exercises, children develop essential skills such as balance, agility, teamwork, and self-defense. We prioritize safety and ensure that each child receives individual attention to help them progress at their own pace. Our Kids Class not only promotes physical fitness but also instills valuable life skills, including respect, discipline, and self-defense awareness. Join us every Tuesday–Thursday at 4:45pm for an exciting journey of growth and achievement for your kid! - Law Enforcement Class Our specialized Law Enforcement Class is tailored to the unique needs and challenges faced by police officers, security personnel, and other law enforcement professionals. Led by Adam Haidary from Effective Fitness Combatives, this class focuses on practical self-defense techniques, situational awareness, and control tactics necessary for law enforcement scenarios. Through realistic simulations, scenario-based training, and drills, students will develop the skills to safely manage high-stress encounters and control non-compliant individuals. We prioritize officer safety and provide valuable training that translates directly to real-world situations. Join our Law Enforcement Class to enhance your skill set, build confidence, and improve your ability to safely protect and serve. Our Law Enforcement class takes place every Wednesday at 10:30am. - Open Mat Our Open Mat sessions provide a free-form training environment for practitioners of all levels to refine their techniques, experiment with new strategies, and engage in friendly sparring. Whether you're a beginner or an advanced student, our Open Mat sessions allow you to train at your own pace, explore specific areas of interest, and seek guidance from our instructors. It's an opportunity to connect with the jiu-jitsu community and learn from fellow enthusiasts. Whether you want to sharpen your skills, get extra mat time, or simply enjoy the art of jiu-jitsu, our Open Mat sessions offer a supportive and inclusive space for all practitioners to thrive. Open Mat sessions are every Saturday at 10am and Sunday at 2pm.
 Class Schedule
