---
source_url: http://follyjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.follyjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:51.449Z
---

# Welcome

 New? start here
 New? start here

 At Folly Jiu Jitsu our mission is to provide you with world-class jiu jitsu instruction.
 We welcome all ages and all walks of life. Our coaches & students consist of first responders, active duty military and veterans, moms, dads, daughters, sons, software developers, construction workers, and everything in between. We apply lessons learned on the mats to our everyday lives. Our mission is to grow and cultivate a culture of hard work, dedication, and strength, ultimately helping people become the best versions of themselves.
 Jiu Jitsu is a journey and we are excited to share it with you.

 # Get Started Click the button below to view the schedule & register to sign up for our classes

 View the schedule
 View the schedule

 ### What People Are Saying:

 “Folly jiu jitsu is a welcoming environment for both a beginner and experienced athletes. They have a great structure for learning from many advanced practitioners. Highly recommended!”
 #### - Cameron

 “Jiu Jitsu isn’t just something that’s applicable only while you’re on the mats, it’s applicable to all aspects of your life. Folly’s style of instruction helps keep that front and center.”
 #### - Andrew

 “Folly Jiu Jitsu is the best place to train—whether you're on your own or with family. The coaches are sharp, supportive, and really pay attention, so even big classes feel personal. Tons of class options make it easy to fit your schedule.”
 #### -Conrad

 “Folly Jiu Jitsu has a very welcoming training environment, whether new to the sport or new to town. It starts with the large group of extremely experienced instructors, and that culture is apparent with everyone who trains there.”
 #### - Gabe

 # FAQs

 - Do I need to get in shape first or have martial arts training? ? No! People from all walks of life are welcome to start their jiu jitsu journey with us. Jiu Jitsu is one of the most accessible martial arts, but will challenge you physically and mentally. - I'm interested in BJJ! How do I start? We have a membership that is a week-long trial called “$7 for 7 days” where you can attend of our classes to see if BJJ is for you! - What should I bring to my first class? If possible, please try to arrive 15 minutes early so the team can get you prepped and get signed up for the class.Flip Flops, slides, or easily removable shoes (Crocs are cool too)Your GI (if you don’t have one we’ve got a few you can borrow) For a NO GI class, a rash guard or a t-shirt and shorts (with no pockets or zippers) Water Bottle - What is a GI? The Gi is a uniform for training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu, adapted from the keikogi (稽古着) used in modern Japanese martial arts. It can be used for control and submissions. - Do I need to buy a GI for my first class? NOPE! We’ve got GIs available to borrow. If you prefer, you are also welcome to attend a NOGI class. Check the schedule to see what works for you! - What is the difference between GI and NO GI? The main difference between Gi and No Gi is in the clothing. Gi jiu jitsu is a grappling style in which you must wear a traditional Gi uniform. The Gi uniform consists of a jacket and pants that are made out of thick cotton.However, Gi is more than just a piece of clothing in jiu jitsu, as it plays a crucial role in the way you carry out the techniques. You can use it to get a hold of the rival, execute various Judo throws, or submit them.“No Gi” is a style in which you don’t have to wear a Gi uniform. Instead, students usually wear clothing made out of elastic materials like polyester. The most popular clothes among No Gi grapplers is the rash guard, but you can also wear regular workout shorts/tights and a T-shirt.

 # SIGN UP TO GET STARTED!

 See the schedule
 See the schedule
