---
source_url: http://www.gbfortmyers.com
final_url: https://www.gbfortmyers.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:33.371Z
---

# GRACIE BARRA FORT MYERS
 ### JIU-JITSU FOR EVERYONE

 Gracie Barra Fort Myers is a leading Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school in Fort Myers, FL. Our state-of-the-art facility offers world-class training in BJJ for students of all levels, from beginner to advanced. Our classes focus on self-defense, physical fitness, and mental discipline, guided by a team of experienced and dedicated professors and coaches. We pride ourselves on fostering a supportive, family-friendly environment where students can grow on and off the mats. Whether you're looking to learn a new skill, improve your fitness, or compete at a high level, Gracie Barra Fort Myers is the place to be. Join our community and experience why we're one of the top BJJ schools in the region.

 ✅

 World-Class Jiu-Jitsu

 ✅

 Discipline & Respect

 ✅

 Family Environment

 ~ Join the Gracie Barra Family ~

 Our Programs

 Gracie Barra Kids

 Jiu-Jitsu Women

 Jiu-Jitsu Fundamentals

 Advanced Jiu-Jitsu

 Expert Jiu-Jitsu

 Connect With Us

 9961 Interstate Commerce Dr #150
 Fort Myers, FL 33913

 (239) 744-7884

 Info@gbfortmyers.com

 - -

 ## Schedule Your Free Class Or Get In Touch Today
 Who is this registration for?
 Gender
 First Name
 Birthday * required

 Last Name
 Phone Number
 Email
 Contact Method?
 How did you hear about us?
 Submit

 ## Confidence. Discipline. Community Their Words, Not Ours.
 "Love love love this gym. Our little one had a somewhat bad experience at a different gym and almost turned her away from even trying jiu-jitsu but when we came to Gracie Barra Fort Myers it turned the whole situation around and she fell in love with it! Asks to go all the time! Going to be a whole family tradition it looks like! Thank you professors!"
 - Jen Mullinax

 ## Benefits of Jiu-Jitsu
 ### Confidence & Mental Resilience
 Build self-confidence, discipline, and the ability to stay calm under pressure—on and off the mats.

 ### Functional Strength & Conditioning
 Develop real-world strength, mobility, balance, and endurance through full-body, functional movement.

 ### Community & Personal Growth
 Be part of a positive team culture that values respect, accountability, and constant progress.

 ## Follow Us On IG -> @gbfortmyers
 ## ​
 ​

 Load More
