---
source_url: https://kamajiujitsu.com
final_url: https://kamajiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:41.071Z
---

- Home - KJJ ONLINE - Schedule - About - Contact - Try a free class - Log In

 Empowering Professionals & Families With
 The Ultimate Self-Defense

 Kama Jiu-Jitsu (formerly known as Rickson Gracie Laguna Niguel, CA) was Grand Master Rickson Gracie’s longest-running Gracie Jiu-Jitsu academy before it was renamed and established as Master David Kama’s Kama Jiu-Jitsu Academy, Rickson Gracie Team, in 2012.

 Learn Online

 A Class for Everybody

 No Matter Your Fitness Level Or Martial Arts Ability, Kama Jiu-Jitsu IsThe Place For You.

 Let's get down!

 Join Us For Live, In Person Classes Or Join Us Virtually At Kama Jiu-Jitsu Online And Start Your Jiu-Jitsu And Self-Defense Journey Today.

 Learn Online

 Karma Senge

 "Kama Jiu-Jitsu is the ONLY place that I would want to learn self-defense from. They are very friendly and are incredibly knowledgable. Best place in Texas hands down!"

 Michael Mitchell

 "By far the best place to train Jiu jitsu and self defense. I've never encountered this level of instruction for people of all skill levels. Great community, great instruction, and the
 cleanest facility l've ever trained in."

 M. Upchurch

 "Me and my kids have been coming with me and it has been amazing for them too! We love it. Would totally
 recommend that you come check it out. There is a great energy here and the instruction is SOLID!"

 # Our Mission

 ## We teach the traditional Gracie Jiu-Jitsu as taught by Gracie Family Champion Rickson Gracie. Not only do we follow his complete curriculum, but we also use a specific, linear methodology to help students learn faster than they thought possible. ## We know our students are busy that’s why we offer flexible class schedules. With three mats, we run multiple classes simultaneously to accommodate busy members and their families.

 Learn Online

 Have fun and get fit!

 Don't Wait Until You "Get Back Into Shape" Before You Come! You Don't Have To Be A Fitness Enthusiast To Come Have Fun With Us! Kama Jiu Jitsu Is All About Getting Your Body Moving, & Learning The BEST Self-Defense System Of Them All! Join us today!

 Learn Online

 - Home - KJJ Online - Schedule - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

 ## © 2024 Kama Jiu-Jitsu, LLC
