---
source_url: http://www.theempirejiujitsu.com/classes
final_url: https://www.theempirejiujitsu.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:01.145Z
---

- Kids Class Embark on a journey of growth and confidence with our specialized no-gi Jiu-Jitsu classes tailored for children aged 5 and up. Our program not only introduces them to the fundamentals of self-defense but also instills qualities of dedication and discipline. Every Friday, we celebrate their hard work with engaging and enjoyable games, creating a supportive and fun environment. If your child has never experienced the world of Jiu-Jitsu and is curious about this empowering sport, bring them in to explore and discover the numerous benefits it can offer. Join us in fostering a sense of achievement, camaraderie, and self-discovery on the mats! - Beginner Class Step into our welcoming environment with our beginner no-gi Jiu-Jitsu class, designed to lay the foundation for your journey in this empowering sport. Learn the essential fundamentals that not only enhance your skills but also boost your confidence on and off the mats. Our dedicated instructors are committed to guiding you every step of the way, ensuring you gain the knowledge to advance to higher levels and participate in our challenging advanced classes. Beyond the techniques, our gym cultivates strong friendships and a supportive community that encourages each member to push their limits. All it takes is commitment and discipline to unlock the full potential of this journey. Come and check it out – the first step to a transformative experience awaits you! - Advanced Class We provide an advanced class tailored for individuals who have dedicated years to their training. In this class, you not only showcase your mastery of the fundamentals but also delve into more complex techniques. At Empire, we take pride in our expertise in the leg lock game, making it an integral part of our curriculum. Within this dynamic team environment, members push each other to excel while simultaneously offering support to ensure everyone grasps the intricacies of the techniques. Our collective goal is to prepare each participant for competitions, fostering a spirit of camaraderie and mutual growth on the journey to martial arts excellence. - Striking Class Dive into the world of striking with our specialized class, tailored to accommodate both beginners and advanced practitioners. Whether you're taking your first steps into the realm of striking or seeking to refine and elevate your existing skills, our class provides a comprehensive and engaging experience. Led by skilled instructors, this class offers a structured curriculum that encompasses fundamental techniques for novices and more advanced strategies for seasoned participants. Unleash your potential in the art of striking, as we cater to all levels of expertise in a supportive and empowering environment. Join us for an exhilarating journey in mastering the nuances of striking! - Privates Ken offers private lessons tailored to your skill level, whether you're just starting out or looking to refine advanced techniques. These personalized sessions focus on helping you perfect your skills, improve your confidence, and deepen your understanding of Jiu-Jitsu. With Ken’s expert guidance and years of competitive experience, you’ll receive focused attention to sharpen your strengths and address specific areas for improvement. Private lessons are an excellent way to accelerate your progress and achieve your goals at your own pace. Please note: all private sessions must be scheduled in advance.
