---
source_url: http://www.tkd-boston.com/childrens-classes/
final_url: http://tkd-boston.com/childrens-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:28.670Z
---

# Children's Classes

 THE CHILDREN’S PROGRAM has been an important part of the curriculum at the Jae Hun Kim Taekwon-do Institute from the start in 1974. The institute was one of the first schools in the U.S. to offer separate children’s classes. The class material is specifically designed to teach authentic Taekwon-do (also known as Korean Karate) to children in a way that makes the learning both efficient and fun. The Black Belt Program classes for children are still taught personally by Grand Master Kim.

 Seven Days a Week

 Jae Hun Kim Taekwon-do Institute offers classes for children seven days a week. These are separate classes specifically designed for children. The classes are divided by the student’s age and skill level. Most children attend two to three classes per week. Instructors at the school would be more than happy to recommend the right class options for your child.

 Introductory Private Lessons

 The institute accepts children from the age of four. We start all new students with introductory private lessons so that your child can learn at his/her own pace. This also allows our instructor staff to provide extra help if needed.

 Qualified Instructors

 All of our instructors are trained personally by Grand Master Jae Hun Kim. Many of them earn a college degree in Taekwon-do before going through our rigorous instructor training program. The instructors at our institute have, on average, more than 25 years of Taekwon-do experience.

 Traditional Taekwon-do

 We have designed the children’s classes to make them more interesting for kids, but we have not changed any of the actual content. So, your child will be learning the real Taekwon-do at our school. As such, your child will earn a Black Belt certificate from the Kukkiwon World Headquarters in Korea when he/she becomes a Black Belt at our school.

 International Exchange Program

 We have schools in the U.S. and at locations across the Pacific, so your child will have opportunities to meet children visiting from those countries. You may even elect to have your child visit one of our overseas schools at some point. All such activities will help your child to better understand different cultures and allow him/her to be more effective in cross cultural environments in the future.

 Benefits of Taekwon-do

 Coordination development, physical fitness, self discipline, respect for parents and teachers, self control, and leadership development, are mentioned by parents as some of the key benefits your child may derive from learning Taekwon-do. Millions of people around the world benefit from practicing this exciting art. We would like to invite your child to join this global community.

 Facebook

 Twitter

 Youtube

 Instagram
