---
source_url: http://www.tkd-boston.com
final_url: https://tkd-boston.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:30.292Z
---

Boston
 102 Brookline Ave
 (617) 266-5050
 Cambridge
 2000 Mass Ave
 (617) 492-5070
 Quincy
 100 Granite St
 (617) 773-2000
 Ashland
 57 Pond St
 (508) 872-2400

 # Jae Hun Kim Taekwon-do Institute – A Worldwide Community of Taekwon-do Excellence.

 Jae Hun Kim Taekwon-do Institute, one of the best known Taekwon-do schools in the country, is located right here in the Boston area. The institute was established in 1974 by Grand Master Jae H. Kim who teaches daily at the institute. Mr. Kim’s teaching style combines an analytical approach acquired through his studies at Western universities, with special expertise developed in the East by Taekwon-do masters. This unique teaching style has garnered much success for the institute which now operates 46 schools in the US, Singapore, South Korea, Ireland, China, Malaysia, Indonesia, and the Philippines.
 The institute is especially well known in the Taekwon-do communities around the world for two of its unique classes. Anyone interested in Taekwon-do “Forms/Patterns” will be delighted to know that the school is recognized as a world leader in Traditional Forms. In fact, Mr. Kim is one of just a handful of active teachers left in the world who had the honor of receiving personal training from the acknowledged founder of Taekwon-do, General Choi. The other class is called Full Range Sparring which utilizes striking as well as grappling techniques. The school has been offering this training long before MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) became popular on TV.
 Most people practice Taekwon-do nowadays for fitness and self defense. The school utilizes a continuous enrollment system which allows you to start your training in Taekwon-do at any time throughout the year. We welcome beginners, as well as people with experience in Karate, Judo, Kung Fu, and other martial arts. New students are given introductory lessons on an individual basis so that the student can practice at his/her own pace. The school encourages prospective students to visit and observe a class, so please call or visit the school if you would like to find out more about Taekwon-do and Jae Hun Kim Taekwon-do Institute.

 ###### ADULT CLASSES

 ###### CHILDREN'S CLASSES

 ###### NEWS & EVENTS

 ###### LOCATIONS & SCHEDULES

 2012 Grand Master of the Year
 ~Taekwondo Times~
 2019 “Living Cultural Treasure” Award Recipient
 ~Taekwondo Times~

 2009 World School of the Year
 ~Mookas Media~
 2019 Top Ranked Kukkiwon Do-Jang
 ~Kukkiwon World Taekwondo Headquarters~

 Facebook

 Twitter

 Youtube

 Instagram
