---
source_url: http://thirdwayjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.thirdwayjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:31.755Z
---

# FIND OUT WHO YOU ARE

 START YOUR JOURNEY
 START YOUR JOURNEY

 At Third Way Jiu Jitsu, we provide a welcoming and inclusive environment for people of all skill levels to learn and practice the art of Jiu Jitsu. Whether you are a beginner seeking self-defense skills or a seasoned practitioner aiming to refine your techniques, our gym is the perfect place.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT US
 LEARN MORE ABOUT US

 ## Benefits of Jiu Jitsu

 BUILD CONFIDENCE & FITNESS
 We all know how important it is to have good muscular and cardiovascular health. Jiu Jitsu can help you reach your fitness goals while learning valuable self-defense skills.

 ACHIEVE YOUR GOALS
 Take the guesswork out of your training. Our professional instructors will help you reach your goals by guiding you through a proven curriculum.

 IMPROVE YOUR MENTAL WELLNESS
 Jiu Jitsu is much more than physical exercise. It forces you to push the limits of problem-solving, coordination, gross and fine motor skills, and strategy. Jiu Jitsu is also a healthy outlet to deal with stress.

 GAIN COMMUNITY
 It can be hard to go to the gym when you're all by yourself. Our classes are fun, but you'll also have a supportive community of positive individuals training right alongside you.

 ## Offering a Wide Variety for all Ages and Experience Levels Our classes cover various Jiu Jitsu techniques and strategies, including takedowns, submissions, and ground control. We offer classes for both adults and children, as we firmly believe that Jiu Jitsu is suitable for people of all ages. Our gym is also equipped with all the necessary equipment, ensuring a comfortable and safe training space for everyone.

 All Levels
 Our All-Levels classes build off our Fundamentals program, taking you beyond the basics into advanced submission grappling. The first half of the class is dedicated to learning intermediate to advanced techniques, and the second half is reserved for open sparring. Our All-Levels classes welcome beginners, but an instructor must approve them before engaging in open sparring.

 Private Lessons
 For those wanting a customized approach to their training, private lessons are available by appointment.

 Kids' Jiu Jitsu
 We love sharing the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with children. The confidence, discipline, self-defense, and teamwork skills they gain in our classes greatly benefit all areas of their lives. We offer kids' jiu jitsu for ages 6-9 and 10-14.

 Fundamentals
 Whether you're new to the art or just looking to hone your skills, our Fundamentals classes reinforce the time-tested concepts and techniques that make Brazilian Jiu Jitsu one of the most effective martial arts in the world. These classes start out with drilling crucial movements, learning foundational techniques, and finishing with some light rounds of controlled sparring.

 Kickboxing
 Learn the exciting art of Muay Thai Kickboxing and get a great workout! Coach T.J. Is a retired professional MMA fighter with expertise in several striking arts. Kids' classes are available for ages 8-14 years, and our adult program is offered for ages 15 and up.

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS
 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 # Ready to Start?

 ## Step 1

 Schedule a Free Class

 Let us know a little about your interests and goals.

 ## Step 2

 Come Check Us Out

 Meet with our instructors, receive a tour and orientation, and try a class.

 ## Step 3

 Begin Your Journey

 See for yourself how starting your Jiu Jitsu journey will enrich your life.

 TRY US FOR FREE
 TRY US FOR FREE

 ## Why We Do What We Do

 “ One of the cleanest gyms you will ever see. The people are welcoming and the instructor takes his time to teach each student individually to work on their own game. ” — Xena A.

 “ A great welcoming gym. Fantastic instruction where you get out what you put in. Best place in town to learn about yourself and grow into the best version of yourself. ” — Allen J.

 “ Studio is very clean and well put together. The owner is knowledgeable and professional. I highly recommend it!!! ” — Amber D.
