---
source_url: http://myerskenpokarate.com
final_url: https://myerskenpokarate.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:25.997Z
---

# Our Kenpo Jiu-Jitsu Academy

 In 2004, Carla Myers purchased the martial arts studio where she was previously a student. She renamed it Myers Kenpo Karate Academy; and for over a decade, she has been serving the Lafayette and West Lafayette community helping hundreds of children, teenagers and adults to develop confidence, respect, focus, concentration, physical fitness and other unique benefits of martial arts education.
 As instructors we make a commitment to our community: We do whatever it takes to help each student become successful not only in martial arts, but also "achieving their black belt and beyond" in every area of life.

 Our martial system is a blending of two practical and robust arts: Ed Parker’s American Kenpo and Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. American Kenpo is internationally recognized as one of the premier stand-up martial arts, well known for its speed and power. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is the current world-leader in grappling and submissions. We teach each art so that it remains true and complete to its unique style, yet combine them in seamless application. The synergy between the two arts is so complete you will not know where one ends and the other begins.

 ### West Lafayette!!!

 Currently accepting children, ages 5 and above in West Lafayette Indiana.
 Friday evenings only, from 5:30pm to 6:30pm at:
 Bharatiya Temple and Cultural Center
 1210 Montgomery Street
 West Lafayette, IN
 Please fill out a FREE TRIAL form to schedule your FREE introductory lesson. ( All West Lafayette introductory lessons are located at the West Lafayette location, and on Fridays only.)

 Free Trial Form

 ### Classes Added

 - Virtual Classes are now available for all age groups!
 - Our new Tiny Tiger classes are specifically designed for children ages 3 and 4. Class for this group is on Tuesday and Thursdays, 5 - 5:25 pm. (Lafayette location only.)
 Students learn improved focus, concentration, coordination, and manners.
 Class for this group is on Tuesday and Thursdays, 5 - 5:25 pm.
 Set up introductory lesson today!

 Book My First Lesson

 ## FREE TRIAL

 Click below to sign up for a free trial lesson!
 You will receive a return email containing a link, so you can conveniently book your lesson directly into the Dojo's schedule.

 Free Trial Form
