---
source_url: https://resolutemartialartsfitness.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://resolutemartialartsfitness.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:21.267Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Oak Ridge ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Take On The Best Ground Grappling In Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are you looking for a better way to train? Then you've come to the right place. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes at Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness can help you challenge your body and your mind like never before.
 This ground-based self-defense system teaches you how to use leverage to overcome a stronger opponent and we're proud to help everyday men and women learn the skills one step at a time.
 Take on the best BJJ training in Oak Ridge and get more from every workout!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Right For You? Did you know that a majority of real-world altercations end up on the ground? Even if you're not interested in competing at the highest levels, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes can equip you with vital self-defense skills for any situation.
 We are proud to offer multiple different sessions each week and we go above and beyond to make our training accessible to all experience levels.
 At Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness, you can:
 - Learn a historically proven self-defense system for men and women to help you get home safely to your family - Learn a dynamic growing sport to help you lose weight, learn about fitness, and grow a competitive spirit - Build camaraderie and lifelong friendships with other men and women with similar goals to become the best versions of themselves
 #### PLUS, You'll Challenge Your Body Like Never Before What's the problem with most fitness routines out there? You get bored and tired of doing the same thing over and over.
 That's where we come in.
 Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes vary week to week, challenging you with new skills and movements. You'll be so focused on perfecting every aspect of the sport that you won't even realize how hard you're working.
 In no time, you can take on:
 - Lean, toned muscle gains - Boosted speed, strength, and agility - Sustainable fat burn and healthy weight loss - A well-rounded athleticism
 #### #### Take On The Challenge Today! Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Great For Everyone In Oak Ridge Whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced fighter, we're proud to help you improve each and every day. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Oak Ridge are a great way to build confidence, improve your fitness level, and stay prepared for any real-world altercation.
 Learn more about everything we have to offer at Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness by simply filling out the short form on your screen now!
 Get more information now!

 ## Experience The Top Choice For Martial Arts, BJJ, and Kickboxing in Oak Ridge Request information

 Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness is the place to go if you want to sharpen your skills in many ways. Training here has aloud me to gain the skills necessary to survive and help others in need. It has sharpened my awareness to my surroundings, the ability to continue in uncomfortable situations, and to keep going and stand strong even after getting kicked in the face. I fully recommend picking Cody, and his gym, for training.

 We absolutely love Resolute Martial Arts. Our 10 year old son is enrolled in the kids Jiu-jitsu class. We have noticed since he started that he has better focus in his school work and other activities. Cody and his instructors are so good with the kids. They even host Parents Nights Out, which the kids LOVE. I highly recommend checking them out if you are looking for training.

 Cody Jordan is by far one of the best instructors I have ever known. He is wonderful with my kids and does a great job keeping them engaged in a way where they have a tremendous amount of fun and learn crucial skills that will benefit them as they get older.
 I have also had the pleasure of training with him in Jiu Jitsu and his knowledge and expertise are far above his years in the disciplines he teaches. I can’t think of anyone better to teach in Oak Ridge for self-defense and combat sports. He is very passionate about his work and extremely knowledgeable. I can’t imagine anyone being disappointed with his program.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
