---
source_url: https://resolutemartialartsfitness.com/Home/Schedule
final_url: https://resolutemartialartsfitness.com/Home/Schedule
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:21.457Z
---

# Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness Schedule ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 Print

 NO GI on Monday and Wednesday

 ## Experience The Top Choice For Martial Arts, BJJ, and Kickboxing in Oak Ridge Request information

 Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness is the place to go if you want to sharpen your skills in many ways. Training here has aloud me to gain the skills necessary to survive and help others in need. It has sharpened my awareness to my surroundings, the ability to continue in uncomfortable situations, and to keep going and stand strong even after getting kicked in the face. I fully recommend picking Cody, and his gym, for training.

 We absolutely love Resolute Martial Arts. Our 10 year old son is enrolled in the kids Jiu-jitsu class. We have noticed since he started that he has better focus in his school work and other activities. Cody and his instructors are so good with the kids. They even host Parents Nights Out, which the kids LOVE. I highly recommend checking them out if you are looking for training.

 Cody Jordan is by far one of the best instructors I have ever known. He is wonderful with my kids and does a great job keeping them engaged in a way where they have a tremendous amount of fun and learn crucial skills that will benefit them as they get older.
 I have also had the pleasure of training with him in Jiu Jitsu and his knowledge and expertise are far above his years in the disciplines he teaches. I can’t think of anyone better to teach in Oak Ridge for self-defense and combat sports. He is very passionate about his work and extremely knowledgeable. I can’t imagine anyone being disappointed with his program.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
