---
source_url: https://resolutemartialartsfitness.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://resolutemartialartsfitness.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:21.643Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Oak Ridge ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Help Your Child Build Confidence And Strength In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Prepare your child for any challenge life throws their way with our diverse and creative Kids Martial Arts Classes in Oak Ridge. Focusing specifically on the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, these traditional Gi classes build up students ages 3 to 13 years old through positive reinforcement and exciting classes that are always changing.
 At Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness, we are committed to helping children of all backgrounds and abilities learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do.
 Get more information now!

 #### #### Your Child Can Master Every Aspect Of BJJ In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Brazilian Jiu Jitsu teaches students to overcome an opponent's size and strength by establishing superior technique and leverage.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Oak Ridge will teach your child all the basics of BJJ in a safe and secure environment, helping them progress through the system with a series of accomplishments and celebrations.
 Your child will quickly learn how to face down a bully with effective conflict resolution strategies - avoiding physical interactions at all costs. But when it's unavoidable, your child will also be prepared to defend themselves and their friends.
 In our exciting Kids Martial Arts classes, we help children build:
 - Strength and coordination - Improved athleticism - Speed, agility, and flexibility - Complete confidence in themselves and their skillset
 #### PLUS Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Oak Ridge Offer Life Skills That Will Serve Your Child For Years To Come Whether your child goes on to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a professional athlete, they'll need a core set of character traits to serve them along the way. At Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness, we pride ourselves in not just teaching reliable, proven, and kid-friendly martial arts. We also heavily emphasize life skills that will transition not just on the martial arts mats, but off the martial arts mats as well.

 In no time, your child can develop life skills such as:
 - Social skills such as respect for others, discipline, self-control, communication, leadership, and teamwork skills. - Physical skills such as balance, fitness, and coordination. - Mental skills such as focus, memory, confidence, determination, and toughness.
 Our Kids Martial Arts instructors are dedicated to making each and every class fun, keeping our students motivated from start to finish. And with the help of fundamental BJJ instruction, we help children take pride in the learning process and find the strategies that work best for them.
 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness aren't just about learning self defense! Kids will also learn ⬇️
 - Fitness - Discipline - Self-Control - Balance - Respect - Focus - Teamwork - Memory - Confidence - Leadership - Toughness
 We feel confident that with these life skills that your child will learn on our martial arts mats, they will be prepared for school, socializing, homework, and how to handle bullying, and probably every parent’s dream, how to behave. Giving them the gift of learning martial arts at a young age will help them remember all of the life skills that martial arts taught them when they grow into their adult life. Giving them the upper hand in whatever path they decide to take in life over the other adults who did not take martial arts when they were a kid.
 #### #### Get Started Today Or Learn More About The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Oak Ridge Don't let your child struggle to find their footing. At Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness, we are here to help students of all ages and abilities take pride in what they do and develop vital self-defense skills along the way. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes are helping young students develop all the tools they need to succeed. Your child could be next.
 Ready to get started? Simply click the button below to sign up your child for a FREE week of Kids Martial Arts Classes!
 Claim Your Free 1 Week Trial

 ## Experience The Top Choice For Martial Arts, BJJ, and Kickboxing in Oak Ridge Request information

 Resolute Martial Arts & Fitness is the place to go if you want to sharpen your skills in many ways. Training here has aloud me to gain the skills necessary to survive and help others in need. It has sharpened my awareness to my surroundings, the ability to continue in uncomfortable situations, and to keep going and stand strong even after getting kicked in the face. I fully recommend picking Cody, and his gym, for training.

 We absolutely love Resolute Martial Arts. Our 10 year old son is enrolled in the kids Jiu-jitsu class. We have noticed since he started that he has better focus in his school work and other activities. Cody and his instructors are so good with the kids. They even host Parents Nights Out, which the kids LOVE. I highly recommend checking them out if you are looking for training.

 Cody Jordan is by far one of the best instructors I have ever known. He is wonderful with my kids and does a great job keeping them engaged in a way where they have a tremendous amount of fun and learn crucial skills that will benefit them as they get older.
 I have also had the pleasure of training with him in Jiu Jitsu and his knowledge and expertise are far above his years in the disciplines he teaches. I can’t think of anyone better to teach in Oak Ridge for self-defense and combat sports. He is very passionate about his work and extremely knowledgeable. I can’t imagine anyone being disappointed with his program.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
