---
source_url: http://www.thedojonyc.com
final_url: https://www.thedojonyc.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:13.509Z
---

Slide 1 Slide 1 (current slide) Slide 2 Slide 2 (current slide) Slide 3 Slide 3 (current slide) Slide 4 Slide 4 (current slide) Slide 5 Slide 5 (current slide)

 # Welcometo the dojo

 Your Journey Starts Today – If you’re looking to flip your fitness routine upside down, look no further. At The Dojo, we believe that anyone is capable of success. The arts of Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai are not just amazing for the body, but they also cultivate the mind too. The Dojo’s programs will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment.

 GET STARTED TODAY
 GET STARTED TODAY

 ## COBRINHA family

 The Dojo is proudly part of the Cobrinha BJJ family — a global network of academies led by world champion Rubens “Cobrinha” Charles. As part of the Cobrinha family, The Dojo follows Cobrinha’s philosophy of discipline, technique, and respect, maintaining high standards of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction. This connection not only ensures technical consistency and lineage under one of the most respected figures in the sport but also provides students with access to a broader community of practitioners, seminars, and competition opportunities around the world. Our founder, Gabriel Marte, has carried the lessons learned under the tutelage of Prof. Charles not just in the formation of this academy but in everyday life.

 # FREE

 # TRIAL

 GET STARTED TODAY
 GET STARTED TODAY

 # PROGRAMS
 # PROGRAMS

 - Kids Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a great activity for kids! It teaches self-defense through technique and leverage, helping smaller individuals handle larger opponents. Beyond that, BJJ builds confidence, discipline, focus, and respect. Book a Free Trial - Adult Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) has grown in popularity for good reason. Unlike striking-based martial arts like Karate or Taekwondo, BJJ focuses on grappling and ground control. It not only improves fitness and self-defense skills but also helps reduce stress and build mental resilience. Book a Free Trial - Muay Thai In The Dojo’s Muay Thai class, you’ll be using all eight contact points for punches, knee strikes, elbow strikes, kicks, and more. If you’re looking for something that will challenge what you think you know about martial arts, you’ve come to the right place. Book a Free Trial - Nogi Grappling No matter your martial art, our No-Gi Grappling class is the perfect complement to your training. You’ll learn essential techniques like throws, takedowns, and pins—skills that build a strong foundation and enhance performance across all disciplines. Book a Free Trial - JUDO Judo at The Dojo offers a dynamic program that blends traditional techniques with modern judo and jiu-jitsu concepts. Beyond technical skill, training focuses on building fitness, resilience, and respect—creating a supportive space where students grow both on and off the mats. Book a Free Trial

 ## schedule

 View fullsize

 # CONTACT us

 ## 32 gardner avebrooklynny 11237

 # Jiu Jitsu - Wrestling - Muay Thai - Judo # -
 # Jiu Jitsu - Wrestling - Muay Thai - Judo -
