---
source_url: https://armlock.com/areas-served/jiu-jitsu-classes-self-defense-glen-rock-nj/
final_url: https://armlock.com/areas-served/jiu-jitsu-classes-self-defense-glen-rock-nj/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:16.754Z
---

# Jiu-Jitsu Classes and Self Defense in Glen Rock, NJ 07452 Free Trial Class schedule

 The staff at Performance Jiu Jitsu are pleased to offer Jiu-Jitsu classes and Self Defense in Glen Rock, NJ and all of the surrounding areas . We have classes for children age 5 to adult. When looking for New Jersey Jiu Jitsu classes, whether you are a beginner or already have experience, we have an option for you. Training in martial arts has several benefits, so come join us and see for yourself.
 ### Offering Classes In Self-Defense and Jiu-Jitsu Jiu-Jitsu is a great way to learn focus, deal with stress, and gain confidence. It is also a great workout that can help you lose weight and tone your muscles. Classes are available during the day and evenings as well as weekends to fit into your busy schedule. Our martial arts classes will challenge you to do your best, so you can be your best.
 Our classes will teach you grappling and ground fighting moves. If you are interested in Jiu-Jitsu but want to focus on personal safety, we offer self-defense classes . These classes will teach you real-world self-defense and are a great tool for law enforcement officers and people in security. Men, women, and children in any walk of life will benefit from the confidence that comes from learning to defend themselves.
 ### Welcoming Our Neighbors in Glen Rock We look forward to teaching students from Glen Rock, NJ 07452 the art of Jiu-Jitsu. Located in Bergen County, the borough gets its name from a large boulder that weighs 570 short tons. You can see the rock for yourself at the intersection of Rock Rd and Doremus Avenue.
 There are also several parks to enjoy in the area including Diamond Brook Park and Wilde Memorial Park. Part of the Saddle River Pathway is also located in the area. Find more information about the borough and its community events on their website . You can also find and connect with area businesses with the Glen Rock Chamber of Commerce .
 ### Get Started with New Jersey Jiu Jitsu Classes Today! If you are interested in registering for a class, give us a call for more information. The team at Performance Jiu Jitsu will answer your questions and help you join a martial arts class. Contact us today!

 # Testimonials Levon Arvanian 05:57 06 Nov 24

 Great workout. Everyone is very friendly. You get the chance to roll with higher belts who are all very courteous and always try to advise and help.

 Stephanie Antonova 02:25 26 Aug 24

 I tried a few classes at another bjj school in NJ, but after one class here I knew it was the one for me. The instructors are great and so is the usual crowd. Everyone is friendly, patient, and understanding. It felt like I found a new little community. On top of that I come out of every class feeing like I learned something new. Truly a great place with the best people. 10/10 would recommend.

 Avik Mkrtchian 16:06 11 Aug 24

 Great all around school. I started two years ago with zero experience. Lou is very good at teaching techniques and very professional. Plenty of class options available to fit anyone’s schedule. Highly recommend for people looking to get in shape and learn self defense.

 Yuliya Kanatova 20:00 07 Aug 24

 Jason Plata 23:44 01 Aug 24

 I have been training at Performance Jiu-Jitsu for many years and it has been an exceptional experience. From the moment I walked in, I felt welcomed by both the instructors and fellow students. The environment is friendly catering to practitioners of all levels—from beginners to advanced competitors.
 The instructors are highly skilled and possess a deep understanding of Jiu-Jitsu. They are patient, approachable, and excellent at breaking down complex techniques into manageable steps. Each class is structured to maximize learning, and they ensure that every student gets personalized attention.
 The curriculum is well-rounded and comprehensive. It covers a wide range of techniques, from basic fundamentals to advanced submissions and transitions. The school also offers specialized classes, such as self-defense and no-gi training, which enhance the overall learning experience.

 Michael Moles 00:14 07 Jul 23

 If you want Top-Quality, Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training, Performance Jiu-Jitsu is the place to train. Prof. Louis is an Excellent and Patient instructor, and training here will definitely change you life for the better. Try a Free Trial Class and you will say to yourself, “I wished I had started training here earlier in my life”.

 Try it! You will not be disappointed!

 Best, Crusher

 Brian C Ward 02:06 01 Mar 22

 PJJ is my gym, therapy and social club. You’ll meet the greatest friends, lose weight, gain endurance and reduce stress. Changed my life…????????.

 Adam Kunkis, MD, MBA 21:05 30 Apr 21

 Have been there three months so far. The head instructor Lou is extremely professional and welcoming. The atmosphere is very supportive, members all strive to help each other learn and grow as Jiu Jitsu martial artists. I originally joined to get into shape and lose some weight. In doing so, I have found BJJ to be both physically AND mentally interesting, fortifying, strengthening, as it tests your capacity to learn and grow in multiple dimensions. Would recommend to anyone.

 Carlos Ruiz 23:51 02 Mar 21

 Professor Lou’s teaching style is excellent, and he really takes his time to give everyone individual attention when there’s something that can be corrected in your game. Great atmosphere, everyone is helpful, humble, and respectful. Honestly one of my favorites places to be on any given day.

 Tasca Elizabeth 01:45 20 Nov 20

 I’ve been a member of PJJ for about 3 months and I can’t get enough. The instruction from professor Lou and the help of everyone is class is second to none. I have learned so much in such a short amount of time, I’m moving my body more than I have in a while, and my stress levels are way down. It’s a great physical and mental workout. 11/10 recommend!!

 Gevorg Martirosyan 01:35 11 Nov 20

 If you are looking for the best Martial art school in the area - look no more, you found it. There are classes for all levels of skill and classes for kids. Amazing training partners and friendly atmosphere included.

 More Testimonials

 ## Get Your Free Trial Class!
 URL This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 Full Name Full Name
 Email
 Phone

 ## Get started with a free trial class today! The best way to find out if Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is right for you is to try it out right here in our academy. Sign up today for a free trial class and see for yourself why Performance Jiu-Jitsu in Fair Lawn, NJ, is your best option for physical fitness, confidence, and self-defense.

 Fill out the form and we'll reach out to get you scheduled for the class that's best for your schedule.

 Or call us now at (201) 390-5229

 © 2026 Performance Jiu-Jitsu | Privacy Policy | Website & SEO by Jiu-Jitsu Advertising | Areas Served | Sitemap

 Call Now Button
