---
source_url: http://southsidemartialarts.com/service-Open-Mat
final_url: https://southsidemartialarts.com/service-Open-Mat
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:32.500Z
---

Services # Open Mat Open Mat is a service we offer which allows homeowners the opportunity to come in and use our mats for free. This is a great way to get some exercise, learn self-defense, or simply have some fun!

 Sign Up Today!
 (515) 571-1352

 Southside Martial Arts offers Open Mat service which is a great opportunity to train and roll with other people. This is a great way to meet new people, learn new techniques, and improve your skills. The Open Mat is a safe and friendly environment where you can practice your techniques without having to worry about getting injured. Southside Martial Arts offers a variety of classes that are perfect for all skill levels. If you are looking for an opportunity to improve your skills, then I highly recommend booking an Open Mat service provided by Southside Martial Arts.If you are looking for a unique and exciting experience, look no further than Open Mat at Southside Martial Arts. Our company provides professional-level instruction in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Mixed Martial Arts. Our services are perfect for anyone who is looking to improve their fitness level, learn self-defense techniques, or just have some fun!

 Our team of highly-skilled instructors will help you achieve your goals and provide you with the tools you need to succeed. We offer a variety of programs that cater to all skill levels, so whether you are a beginner or an experienced martial artist, we have something for you!

 What sets our company apart from the competition is our focus on providing a safe and welcoming environment. We want everyone who walks through our doors to feel comfortable and confident in their abilities. We also believe that training should be fun and enjoyable, so we make sure to keep things exciting with plenty of challenges and competitions.

 If you are looking for an amazing martial arts experience, then Open Mat at Southside Martial Arts is the place for you! Contact us today to learn more about our services or schedule your first class!

 ## Testimonials & Reviews Don't just take our word for it

 Leave us a review on Google Leave us a review on Facebook Leave us a review on Facebook

 Areas we proudly serve
 Fort Dodge

 ## Ready to get started? Book an appointment today. Sign Up Today!
 (515) 571-1352
