---
source_url: http://southsidemartialarts.com/service-Youth-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://southsidemartialarts.com/service-Youth-Gi-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:32.672Z
---

Services # Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu Our Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu service provides children with a fun and safe way to learn the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our highly experienced instructors use positive reinforcement and age-appropriate techniques to help your child develop discipline, self-confidence, and respect.

 Sign Up Today!
 (515) 571-1352

 Southside Martial Arts is a company that provides Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu services. Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu is a martial art that focuses on ground fighting and grappling. This martial art can be used for self-defense, sport, and fitness purposes. Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu can be beneficial for children because it can help teach them discipline, focus, and respect. In addition, Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu can also help improve their physical fitness and coordination. If you are looking for a martial art to enroll your child in, I would recommend Southside Martial Arts' Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu program.The Youth Gi Jiu Jitsu service offered by Southside Martial Arts is a great way to introduce children to the world of martial arts. The program is designed for kids ages 4-12, and provides a fun and safe environment for learning and practicing martial arts.

 The instructors at Southside Martial Arts are experienced, and we take pride in providing a positive learning experience for their students. The program emphasizes discipline, character development, and self-defense skills.

 Gi Jiu Jitsu is a great way for kids to stay active, learn self-defense skills, and build confidence. The program at Southside Martial Arts is affordable, convenient, and fun - so it's the perfect choice for parents looking for a quality martial arts program for their children.

 ## Testimonials & Reviews Don't just take our word for it

 Leave us a review on Google Leave us a review on Facebook Leave us a review on Facebook

 Areas we proudly serve
 Fort Dodge

 ## Ready to get started? Book an appointment today. Sign Up Today!
 (515) 571-1352
