---
source_url: https://firstorderjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://firstorderjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:14.299Z
---

(786)420-9323

 First Order of Jiu-Jitsu12039 Sw 132nd ct. #26Miami, Fl 33186First Order of Jiu-Jitsu
12039 Sw 132nd ct. #26
Miami, Fl 33186First Order of Jiu-Jitsu
12039 Sw 132nd ct. #26
Miami, Fl 33186First Order of Jiu-Jitsu
12039 Sw 132nd ct. #26
Miami, Fl 33186

 # Empower Your Mind and Body Empower Your Mind and Body Empower Your Mind and Body Empower Your Mind and Body

 Join our community for expert martial arts training.

 Start Your Journey

 #### Our Mission Welcome! We’re thrilled to have you join our Jiu-Jitsu family. Whether you're stepping onto the mats for the first time or continuing your martial arts journey, you've just taken a powerful step toward personal growth, discipline, and resilience.
 Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a sport—it’s a lifestyle. It teaches you how to stay calm under pressure, think strategically, and push past your limits. You’ll sweat, struggle, and sometimes feel like you’re starting from scratch. But you’ll also grow stronger, more confident, and more connected—with yourself and with your teammates.
 Here’s what you can expect:
 · Supportive Community : We train hard, but we lift each other up even harder.
 · Structured Learning : Our curriculum is designed to help you build solid fundamentals and progress at your own pace.
 · Respect & Humility : Every belt color represents a journey. No ego, just effort.
 · Fun & Challenge : You’ll laugh, you’ll learn,
 We encourage you to ask questions, stay curious, and embrace the grind. Every lesson, and every class, is a chance to improve. Your journey starts now—and we’re honored to be part of it. We have attach additional information to help you out in the jiu-jitsu journey.
 See you on the mats!
 Respectfully,
 Michael Fernandez

 ### Our Partners - - - - - - -

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Decline Accept
