---
source_url: https://www.newbornjiujitsuspokane.com
final_url: https://newbornjiujitsuspokane.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:37.253Z
---

## Learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Self-Defense at Spokane’s top rated gym

 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Muay Thai

 Try a FREE class today!

 ### "I searched for several years for a jiujitsu school in Spokane..."

 “Fantastic school for the entire family. I searched for several years for a jiujitsu school in Spokane and wasn’t happy until I found this one. The kid classes are a ton of fun. The adult classes are challenging and at the same time foster a learning environment. No ego in here, which is common in many gyms, and every student and teacher is there to help you learn, not to beat you down. These classes are great exercise and excellent self defense training!”

 ##### ~ Opal Harbert ~

 ### Getting started is easy

 #### 1: sign up Signing up for a class is easy. Fill out the form below and we will contact you for a free class.

 ### 2: try a class We will contact you to setup a class that will work best with your schedule.

 ### 3: have fun Come in and watch your confidence grow as you begin to understand the real value in Jiu-Jitsu/Muay Thai.

 “Without question, the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Eastern Washington. James Weed (Black Belt under Walter “Cascao” Vital) is a great teacher and an even better person. If you’re looking to compete in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, there are several World Champions training at Newborn-Cascao. If you’re looking for fitness or self defense, there are plenty of weekend warriors who are always there to welcome you to the team. If you’re looking for a place to bring your children, there is not a more patient teacher in Spokane than Coach James and Coach Sarah. Definitely stop by and try a class!”

 Jason Smith

 ### Try a class

 Your Email *

 Your Name *

 Phone *

 Age *

 Interested in: *

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Muay Thai Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai

 Prior Experience *

 Describe your prior Jiu Jitsu experience, if any

 Submit
