---
source_url: http://www.roycegraciect.com
final_url: https://www.roycegraciect.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:38.172Z
---

Skip to content # #1 FOR SELF DEFENSE

 # ROYCE GRACIEBrazilian JIU JITSUGLASTONBURY, CT

 ###### The martial art that changed the world

 ## ROYCE GRACIE Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is for YOU

 - Learn Real World Self Defense - Get Physically Fit - Lose Weight - Join a Community - Gain Confidence - Relieve Stress

 - We will teach you applicable, real world self defense - Get you into the best shape of your life, while not even noticing you are exercising - Boost young kids confidence, self esteem, and build discipline

 Read why Royce Gracie Jiu Jitsu is the ULTIMATE for self defense

 The TRUTH about Self Defense

 ## Grandmaster Helio's original self defense system

 Royce Gracie Brazilian JiuJitsu Academy of Glastonbury offers a comprehensive, multi-level Gracie jiu jitsu curriculum developed by Royce Gracie, adhering closely to his teachings for all experience levels.
 Our program includes hundreds of techniques that could be crucial in real-world situations, covering self-defense, grappling, weapon defense, law enforcement/military applications, and a curriculum for kids.
 Originally, Grandmaster Helio’s self-defense system was only available through private lessons. Royce Gracie created our program to allow students to learn his father’s techniques in a group setting.
 This is the official curriculum of the Royce Gracie jiu jitsu Network.

 ### UFC Legend Royce Gracie

 Royce Gracie Seminar at our school

 ## The official ROYCE GRACIE BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU CURRICULUM

 Royce Gracie jiu jitsu Academy of Glastonbury employs a complete multi-level Gracie Brazilian Jiu Jitsu curriculum developed by Royce Gracie that strictly follows the teaching of his brazilian jiu jitsu for all experience levels. It includes hundreds of techniques that could literally save your life during a real-world street confrontation. Self-defense, grappling, weapon defense, law enforcement/military, and a kid’s curriculum are all included in our programming.
 Originally Grandmaster Helio’s self-defense system was only taught through private lessons. Royce Gracie developed our program to give students the opportunity to learn his father’s system through group lessons.
 This is the only official curriculum of the Royce Gracie jiu jitsu Network.

 #### *Four Black Belts on Staff

 ## We are the only Royce Gracie affiliated school in Glastonbury, CT

 ### Train under the lineage of UFC Hall of Fame legend Master Royce Gracie

 ### You know you're getting legitimate instruction from true Royce Gracie Instructors

 Royce Gracie jiu jitsu instructors are unique due to their direct lineage to the Gracie family, which pioneered Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
 They emphasize fundamental techniques and self-defense, teaching methods that reflect Royce Gracie’s emphasis on efficiency, leverage, and practical application for all body types.
 Their structured curriculum, rooted in traditional principles and the historical context of the art, ensures a comprehensive and authentic training experience.

 - Family Owned Business - Female Instruction Available

 # PROGRAMS

 Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Adults Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Private Instruction

 # Testimonials

 # Our Facilities

 #### An empowering place for kids and adults to unlock their potential

 #### Training grounds that let students discover and learn

 #### A clean and organized space to help students become more productive

 # Frequently Asked Questions

 #### What is Royce Gracie Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (RGJJ)? Royce Gracie Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (RGJJ) is a martial art that focuses on five elements: defenses to standing attacks, striking and clinching to strikes, takedowns and throws, grappling/ground fighting techniques and philosophy. It emphasizes the use of leverage, technique, and strategy to control and submit opponents, making it effective for self-defense and competition.

 #### Do I need prior experience to join? No prior experience is required! Our classes cater to all skill levels, from complete beginners to advanced practitioners. Our instructors will guide you at your own pace.

 #### What should I wear to my first class? For your first class, wear comfortable athletic clothing such as a t-shirt and shorts or leggings. We will lend you or your child a uniform for the first class! Be sure to bring a water bottle. You will find Royce Gracie Glastonbury has martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun!

 #### How often should I train? Training frequency depends on your goals and schedule. Beginners may start with 2-3 classes per week, while advanced students often train daily. Consistency is key!

 #### Will my child become a bully? We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons. Students learn how to communicate well with their peers, and to work through challenging situations calmly without resorting to physical interactions unless necessary.

 #### How do I sign up for a free trial class? Fill in the FREE TRIAL form or send us a text at 860-879-8352. Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Glastonbury martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 #### Are parents allowed to watch? We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids’ martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better, join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond! Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee or do your grocery shopping. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 #### I’m not very sporty or coordinated, will that be a problem? Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in! Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors are trained to keep their teaching simple and easy to follow. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop complex skills over time! Come see for yourself!

 #### Is Brazilian Jiu Jitsu safe? Yes! Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is designed to be a controlled and safe martial art. Our instructors emphasize proper technique, controlled sparring, and injury prevention. However, as with any sport, minor injuries may occur. We have many professionals training with us, from doctors to teacher and lawyers. We all need to show up for work in one piece, and prioritize training safely above all else.

 #### Will I have to spar (roll) in my first class? No, beginners are not required to spar in their first class. You will first learn fundamental techniques before gradually participating in live training (rolling) after you master the basics.

 #### What age groups do you offer classes for? We offer classes for children, teens, and adults. Our kids’ programs start as young as 5 years old, and we have adult classes for all age groups

 #### How long does it take to get a black belt in RGJJ? BJJ belts are earned through consistent training, skill development, and dedication. It takes a minimum of 10-12 years to achieve a black belt, though the timeline varies for each individual. Once you get started, you’ll begin to see that brazilian jiu jitsu is about the journey, not the color of your belt!

 #### Can I train brazilian jiu jitsu for self-defense? Absolutely! Royce Gracie brazilian jiu jitsu is one of the most effective martial arts for real-world self-defense. Our curriculum includes practical self-defense techniques that are useful in real-life situations.

 #### How do I sign up for a class? You can sign up by visiting our website, calling our front desk, or stopping by the academy in person.

 #### Do you have a code of conduct? Yes. We prioritize respect, discipline, safety, and sportsmanship. Students must follow hygiene guidelines, wear clean uniforms, and respect instructors and training partners at all times.

 #### Can I watch a class before joining? Yes! We encourage potential students to watch a class to get a feel for the training environment. Feel free to stop by and observe before deciding to join.

 #### How do I stay updated on school events and announcements? We provide updates via our website, and social media pages. Be sure to follow us and stay connected!

 #### If you have any further questions, feel free to contact us or visit our academy. We look forward to training with you

 Start your Free Trial
