---
source_url: http://atlantajudomidtown.com/page/judoprograms
final_url: https://www.atlantajudomidtown.com/page/judoprograms
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:27.795Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 Request Our Starter Kit
 How Judo Helps Kids:
 There are many benefits of martial arts for kids. Those most commonly noted are; improved motor coordination, increased self esteem, and respect for others. A study by Robert S. Nishime, M.D. titled “Health Benefits & Risks in the Young Judo Athlete” states that “Anecdotal evidence and expert opinions consider judo to be a positive mean towards achieving comprehensive wellness and an enhanced lifestyle.”

 Judoka of all ages experience physical and mental benefits through the anaerobic and aerobic components of Judo. In layman’s terms, playing judo is like lifting weights and running at the same time (Nishimi, MD Robert S.). Judo is dynamic, but generally quite safe- the first skills a student will learn are how to fall safely. Furthermore, we encourage mutual respect and cooperation; how to work well with partners is embodied by the philosophy of Judo in Jita- Kyoei (Mutual welfare and benefit).

 Age Levels
 We generally accept kids from 5 to 15 years of age for the cadet program. Depending on their skill and size, they may be eligible to participate in the adult class around age 13. Our youngest beginners participate in the Judo for Littles class. As they become accustomed to class, we gradually increase their mat time to the full hour class period.

 Competition
 Competition is entirely voluntary. In competitions, the student’s attitude and willingness to be coached are our main focus. The kids that do chose to compete for AJM compete at local, national, and international levels. We provide USA Judo Certified Coaches for local tournaments, and when schedules permit, a traveling coach for national and international competitions.

 Promotions
 We promote on a colored belt system, and follow specific curriculum for each level. AJM focuses on growth over proficiency. This entails that instead of promoting at predetermined times, we test the individual when they not only have appropriate time in grade but also demonstrate sufficient knowledge of the material and positive attitude towards growth.

 How Judo Helps Adults:
 Judo practitioners of all ages experience physical and mental benefits through anaerobic and aerobic components. In layman’s terms, playing judo is like lifting weights and running at the same time (Nishimi, MD Robert S.). The mental and physical health aspects benefit all ages and all skill levels. There are no kicks or punches in this grappling art, and the first thing one learns is how to fall safely. With safety in mind, we encourage our players to train at near one hundred percent of exertion with actual people. We teach ground and standing techniques which make judo a very effective form of self-defense.

 Age & Experience
 AJM accepts beginners of all ages and fitness levels to join, as well as players who are returning to the mat after an time away. We welcome those with little experience and those with wisdom to share.

 Competition
 Competition is entirely voluntary and is a fun and challenging aspect of the martial art. The adults that do choose to compete for AJM compete at local, national, and international levels. We provide USA Judo Certified Coaches for local tournaments, and when schedules permit, a traveling coach for national and international competitions.

 Background Checks
 Atlanta Judo Midtown requires current background checks for all monthly members 18 years of age or older. Background checks must be done through USA Judo, all other submissions will NOT be reviewed. Only serious crimes of moral turpitude will preclude someone from membership at AJM. All results are kept confidential. Background checks from other entities are not acceptable.

 Promotions
 We promote on a colored belt system, and follow specific curriculum for each level. AJM focuses on growth over proficiency. This entails that instead of promoting at predetermined times, we test the individual when they not only have appropriate time in grade but also demonstrate sufficient knowledge of the material and positive attitude towards growth.

 Contact Us! # Contact Us! Have questions about our schedule or memberships? Reach out and someone will get back to you within 24 hours.
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment Get in touch
 Thanks for reaching out to AJM! Someone from the dojo will reach back out soon.

 - Phone (404) 343-6286 - Address 2213 Faulkner Rd NE Atlanta, GA 30324 - Email contact@atlantajudomidtown.com
 - © Atlanta Judo Midtown - - Powered by Gymdesk
