---
source_url: http://atlantajudomidtown.com
final_url: https://www.atlantajudomidtown.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:27.952Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Welcome to Atlanta Judo Midtown

 For over 30 years, Atlanta Judo Midtown has offered high-level Judo instruction to the Atlanta community. Rooted in the spirit of Judo, maximum efficiency with mutual benefit, our dojo welcomes both beginners and experienced students.

 AJM is home to recreational and competitive Judoka, professional stunt performers , families, and seniors looking to build confidence through movement.

 Whether it’s a child learning discipline, an adult exploring martial arts, or a senior building resilience, AJM is a space to grow safely, skillfully, and at your own pace.

 AJM Programs:
 Kids Judo | Adult Judo | The Falling Class

 The Falling Class

 The Falling Class is a skill-based training program that teaches active adults over 55 how to fall safely. Using progressive, science-based techniques adapted from judo and stunt training, the program demystifies the mechanics of falling through low-impact, game-based activities.

 The program combines proven safe-falling techniques with strength and balance training, all rooted in the core principles of judo. Whether you’re navigating stairs, walking the dog, or stumbling over a curb, everyone can expect to fall at some point. So, why not learn how to fall correctly?
 The Falling Class Info

 Our Judo Programs
 Learn More About Judo

 Read AJM Reviews
 Follow us on Instagram

 Shop the AJM Store
 Meet our Instructors

 ## Request the Starter Kit! Looking for information about Atlanta Judo Midtown? We've got you covered! Fill out the form, and you will immediately receive our Starter Kit, which shares more about Judo, our dojo, membership options, member reviews, and more. Unsubscribe at any time.

 Your Name

 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Get our Starter Kit
 Thank you for filling out the form. Check your inbox for our Starter Kit, and reach out to contact@atlantajudomidtown.com if you have any questions.

 Contact Us! # Contact Us! Have questions about our schedule or memberships? Reach out and someone will get back to you within 24 hours.
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment Get in touch
 Thanks for reaching out to AJM! Someone from the dojo will reach back out soon.

 - Phone (404) 343-6286 - Address 2213 Faulkner Rd NE Atlanta, GA 30324 - Email contact@atlantajudomidtown.com
 - © Atlanta Judo Midtown - - Powered by Gymdesk
