---
source_url: http://battlecontrolmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.battlecontrolmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:32.882Z
---

##### TESTIMONIES
 Coach Greg has significantly helped me strengthen my grappling game and as a biproduct I've improved the health of my body and mind.
 Battle Control has been my 2nd home since 2008, and since then I've not only seen my own grappling improvements but also improvements in the talented group of training partners that I train with.
 With its' focused atmosphere and strong comradery, Battle Control MMA has built and is building solid well rounded grapplers. "
 Oscar Leon

 I began training at Battle Control under the coaching and mentoring of Sir Greg Lara in 2014. I was 34 with Zero BJJ training, was over weight and suffering from depression. Sir Greg runs a dojo that builds you in more than just BJJ. Sir Lara shows real interest and investment in each of his students and promotes an environment that is edifying and welcoming. If you are looking for a gym to train in one the most effective personal and competitive combat sport that will give you and your family more just full body workout but a atmosphere that will build your whole person then Battle Control is your place. No matter your age or ability at battle control you will find a place to grow as a person and martial artist.
 Dennis Tello

 ###### Ezekiel Lara in a High level grappling match
 JOIN US TODAY!
 ##### CALL US TODAY AT 408-993-0680 TRY OUT OUR 1 WEEK TRIAL !!!
 ##### ADDRESS
 ##### CLASS SCHEDULE
 ###### 319 Piercy Rd, San Jose, CA. 95138 E-mail: battlecontrolmmabjj@gmail.com Tel: 408-993-0680
 Youth MMA Classes:
 Monday /Tuesday /Thursday
 5:30-6:30 pm
 Youth Jiu Jitsu:
 Wednesday / Friday
 5:00-6:30 pm
 Adult Jiu Jitsu:
 Monday /Tuesday /Thursday
 7:30-9:00 pm
 Open Mat:
 Saturday
 12:00-1:00 pm

 Battle Control MMA is my home away from home. Its the only place I have trained where everyone wants to improve together instead of trying to look good at your training partners expense. This is all thanks to the instructor and owner Greg Lara and his love Jesus and Jiu jitsu.
 ​
 Joshua

 - - -

 ##### FOLLOW US
 319 Piercy Rd , San jose, CA 95138 E-mail: battlecontrolmmabjj@gmail.com Tel: 408-993-0680
 © 2023 by Battle Control. Proudly created with Wix.com
