---
source_url: https://madsciencejudoandjiujitsu.com/classes/Special-Weapons-Training
final_url: https://madsciencejudoandjiujitsu.com/classes/Special-Weapons-Training
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:28.403Z
---

- Home - Programs - Instructors - Class Schedule - Weekly Lesson Plan - Affiliations - Reviews - Blog - Contact Us - Available Gear - Online Pro-Shop - Reserve FREE Visit

 # Special Weapons Training in Clinton

 # #### Go Beyond Traditional Concealed Carry Instruction With Our Special Weapons Training

 At Mad Science Judo & Jiu-Jitsu, we are committed to offering men and women all across Clinton and Oak Ridge the best self-defense training and protection techniques against real-world dangers.
 And our Special Weapons Training does just that.

 We're going above and beyond the traditional teachings of Concealed Carry classes, offering you high-level instruction in the uses and techniques of your personal firearm.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 ## What Can You Expect From Our Special Weapons Training?

 Our goal is to keep you safe and prepared for anything life throws your way. In our Special Weapons Training program, you'll learn the ins and outs of firearm usage including

 best practices for defense and use of force in violent situations.
 At Mad Science Judo & Jiu-Jitsu, we advocate conflict resolution strategies that don't include violence and firearm engagement. But the truth is, those measures are sometimes the only thing separating us from extreme danger.
 That's why we're helping men and women across Clinton learn:
 Safe uses of your personal firearmHow to maintain control of your firearm in a high-stress situationClose-range combat strategiesAnd so much more!

 ## Reserve Your Spot For Our Special Weapons Training

 Don't wait until it's too late. Learn how to safely handle your firearm under high-stress situations to protect yourself and your loved ones. At Mad Science Judo & Jiu-Jitsu, we're going above and beyond to help you stay safe and confident in any situation.

 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started today or to learn more about everything we have to offer in Clinton.

 Back to Homepage

 ## Mad Science Clothing

 ## Mad Science Clothing

 ## Add Subtext text. Click "Edit Text" to update the font, size and more.To change and reuse text themes, go to Site Styles.

 # Mad Science Cobra T-Shirt (Black)

 # (Logo on Front Only)

 # Mad Science Logo T-Shirt (Green)

 # (Logo on Front Only)

 # Mad Science Hoodie(Black)

 # (Logo on Front Only)
