---
source_url: http://carolinafamilyjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://carolinafamilyjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:10.088Z
---

# Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu ## We’re here for you! Get Started Today!

 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial Class! ×

 #### Welcome to ## Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu
 Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu is a Jiu Jitsu school in Rock Hill, South Carolina that will lift you towards your goals. We serve tournament competitors, hobbyists, and every martial artist in between. We provide you with whatever it is you’re seeking in a martial arts academy. New friends, competitive spirit, and increased fitness: Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu helps you gain it all! Join us today to experience a family-oriented, friendly BJJ lifestyle filled with character improvement!

 ## 1 Free Trial Class! Embark on your martial arts journey with Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu and enjoy an exclusive Free Trial Class!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: One Day Free Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Special Offers

 ## Learn More About Us:

 ## About Us
 You’ll find great friends and passionate teammates at Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu. Our community prides itself on the welcoming atmosphere we’ve created. Within this environment, the Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu team helps individuals build a strong foundation for fitness and self-defense skills. Our instructors are devoted to showing you all the benefits of martial arts beyond strength and endurance. We establish a curriculum that helps beginners build foundational BJJ knowledge, reducing future injuries and ensuring a seamless training experience.
 Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu is not just fun, but also a top-quality Jean Jacques Machado association Jiu Jitsu school in Rock Hill. Our team is formally educated on coaching and prioritizes a safe atmosphere. We’re SafeSport Certified, meaning we are educated and informed on sexual misconduct awareness, mandatory reporting, and emotional and physical misconduct.

 ## History
 Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu owner Joey Dean first started practicing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in 2013 after a lifetime of martial arts training. He trained within the Jean Jacques Machado association in Florida and when he moved to Rock Hill, he wanted to remain within the association. There was a need for a Jean Jacques Machado school in South Carolina so he seized the opportunity. Joey Dean opened Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu in early 2023 to improve lives and share the benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Rock Hill. Today, Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu strives to establish a legacy and continue growing their academy, space, and programs.

 ## Current Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Friendly Students and instructors at Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu take care of one another. We challenge each other to be our best selves and celebrate success together!

 ##### Confidence Our instructors and students uplift each other to realize our true potential.

 ##### Mentality Martial arts training goes beyond physical strength. It provides a healthy outlet for negative emotions and promotes stress relief.

 ##### Discipline Students learn how to be respectful and reliable through martial arts.

 ##### Perseverance Brazilian Jiu Jitsu tests your limits and teaches you how to work hard and dedicate yourself to overcoming obstacles.

 #####

 ## 1 Free Trial Class! Embark on your martial arts journey with Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu and enjoy an exclusive Free Trial Class!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: One Day Free Trial! ×

 ## Programs Offered

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu offers Gi and No Gi Jiu Jitsu for students as young as 6 years old. Whether you’re looking to get fit, make friends, or compete, we’re here for you. You’ll experience top-quality martial arts instruction and a positive training environment unlike any other. Ready to embark on a journey of growth through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu? Join Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu in Rock Hill today!
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (gi and no gi):
 Kids (6-12yo)
 Teens/ Adults (13+)

 ## Muay Thai
 Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu offers Muay Thai training for students. Whether you’re looking to get fit, build confidence, or sharpen your striking skills, we’ve got you covered. Experience top-quality instruction in a supportive and dynamic training environment. Ready to start your journey in the art of eight limbs? Join Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu in Rock Hill today!

 ## What Our Students Are saying

 WE LOVE Carolina Family Jiu-Jitsu!! The instructors are amazing, they go out of their way to make you feel welcome.

 Danelle H. , Google

 We have seen a big change in our son's confidence and attitude towards challenging things. Very grateful we found this place! Highly recommend it!

 Hillary F. , Google

 They welcome everyone, care about your growth, and no matter where you are in your BJJ journey, they help push you to the next level.

 Justin M. , Google

 The best jiu jitsu gym around! The coaches are knowledgeable and work hard to create an environment that welcomes everyone in to learn new skills.

 Miranda H. , Google

 Awesome instruction, great price, very family friendly. They were able to start my 11 year old the same day I called and even had a temp gi for him to wear.

 Trina H. , Google

 ## Meet The Team

 ## Instructors Joey and Janae Dean
 Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu-Jean Jacques Machado Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a family owned academy and operated by Professors Joey and Janae Dean.
 Coach Joey is a lifelong martial artist. Joey began his Brazilian Jiu Jitsu journey in 2013 and is a black belt under 2nd degree Jean Jacques Machado 3rd degree Black Belt David Werner. In addition to Jiu Jitsu, Professor Joey earned his black belt in Judo. Joey has also trained for many years in Wrestling, Boxing, and Muay Thai.
 Coach Janae is a brown belt under 2nd degree Jean Jacques Machado 3rd degree Black Belt David Werner as well. Janae began training in Jiu Jitsu in 2014 and is an IBJJF Master World Champion. She is a lifelong athlete and competitor.

 ## Current Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule!

 ### Contact Us Today! Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu has everything… except you! Join our community today and begin your jiu jitsu journey!

 (803) 770-4626
 carolinafamilyjiujitsu@gmail.com
 2550 W Main St Suite 131, Rock Hill, SC 29732
 Get Directions

 ### Carolina Family Jiu Jitsu 2550 W Main St Suite 131, Rock Hill, SC 29732
 Get Directions
