---
source_url: http://eternalwarriorbjj.com/
final_url: https://eternalwarriorbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:37.680Z
---

- eternalwarriorbjj@gmail.com - 479-685-4400

 Menu

 # Bentonville's Best Martial Arts school

 Find out why so many people in Bentonville turn to Eternal Warrior BJJ for their martial arts training. Parents just like you have discovered how to maximize their child's potential and accelerate their development! Request more information or get started today with our exclusive online only offer!

 - Bentonville members have seen improvements in as little as 7 days!

 ## view our scheduleand gain access to our exclusive web special

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Program 🔻 Select A Program Tiny Warriors Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 3-4) Little Warriors Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 5-6) Warrior Kids Jiu-Jitsu (Ages 7-12) Teen & Adult Jiu-Jitsu

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from Eternal Warrior BJJ. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Preschool Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Bentonville The perfect blend of building gross motor skills and having TONS of fun! Our Preschool Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program in Bentonville gives your little one the tools they need to prepare for school and life.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Bentonville Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes in Bentonville will help your child develop confidence and street smarts that will stay with them for the rest of their lives! Brazilian jiu jitsu classes for kids in Bentonville teaches them the proper training and form to protect themselves while having TONS of fun!

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Bentonville Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in Bentonville will transform your physique while crushing your fitness goals, all while you learn useful and practical self-defense skills.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## why CHOOSE Eternal Warrior BJJ?

 Since we’ve opened, we’ve been dedicated to changing the lives of people one person at a time, through martial arts, education and coaching. We strive to provide a safe, comfortable and welcoming atmosphere for all students and family members in Bentonville. We take pride in creating an environment for individuals to achieve, develop and succeed in their personal goals.
 We strongly believe that martial arts can be for everyone, regardless of age, gender or experience levels. Throughout all of our programs, students will not only learn the necessary skill sets to protect themselves, we stand behind our realistic and practical approach, confident it will enable every member to achieve greatness and live their best life.

 "Eternal Warrior Jiujitsu gym is a great gym. Great Family. The instructors and Prof Tony are top notch. "

 "Professor Tony is a fantastic professor that really takes the time to cater to each one of his students making it a great learning/ fun experience. "

 "Amazing place to learn and grow. Top Notch BJJ. Super convenient location. Wonderful people, no egos "

 "My son is small for his age and the kids program has been amazing for his confidence "

 " My son loves it! "

 ## About our programs

 ## Preschool Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Bentonville Discover why parents love our Preschool Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program in Bentonville. It's the perfect blend of gross motor skills, personal development, and character enrichment, and gives your little one an edge when they enter a busy school setting.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Bentonville Bentonville Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are the perfect blend of self-defense and FUN! Our BJJ instructors teach your child how to protect themselves while they learn coordination, focus, discipline, confidence, and perseverance.

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsuin Bentonville Our Bentonville Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are no joke! If you're ready to ramp up your fitness like never before, learn real-world self defense skills and make new friends while you learn BJJ, this is the program for you!

 - DISCOVER -

 LEARN MORE our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Martial Arts Programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies and have more humility and kindness to others through their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Bentonville martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your instructors at Eternal Warrior BJJ Bentonville are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer… The fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Bentonville martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find Eternal Warrior BJJ in Bentonville has martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 ### Eternal Warrior BJJ Bentonville

 We’re located at 1114 N Walton Blvd. , stop by and say hello!
