---
source_url: http://www.gbjacksonville.com/programs
final_url: https://gbjacksonville.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:13.329Z
---

# Programs

 ## ## GBK0 - Little Champions (3-4 Years Old)

 This program will primarily focus on developing motor skills, a strong sense of teamwork and good manners all meshed into Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Lots of games with specific intentions will be used to develop coordination, balance, and body awareness.
 We will also be teaching basic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques to start their Martial Arts journey at a very early stage and begin preparing those who will be moving on to the GBK1 program (Ages 5-8).

 Book your Class

 ## GBK1 - Little Champions 1 (5-8 Years Old)

 The GBK I program consists of developing our little warriors motor skills through instruction and games. In this program, children will learn coordinated movements in order to prepare them for more physically and mentally demanding classes. Furthermore, children get a taste of Self-Defense and most important, to know when to use it

 Book your Class

 ## GBK2 - Little Champions 2 (9-14 Years Old)

 The GBK II program further develops children in the areas of strength and conditioning, sports Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and Anti-Bullying. In this program, children have more freedom in regards to sparring with their partners under the supervision of an instructor. Additionally, we start to encourage kids to compete in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu tournaments to test themselves

 book your class

 ## GB I (15 and up)

 The GB I program is primarily for adults. This program is great for beginners, intermediate and advanced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioners. All classes in this program cover the fundamentals of BJJ. Extra knowledge is provided for those seeking higher learning and understanding. Members of this program can expect to develop skills in takedowns, submissions, and how to control an aggressive opponent

 book your class

 ## Kickboxing (12 and up)

 The Kickboxing program is an excellent way to develop your cardio and get in shape. Not only will your fitness increase, but also your ability to punch and kick faster and stronger. Members will also learn how to utilize their own body to protect themselves when an opponent engages

 book your class

 ## Wrestling (8 and up)

 The Applied Pressure Wrestling program is widely recognized as the best club team in Northeast Florida. Wrestlers who join this program have the luxury of training with elite, state-ranked wrestlers. Often, there are collegiate wrestlers who provide clinics for our wrestlers in order to prep them for a possible collegiate wrestling experience.
 Training is also tailored to accommodate young children who have limited experience but wish to progress

 Book your Class

 ## GBF - Women Only (15 and up)

 Women should be empowered to deal with any physical altercation that may come their way. In our GBF program, we go over Self-Defense techniques from standing to on the floor to ensure a well-rounded understanding of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Come try a class and meet like-minded women who also train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and have learned how to handle themselves in a physical altercation scenario if needed

 book your class

 ## "People don't decide their futures, they decide their habits and their habits decide their future"

 – F.M. Alexander –
