---
source_url: https://apexcombatacademy.com/denver
final_url: https://apexcombatacademy.com/denver/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:14.458Z
---

#### Welcome to # Apex Combat Academy Englewood #### Muay Thai Kickboxing | Youth Martial Arts | Personal Training Tour and Free Lesson

 ## Try Your First Class The best way to see if this is right for you is to experience it.
 Come in, meet the coaches, and try a class for yourself.
 Claim your first class today and get started.

 Tour and Free Lesson

 ## Our Mission
 Our mission is to provide a community, through martial arts, that nurtures the physical and mental needs of the Denver metro citizens. It’s as simple as that.
 At Apex Combat Academy in Englewood, we believe that martial arts training can help every child and adult develop the mental and physical skills they need to succeed in life. Martial Arts isn’t just about self-defense like so many believe. At Apex Combat Academy, it’s all about self-confidence, improved focus, physical strength, and positive social interaction. Apex Combat Academy teaches our members to set goals, work hard, and follow-through, all the while having fun and making friends.
 #### What We Do We understand that walking in the doors of any Denver martial arts academy can be intimidating. That’s why we invite you to come on in for a tour and a FREE lesson! This will be designed specifically for you as a first-time martial arts student.
 Once you begin, you will see what makes us a different martial arts academy. You’ll see not only our high-quality training, but also the values that make us special! See everything that makes Apex Combat Academy the premier Denver martial arts academy!
 #### Our Motto “Martial Arts for Everyone”

 ## Apex Combat Academy - Denver

 ## About Us
 Apex Combat Academy was founded with the belief that everyone in the community deserves access to high quality, realistic martial arts in Denver. We pride ourselves on the quality of our programs, like Muay Thai classes and Women’s Kickboxing. Through martial arts, we strive to improve the physical and mental health of our community, one student at a time.

 #### Our ## Instructor Promises
 ### ### ### WE ARE A friendly martial arts academy for anyone to join. We keep martial arts private lessons, Women’s Kickboxing, and Muay Thai classes casual but also passionate. If you’re looking for a Denver martial arts academy to make yourself better on and off the mat, Apex Combat Academy is the place for you!

 ### ### ### WE ARE NOT A place where negativity exists. Our martial arts classes are positive and joyful, rather than enforcing any intimidating or dangerous behavior. Training is not hardcore – rather – it is suited for you to shine, making Apex Combat Academy a place for you to find growth and peace.

 ### ### ### WHAT YOU NEED You don’t need to bring much to our martial arts classes. As long as you come in with comfortable clothes for exercise, your ID, and a positive, can-do attitude, you are ready for the day at Apex Combat Academy!

 ## About Us Learn about our Coaches, History, and Mission to provide our community with high-quality Martial Arts.

 ## Programs Train In-The-Gym at our Denver Headquarters, or in Omaha!

 ## 2025 Denver Schedule
 Print Schedule

 ## Try Your First Class The best way to see if this is right for you is to experience it.
 Come in, meet the coaches, and try a class for yourself.
 Claim your first class today and get started.

 Tour and Free Lesson

 ## Testimonials

 The atmosphere at Apex Combat Academy is unmatched... The owner/ coaches are the most hardworking, driven, knowledgeable, and friendly individuals that I know...

 Brendon Blasé Birt , Facebook Review

 Amazing coaches who are legit martial artists and and even better environment to train and learn in!

 Bryan Allan , Facebook Review

 Great peers and top level coaches here. Atmosphere is welcoming, provides thoughtful martial arts training for all levels, and thankfully doesn't have that tough guy vibe that a lot of MMA gyms have these days.

 Chris Lee , Google Review

 The best people, coaches, and equipment!! if your looking for a legit Mixed Martial Arts gym look no further!

 Marcus Sursa , Facebook Review

 If you want an amazing family environment and community this is it. And amazing coaches!!!! This gym is AMAZING!!!

 Mariah Contreras , Facebook Review

 ...As soon as a wake up in the morning the only thing I can think of is going to train at Apex. My only regret is not joining this gym sooner!

 Martin Lopez , Google Review

 This is the place to be! I've never felt more welcomed into a gym and the coaches have so much knowledge...

 Ty Barker , Facebook Review

 These guys are so friendly and professional, I automatically felt like I belonged.

 Xavia Schmidt , Google Review

 ### READY FOR A CHANGE? Our mission is to provide a community through martial arts in Englewood, that nurtures the physical and mental needs of our citizens. It’s simple as that.
 To find out what our programs can do for you, reach out today!

 (720)-762-9549
 3900 S. MARIPOSA STREET ENGLEWOOD, CO 80110
 Get Directions
 powered by Glofox

 ### Apex Combat Academy Denver 3900 S. MARIPOSA STREET ENGLEWOOD, CO 80110
 Get Directions
