---
source_url: http://www.thevalorjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://thevalorjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:57.096Z
---

Welcome to Valor Jiu Jitsu in Pasadena, Ca. We offer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for adults and kids.

 Book a Free Trial Class

 # Discover a Welcoming Community

 ## CLASSES #### KIDS jiu jitsu CLASSES Jiu-Jitsu is as the perfect martial art for children because it is a non-striking self-defense martial art system that emphasizing technique and leverage as opposed to strength and aggression. Our classes provide a positive and supportive environment for children to not only just learn Jiu Jitsu, but also develop important traits such as self-confidence, respect, and discipline.

 #### ADult Gi CLass All Gi Jiu-Jitsu is best as the art and science of control that leads to submission. It is a grappling system that operates through a four-step process: 1 take down 2 pass guard 3 pin and pass 4 submission

 #### Womens CLasses #### ADULT NO GI CLASS
 Empowering women through specialized Jiu Jitsu training, our womenʼs classes focus on self-defense and building confidence. Womenʼs Program is an all women’s class. Ladies train with ladies. No boys allowed. Saturdays 9am

 #### ADULT NO GI CLASS #### ADULT NO GI CLASS
 Our state-of-the-art facilities are designed to provide a safe and comfortable training environment. We have top-of-the-line equipment and maintain high standards of cleanliness and hygiene.

 #### Seminars and workshops Our state-of-the-art facilities are designed to provide a safe and comfortable training environment. We have top-of-the-line equipment and maintain high standards of cleanliness and hygiene.

 #### Veterans We provide combat veterans coping with military connected disabilities a long term means to overcome their challenges through Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and fitness training.

 Find out more

 ## Valor Jiu jitsu pasadena, ca CLASSES ### KID'S CLASSES ### ADULT GI CLASSES ### KID'S CLASSES
 Jiu-Jitsu is as the perfect martial art for children because it is a non-striking self-defense martial art system that emphasizing technique and leverage as opposed to strength and aggression. Our classes provide a positive and supportive environment for children to not only just learn Jiu Jitsu, but also develop important traits such as self-confidence, respect, and discipline.

 ### NO GI CLASSES ### ADULT GI CLASSES ### KID'S CLASSES
 No gi program is jiu jitsu without the Gi uniform, with an emphasis on blending wrestling techniques with various submissions such as heel hooks. Participants are able to move more quickly and freely, without the hassle of having to grip onto sleeves and collars, so students students on this program will learn how to control an opponents with out relying on the gi.

 ### ADULT GI CLASSES ### ADULT GI CLASSES ### ADULT GI CLASSES
 All Gi Jiu-Jitsu is best as the art and science of control that leads to submission. It is a grappling system that operates through a four-step process: 1 take down 2 pass guard 3 pin and pass 4 submission

 ## Check us out on Social Media

 ## Testimonials from students

 ### ASK ABOUT OUR FREE TRIAL
 YOUR EMAIL

 EMAIL

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept

 ### Sign up Now!! Come try a Class

 Click to Learn More
