---
source_url: https://bit.ly/4iOtlds
final_url: https://jiujitsu.la/?utm_source=google_business_profile&utm_medium=google_business_profile_link&utm_campaign=get_more_students&utm_id=get_more_students&utm_content=google_business_profile_link
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:17.711Z
---

- "Jiu-jitsu is personal efficiency to protect the weaker, which anyone can do. It is the force of leverage against brute force." -Helio Gracie Get Your Free Trial Today! - Start Your Jiu-Jitsu Journey Today "Every child should learn to swim, ride, and fight." - Helio Gracie CLAIM YOUR FREE CLASS NOW

 # Welcome to Los Angeles Jiu-Jitsu Academy.

 ## Are you ready to start your Jiu-Jitsu journey?
 Try a Free Class Today!
 Whether you're a first-time student or an experienced grappler, our classes are designed to help you grow at your own pace.

 📅 Check Our Class Schedule Now
 📞 Call us at (424) 265-2917 or 📧 email us at info@jiujitsu.la to book your free trial!

 Learn more
 Learn more

 Here is what our students say about us

 - Andrew Strassner ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“There are black belts in this world, and there are black belts who not only have a masterful understanding of Jiu-Jitsu but have a real calling and love for teaching jiu-jitsu, and Ricardo is the ladder. The icing on the cake is the direct lineage to Rickson and Kron.” - Randi Wishnow ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Both Ricardo and his son Henrique are the most incredible teachers to my 6-year-old son Asher! They are teaching him discipline (in a patient and living way)as well as teaching him how to protect himself! I would recommend LA Jiu Jitsu academy to anyone who is looking to get there kids started in the best self defense!!!” - Farhan Islam ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“LA Jiu-Jitsu Academy, under the expert guidance of head instructor Ricardo Rosa, is an unparalleled sanctuary for those seeking to master the art of Jiu-Jitsu.” - Peter Adam ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Rickson Gracie black belt and head instructor, Ricardo Rosa is an amazing instructor! Enrique and Ruben are also extremely knowledgeable, patient, and caring instructors. They take their time and breakdown techniques clearly and proficiently. Great mix of self defense and sport BJJ with plenty of time to practice/roll. - Thomas Martin ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“I've been training here for a little over a month and feel right at home. Ricardo, Reuben, and Enrique are all extremely helpful and welcoming coaches. The instructor lineage routes up through Kron/Rickson Gracie, so the form of Jiu Jitsu taught here covers many aspects of self defense that would apply to MMA or a street fight scenario.” - Justin Dumagpi ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐“Dropped in for a class while I was on vacation. Super cool place to train. The professor and everyone were very welcoming and friendly. Great rolls.”

 ## Featured Articles

 First Day at BJJ Class: What a Beginner Can Expect
 Preparing for your first BJJ class? Learn exactly what to expect, what to bring, and how to make the most of your first Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu session, a beginner's guide.

 Read More →

 Kron Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Seminar Experience
 What if you could train with one of the most legendary Jiu-Jitsu practitioners alive today? Imagine learning techniques and strategies directly from Kron Gracie , a champion known for his mastery in Jiu-Jitsu and MMA.

 Read More →

 Leonardo Xavier Jiu-Jitsu Seminar
 Los Angeles Jiu-Jitsu Academy presents Professor Leonardo Xavier 5th degree Black Belt under the legendary Master Rickson Gracie.

 Read More →

 #### Follow us on Instagram @jiujitsu.la
