---
source_url: https://blackstonebjj.com
final_url: https://blackstonebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:04.627Z
---

- - - - -

 5.0 Rating

 # BlackStone Jiu Jitsu New Port Richey’s Premier Martial Arts Facility For All Ages At BlackStone Jiu Jitsu, we believe that embracing the discipline of martial arts is a gateway to living your most empowered life. Dive deeper and discover how our school can be your first step towards transformative growth and self-discovery.

 Select a Program

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ONLINE EXCLUSIVE OFFER
 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE & PRICING OPTIONS
 Get more information about our classes and schedule on the next page!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Kids (3 – 13) Teens (13 – 17) Adults (18+) -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for BlackStone Jiu Jitsu to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 MARTIAL ARTS IN New Port Richey
 ## WELCOME TO BlackStone Jiu Jitsu We know that finding a martial arts school can be overwhelming. At BlackStone Jiu Jitsu, our priority is to help you and/or your children become better versions of yourselves.
 Our expert instructors are here to learn your goals, and help you achieve them in a fun, exciting, and welcoming environment. Take a minute to learn more about our facility, programs, and community through our website, and we look forward to seeing you soon!

 OUR PROGRAMS
 ## MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN New Port Richey Looking for the right martial arts class? Check out BlackStone Jiu Jitsu's variety of programs, designed for all ages and skills. Pick one to get more details and kickstart your journey.

 Kids (3 – 13)
 Give your kids the cool perks of confidence, discipline, winning at life, and knowing how to stand up for themselves!
 View Program

 Teens (13 – 17)
 Ignite the journey of teenagers from youth to adulthood, amplifying their emotional intelligence and empowering them to unleash their ultimate potential.
 View Program

 Adults (18+)
 Experience our New Port Richey adult martial arts classes – a perfect blend of fitness, self-defense, and enjoyment.
 View Program

 BlackStone Jiu Jitsu REVIEWS
 ## See what our members say See what our members are saying! Browse through the reviews to get a glimpse of the BlackStone Jiu Jitsu experience straight from our community.

 Jonathan LaForge
 This is an incredible gym! for beginners or experienced people. Weather you’re looking to improve your skills or gain some self defense, I highly recommend!The amount or care and guidance that comes from the coaches go beyond what you can ask for. Go roll at blackston!

 Amanda Feagley
 Blackstone Jiu Jitsu, and Coach Jordan are both AMAZING! Coach Jordan is so great with the kids, and it’s really hard to find that! He teaches them valuable lessons on and off the mat. We actually drove a half hour to come for a free class, and never stopped coming! We ALL love it here! We do the Family plan which includes myself, as well as my 3 kids. We have had so much fun as well as learned a lot. I can’t wait to start competing!

 Liz
 I highly recommend BlackStone Jiu Jitsu. There is a great sense of community and all coaches work hard to cultivate relationships with each individual student. My sons enjoy training just as much now as when they first started.

 Kayleigh Kesler
 We love BlackStone Jiu Jitsu! Coach Jordan is amazing with the children & families, teaches them the skills & techniques, teaches respect & the kids all respect him. He’s warm & welcoming & all the kids thrive together. Our 2 children (7+11) love going! It’s a welcoming environment & there’s adult classes also, everyone is supportive of one another & it shows in every class. We’ve loved all our interactions with all the coaches! Couldn’t speak higher of Jordan, his business & team!

 Samantha Greenleaf
 I love this place! The coaches are all amazing with the kids. You’re treated like family. And you get great quality training as you would in a “bigger “ or more commercial gym. The kids learn self defense, resilience, confidence, respect and good sportsmanship and gain so many new friendships. If you’re looking for a BJJ home this is it!

 Demetria Arriaga
 Coach Jordan and all of Blackstone Jiu Jitsu staff are amazing! My 11 year old son has learned so much in the past 6 months and has gained confidence, skills and friends! I highly recommend this school!

 NowUrMine
 Love this Dojo! Love the environment and the parents! The coaches are very friendly, welcoming and informative! If you've had a single thought of training for yourself or your child, my son and I would HIGHLY recommend giving Blackstone a try. We are VERY proud to be part of this team and community! Also wanted to mention they have a camp coming up in July.

 Kiki Kavvas
 Huge shoutout to Coach Jordan and the team at Blackstone Jiu Jitsu. Their dedication to helping every student improve is unmatched, and I've seen a huge difference in my child's skills and confidence. Without hesitation I can honestly say that this is the best place in the New Port Richey area to learn Jiu jitsu, no matter your experience level. The practical approach and welcoming atmosphere make it perfect for everyone. Now Ladies, this part of the review is for you. Coach Jordan and his team foster a supportive and inclusive space where you can learn, grown and train alongside other amazing women. Honestly Ladies, don't wait -this is the sign you've been looking for. I promise you won't find a more supportive gym that will bring out your fierceness. #FIRST DAY OF THE REST OF YOUR JIU_JITSU LIFE.

 Irene
 I can’t recommend Black Stone Jiu Jitsu enough! It has been an amazing experience for my daughters. Since joining, they have gained confidence and their skills have improved tremendously! The coaches are all highly skilled and GENUINELY caring and supportive, it truly feels like family here. I couldn’t ask for a better place for children (and all members) to grow stronger, inside and out in such a safe and encouraging environment! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!

 Lorran Andrade
 Only a few classes in and my daughter is already loving Blackstone Jiu Jitsu! The coaches are super welcoming and you can tell they care about the kids. She’s starting to build confidence, learning real skills, and feeling like a total little warrior (in the best way). She’s excited for every class and we’re pumped to see how far she goes with the team. Great vibes all around!

 Ageliki Angie Angela
 "Coming back to leave another review for Blackstone Jiu Jitsu Academy because the positive impact has only grown. The 'FUN FAMILY FRIENDLY WELCOMING ENVIRONMENT' I mentioned before has created a wonderful second home for my son. The coaches and other families have created a supportive community that extends beyond the mat. We are so proud of the progress our son has made and feel so lucky to be a part of this amazing place!"

 COMMUNITIES WE SERVE
 ## PROVIDING HIGH-QUALITY MARTIAL ARTS Our martial arts school welcomes students from New Port Richey and surrounding communities. Click on any pinned location to get instant directions via Google Maps, making it easy to see your travel time to our school. Train with us and experience top-quality martial arts instruction, no matter where you're coming from.

 New Port Richey, FL

 Trinity, FL

 Odessa, FL

 Tarpon Springs, FL

 East Lake, FL

 OUR BLOG
 ## HELPFUL TIPS FROM BlackStone Jiu Jitsu Whether you’re a beginner eager to learn, a parent seeking to empower your child, or just curious about the art, our blog is your go-to source for valuable guidance and inspiration. Dive into our posts and embark on a journey to enhance your skills and well-being!

 The Positive Effects of Martial Arts for a Child in School
 Grade school can be quite the experience for any child. It is a place where a child not only learns academically but one where a child must learn to socialize and function in the world. Unfortunately, there are a lot of negative experiences that a child may have when going through school. Whatever those experiences […]
 READ MORE »

 Finding Harmony: Martial Arts as a Path to Balance and Well-Being
 In today’s fast-paced and hectic world, finding a sense of balance and well-being is crucial for leading a fulfilling life. While many turn to meditation, yoga, or other wellness practices, martial arts offers a unique and holistic approach to achieving harmony within ourselves. In this article, we will explore how martial arts can be a […]
 READ MORE »

 Protect Your Heart with Martial Arts
 Every year, the American Heart Association celebrates Heart Month to raise awareness about heart disease and heart health. What you may not know is that martial arts are great for the heart. In fact, the cardiac benefits of martial arts give a whole new meaning to the idea of cardiovascular fitness. With that in mind, […]
 READ MORE »

 ##
