---
source_url: http://www.ftwbjjacademy.com
final_url: http://ftwbjjacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:46.261Z
---

Skip to content ###### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 # Fight To Win

 Get Started

 Fight To Win Brazilian Jiu jitsu (FTW) Charlotte NC This is where the art truly begins to take shape.

 Our Programs

 ## Beginner Kids Class Here students will learn Self-Defense, Jiu Jitsu, Judo, basic striking, self discipline and self respect.
 Click Here

 ## Fundamentals Our Fundamentals program is specifically for the new student, all students are encouraged to attend.
 Click Here

 ## Advanced Gracie Jiu Jitsu We focus on improving fundamentals, transitioning and building a personal style for each student.
 Click Here

 # Call and Get Started today (704) 921 - 1028

 “I work at a fast pace and Steve, being as committed and concerned as he is, recognized this and helped me excel in so many areas. Although our classes were full, I felt like I was the only one in class.”

 – Dean Albrecht.

 “For over a decade, I have watched Steve Hall constantly improve his knowledge and practice of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He is the real deal and has earned every belt, stripe, scar, and broken bone. Most importantly, Steve is of good character and represents himself and Jiu-Jitsu very well. I am confident that Steve will continue to produce students that are both fine sports competitors and representatives of our art.”

 – Bill Murphy, Black Belt 1st Degree under Marcio Simas, Barra Gracie Orlando (Sarasota)

 “Steve Hall is a very observant and caring Instructor. Even when the class is full, he always notices what I need to learn or improve, and he teaches it to me. Being a teacher myself, it amazes me how much Steve notices, and remembers, about each one of his students. On a more personal note, it has always been a dream of mine to teach self-defense to other women. Steve worked with me, making sure that I had not only the smallest details of each move down but also that I had the proper mindset. I taught my first women’s self-defense class at a local shelter recently. It gave me such a great sense of accomplishment. I am currently organizing a class at my school for female teachers and students. Thank you, Steve, for all of your help and support.”

 – Debbie Hauff, H.S. Art Teacher, N.F. Woods Technology & Arts Center.

 “I can sincerely say that Steve is a very good coach and a friend. Fight to Win is kept very professional, and the atmosphere is such that even though I live 40 minutes away it is well worth the drive. In a very short time, I have learned a lot from Steve. I enjoy and have been active in many different sports since 1981, but Steve has helped make Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu my favorite. I love the workouts and everyone involved is extremely helpful. I am honored to learn from you Steve, thank you again.”

 – Mufit Turkdamar, CMS, Health and PE Teacher, Personal Trainer since 1985
