---
source_url: https://junleetkd.com/programs
final_url: https://junleetkd.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:16.486Z
---

CALL US TODAY

 (703) 687-4714

 SPECIAL LIMITED TIME NEW MEMBERS DEAL.

 CLICK HERE TO ACCESS!

 DOWNLOAD OUR APP

 Call Us Today

 (703) 687-4714

 SPECIAL LIMITED TIME NEW MEMBERS DEAL. CLICK HERE TO ACCESS!

 DOWNLOAD OUR APP

 - - -

 - - -
 CALL US TODAY

 (703) 687-4714

 SPECIAL LIMITED TIME NEW MEMBERS DEAL.

 CLICK HERE TO ACCESS!

 DOWNLOAD OUR APP

 -

 # Programs

 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 ## After School

 ##### FUN, SAFE AND EDUCATIONAL AFTER SCHOOL PROGRAM! You child(ren) will build confidence, respect, physical and mental strength, self-control, and learn goal-setting principles.

 LEARN MORE

 ## Summer Camp/Seasonal Camp

 ##### Finally, there is a summer camp that provides not only a safe and fun environment for your child, but your child will come away with a whole lot more.

 LEARN MORE

 ## Little Tigers

 ##### Our Little Tigers classes are designed for kids ages 3~5years old. Kids at this age need special attention and instruction to learn Martial Arts as effectively as possible. These classes teach kids the basics and fundamentals they need in a fun and exciting environment. As a parent you know a fun environment makes learning a lot easier for kids. Our amazing instructors not only keep the classes fun but do so without compromising on the instruction.

 LEARN MORE

 ## Teens/Adults

 ##### A fast paced yet structured learning environment, these classes allow you to challenge yourself both mentally and physically. Whether you are looking to learn self defense, get in shape, relieve stress, or just have fun, this class is great for YOU!

 LEARN MORE

 ## Birthdays

 ##### Parties at our martial arts center are more than just dropping the kids off at the fun zone...and letting them run crazy for hours. ##### ##### They're fun, structured events that kids brag about for months after they've ended.

 LEARN MORE

 ## JUN LEE Taekwondo REVIEWS

 Without a doubt Jun Lee taekwondo is the best place to help children grow with discipline and children are treated with great care and respect. I recommend it to you who want to learn taekwondo from the best masters.

 Renata Batista

 Our daughter has been attending Jun Lee TKD since summer 2019. She loves the program and feels like she is part of the family. She has attended summer camp and the after school program. The instructors and care givers keep her engaged while she learns TKD moves, focuses on respect and works towards getting her next belt. You couldn’t ask for a better place for children to learn and play. Thank you Jun Lee TKD!

 Joan West

 My kids have been taking classes at Jun Lee for a year now and it's been one of the best things we've done. It's a great for physical activity and our kids are learning what it means to have discipline and be respectful. The instructors genuinely care about their students. Our kids absolutely love it here! We highly recommend Jun Lee!

 Bree Milrod

 Our family just adores Jun Lee Taekwondo! After hearing a recommendation from a mutual friend, we decided to enroll our three year old in their little tigers program. I’ve never seen any extracurricular based company engage so well with young children. All of the staff members/teachers are amazing with these kids! They are playful, and patient, but also maintain the techniques and values of the sport. We are always greeted with huge smiles at every class. This is my daughters first formal sport; we feel very blessed to of found a place that is providing her with such a positive experience. I could go on and on. Five stars all around and worth every penny!

 Christy Pensabene

 Master Lee and the entire team are tremendous teachers and motivators. They are an amazing family and have worked with our son closely even though he splits his time between his home in Leesburg and his home in Alexandria. Such great members of the community too.

 Bret Cald

 This is a great place with awesome instructors teaching kids the art of taekwondo which instills respect and discipline while loving on every single child, making them all feel capable, powerful and special.

 DeVonne Williams Talton

 My oldest started a few months ago and loves it! Master Lee and Master Kim are so encouraging to the kids.

 Kari Walker

 Recent membership, family throughly enjoying it! Master Lee and staff create a welcoming, respectful, jovial environment. I had heard great compliments from other members, they were on point.

 Kimi Marcus Shadwick

 READ MORE

 ## OUR LIMITED TIME SPECIAL OFFER!

 All New Students Get 3 FREE Trial Classes!
 Try it FREE for 3 Classes and See for Yourself!

 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 Your cart is empty Continue
 Shopping Cart Subtotal:
 Discount
 Discount
 View Cart Checkout

 Visitor Information Reporting Allow this website to collect visitor and device info for statistical purposes. Save Changes

 View Details Quantity - +

 Sold Out
