---
source_url: https://global1bjj.com
final_url: https://global1bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:54.648Z
---

# Unleash your potential at global brazilian jiu jitsu

 If you’re looking for the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu/Martial Arts lessons in Naples, you’ve come to the right place! Global BJJ is a IBJJF Recognized Academy the Gold Standard in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 Get Started

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Programs

 ### Kids Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 Treat your child to the best Kids Martial Arts Classes in Naples with our exciting Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program. We work with students of all ages and abilities, helping them build confidence, strength, and more.
 In our Kids Martial Arts classes, we are committed to helping children learn how to defend themselves against bullies and intimidation and face life with confidence in everything they do.

 Learn More

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 An amazing workout and iron-clad self-defense skills are at your fingertips with Global Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu . Our unique style of Jiu-Jitsu will teach you the most effective self-defense in the world while building your muscle and improving your day-to-day life with increased health and happiness.
 Global Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu creates a total-body workout and teaches real-world self-defense through authentic Jiu Jitsu training . Most fights end up on the ground or in the clinching position and knowing what to do could win a fight – or even more – save your life. All levels of martial arts experience are welcome!

 Learn More

 ### Family Martial Arts

 Our Family Martial Arts classes allow parents to take a hands-on role in their child’s instruction. By training together , we help families across Naples develop stronger bonds, enjoy more robust fitness, connect with their community, and have fun learning together!
 Family martials arts allows you to combine the best aspects of group fitness and self-defense while training with the people you are the most comfortable with. Everyone is pushed together through an incredible workout.

 Learn More

 ### Competition BJJ

 Do you need help getting into shape for your next competition? Look no further than Global Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu ! Train with champions and be a part of our expert team. Learn new techniques and buff up your existing repertoire. We invite people from all over Naples, Bonita Springs, and beyond to train with us.
 Get in peak performance with our Competition BJJ training . Our team is dedicated to your success. Whether that means pushing you to your limits or spending extra time to show you a technique you’re struggling with, our community is here to make you feel comfortable and safe while having fun and learning effective techniques.

 Learn More

 ### Adopt A Cop

 Adopt a Cop BJJ is a nonprofit, donation based program that allows active duty patrolling police officer’s around the country to train at any Adopt A Cop BJJ affiliated academy and will pay 100% of the officer’s membership until they reach the rank of Blue belt.

 Learn More

 ## Why Choose Global Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 
 ### Hands-On Coaching & Mentorship

 Whether you’re a novice or you’re bringing your belt with you, Global Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is here to help you succeed. We offer hands-on coaching and inspirational mentors to help you achieve amazing things every step of the way.

 
 ### Earnest Accountability

 Our instructors help establish the accountability you need to accomplishing your goals. We harbor a passion for Martial Arts and will train you to become an expert at one of the world’s fastest-growing sports.

 
 ### Supportive Community

 Global Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is about you. It’s about acheiving your goals and providing you with an incredibly supportive community where you can pursue fitness, train hard, and dream big.

 ## Testimonials

 What a great place to learn BJJ! The instructors are very friendly and knowledgeable! Clean gym! We’re very glad we found you!!

 ### Dave Patino

 A great place to train for both kids and adults. Professional coaches with exceptional high quality instruction. Everyone should know how to defend themselves!

 ### Pryscilla Tabora

 Coach John and Kevin is welcoming, communitive and patient with the kids of all ages. I can’t wait to see what 2022 has in store for this facility, their coaches and all the younger children to join!

 ### Liana Criscuoli

 ## Our Special Offers to Start Your Journey

 - Try 1 Week of BJJ for Free! - Real self-defense. Total-body fitness. Stress-free mindset. - Limited time only!

 Book Your Free Class
