---
source_url: https://waukeemartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://waukeemartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:20.113Z
---

# Urbandale Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Learn Jiu Jitsu and Get In Amazing Shape! April Specials! Do you want to learn bodyguard-grade self-defense skills and get into the best shape of your entire life? When you take the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, you’ll get all that and more as you discover why Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has taken the world by storm!
 Whether you’ve taken other styles of martial arts classes before, or whether you’re brand-new to the martial arts, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes are great for Jiu Jitsu beginners! And it doesn’t matter if you’re a man or a woman, large or small, or young or old...our black belt Jiu Jitsu instructors will teach you everything you need to know about Jiu Jitsu at a pace that’s just right for you.
 ## MORE BENEFITS THAN ANY OTHER MARTIAL ART Hands down, Jiu Jitsu offers more benefits than any other martial art! With each new class you take at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, you’ll enjoy dozens of benefits for your body and mind. Here are just a few:
 - You’ll trim up and slim down quickly with a calorie-crushing workout - You’ll notice improved muscle tone after just a few short classes - Unwanted weight will effortlessly disappear - You’ll master classic Jiu Jitsu moves from such as grappling, ground fighting and submission holds - Your confidence will skyrocket as your self-defense skills advance - You'll learn how to win a fight by delivering debilitating self-defense moves - You’ll enjoy newfound energy that will keep you going all day long - Your daily stresses will disappear
 The Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Essentials program at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu lays the framework to master all BJJ techniques. Themes taught in this program include:
 - Essential Movements - Self-Defense - Fundamental Techniques - Escape Techniques - Submission Basics
 ## HERE’S WHAT MAKES JIU JITSU THE BEST Your typical martial arts program teaches you how to fight standing up. But, in reality, that almost never happens—because most fights end up on the ground. Jiu Jitsu gives you a huge advantage in ground fighting because it teaches you how to maintain control over your opponent and win the fight!
 You’ll be ready for any attack when you know the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu ground-fighting techniques you’ll learn at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu . We’ll show you how to bring the fight to the ground with powerful kicks and swift punches. Then, we’ll show you how to perform the crucial grappling and holding moves that will guarantee your victory!
 And to top it all off, as you’re learning professional-grade fighter moves, you’ll be getting an intense workout that will leave you hard-bodied and gorgeous!
 ## GET IN ON THE FASTEST GROWING MARTIAL ART RIGHT NOW With all the benefits that the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu have to offer you, we can’t think of a reason you wouldn’t want to give them a try. But to make it even easier for you to decide, we’ve put together an amazing deal you won’t want to miss. To learn more, just take a minute to complete the brief, no-obligation form below. We’ll then give you all the details you need to jump at this exciting opportunity to become the next Brazilian Jiu Jitsu master!

 ## Maximize Your Strength Request information

 After 2 months I can now say, Professors Jared and Cliff are teeming with knowledge and information about their sport. They are more than willing to answer questions, even encouraging the asking most of the time. They, and the rest of the instruction team, also aren't afraid to point out mistakes and shortcomings (usually in a funny and witty manner). This make for an extremely productive environment to learn in. Constructive criticism along with the encouragement to be your best self seems to be at the core here. Joining No Coast BJJ has been on of the best decisions that I've made in a long time. Looking forward to learning and continuing the uphill battle! Thanks for your time Professor!

 With my parents recently moving to Waukee and myself at their home visiting for winter break from school I wanted to find something to help me stay active over the holidays. From the first time I contacted No Coast BJJ to making me feel very welcome and taken care of during my first class, I realized No Coast is the place to learn jiu-jitsu. They worked with my short two-week time frame that I had in Waukee and made it possible for me to learn the basics of the sport. Having no previous martial arts experience, all the instructors took the time during each class to start from square one helping me build a solid foundation. In fact, I felt like I got a new instructor every time I went in for a work out; everyone there is extremely friendly and helpful! Every person I met asked me my name and made me feel respected even as a complete beginner. This quality and atmosphere is something unique to No Coast as it shows their focus on you as an individual to help you learn and be the best you can be. It’s too bad I have to go back to school and can no longer attend classes at No Coast, but thanks to them I now have a solid foundation of BJJ from which I can build upon.
 Thank you for taking the time to make me feel so welcome, see you Saturday for my last class! I highly recommend this place for anyone interested!

 I was very impressed with the instructors at No Coast during the kids jiujitsu class. They are great at attention to detail but also great at knowing when the kids just need to roll for a while and figure things out themselves. We live out of town but will be visiting No Coast every time we visit family in the Des Moines area!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
