---
source_url: https://waukeemartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://waukeemartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:20.293Z
---

# Urbandale Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Beginner Kids Jiu Jitsu Classes Enrolling In April Are you looking for a great activity to keep your child fit while teaching important skills that will last a lifetime? The kids martial arts classes at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu are the perfect choice! From giving kids an experience that’s as rewarding as it is healthy, to teaching them important self-defense skills they need to stay safe in today’s violent world, you just can’t beat our martial arts classes for kids! When you enroll your child in the kids martial arts classes at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , your child’s inner champion will begin shining through in just a few short classes!
 It’s no surprise that parents all around Waukee have named No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu their martial arts school of choice. Our professional black belt instructors are the best of the best at teaching kids the martial arts. For starters, we make sure every kids martial arts class we teach is loaded with fun exercises and activities from a wide selection of the martial arts! Then, we celebrate each student’s achievements and advancements with plenty of positive reinforcement that make kids feel great!
 ## KIDS MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES IN URBANDALE FOR KIDS OF ALL AGES On top of all the great martial arts techniques your kids will learn at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , we'll give your kids the skills they need to learn how to set goals and gain the confidence to stretch their limits and reach for the stars.

 Whatever your child’s age, we guarantee that our kids martial arts classes will give your child dozens of benefits above and beyond learning the martial arts. Just look:
 - Our classes will give your child a huge self-confidence boost - Your child will develop a lifetime appreciation for physical fitness - Your child will learn restraint and self-control - We’ll teach important self-defense skills to keep your child safe - Your child’s attention span and ability to focus will dramatically improve, leading to better performance and grades in school

 ## GIVE YOUR CHILD AN EDGE WITH KIDS MARTIAL ARTS CLASSES! With everything that the kids martial arts classes at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu have to offer your child, there’s no reason to delay. And with new classes beginning this month, you don’t have to!
 What’s more, we’re giving you a very special offer right now. For more information, just complete the brief contact form on this page. When you do, we’ll give you all the details of this incredible offer to get your child started in the kids martial arts classes at No Coast Brazilian Jiu Jitsu !

 ## Maximize Your Strength Request information

 After 2 months I can now say, Professors Jared and Cliff are teeming with knowledge and information about their sport. They are more than willing to answer questions, even encouraging the asking most of the time. They, and the rest of the instruction team, also aren't afraid to point out mistakes and shortcomings (usually in a funny and witty manner). This make for an extremely productive environment to learn in. Constructive criticism along with the encouragement to be your best self seems to be at the core here. Joining No Coast BJJ has been on of the best decisions that I've made in a long time. Looking forward to learning and continuing the uphill battle! Thanks for your time Professor!

 With my parents recently moving to Waukee and myself at their home visiting for winter break from school I wanted to find something to help me stay active over the holidays. From the first time I contacted No Coast BJJ to making me feel very welcome and taken care of during my first class, I realized No Coast is the place to learn jiu-jitsu. They worked with my short two-week time frame that I had in Waukee and made it possible for me to learn the basics of the sport. Having no previous martial arts experience, all the instructors took the time during each class to start from square one helping me build a solid foundation. In fact, I felt like I got a new instructor every time I went in for a work out; everyone there is extremely friendly and helpful! Every person I met asked me my name and made me feel respected even as a complete beginner. This quality and atmosphere is something unique to No Coast as it shows their focus on you as an individual to help you learn and be the best you can be. It’s too bad I have to go back to school and can no longer attend classes at No Coast, but thanks to them I now have a solid foundation of BJJ from which I can build upon.
 Thank you for taking the time to make me feel so welcome, see you Saturday for my last class! I highly recommend this place for anyone interested!

 I was very impressed with the instructors at No Coast during the kids jiujitsu class. They are great at attention to detail but also great at knowing when the kids just need to roll for a while and figure things out themselves. We live out of town but will be visiting No Coast every time we visit family in the Des Moines area!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
