---
source_url: http://lucasleitebjjca.com
final_url: https://lucasleitebjjca.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:03.591Z
---

# Start Your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Journey in Upland Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 See More

 ### Request more information

 ## Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Train With World Champions At Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Our Academy consistently provides support to students who wish to excel. Our vision of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is to create winning attitudes. No matter what age or the skill level of the student, our Jiu-Jitsu instructors are patient, well-trained, and experienced ready to help you reach your goals.
 Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is about you. It's about accomplishing your goals and providing you with an incredibly supportive community where you can pursue fitness, train hard, and dream big. From Kids BJJ to Gi and No-Gi Jiu Jitsu, we are your home for all things martial arts. Begin your journey in Upland today.
 Simply fill out the short form on your screen to learn more!

 1
 #### Our Exceptional Teachers Our expert instructors are here to teach you and your family skills that will help in every aspect of life. Confidence, discipline, self-defense, athleticism & leadership are just some of the things you can expect to gain!

 2
 #### Our Core Values We've centered our teaching styles around the physical and mental benefits of Jiu Jitsu. We create a healthy, safe & supportive environment to get everyone participating with each other to fall back on as support.

 3
 #### Our Community We are building a community within a community. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu has a way of bringing people together. We are dedicated to making Upland a stronger community by starting with ourselves first.

 4
 #### Our Promise We are here to provide the tools, the setting, and the support to reach your goals. With our help, we'll make sure that nothing stops you from reaching new heights that are in your sights!

 Request Information Now

 Kids Jiu Jitsu
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 No Gi Jiu Jitsu

 ## Creating Winning Attitudes

 ## Meet our Instructors Professor Lucas Leite
 Professor Nathalie Ribeiro
 Professor Richard Lopez
 Professor Mathias Luna
 Professor Christian Feliciano
 Professor Lavina Barbosa
 Professor Craig Turner
 Professor Frank Moreno
 Professor Bryan Saunders
 Professor Daniel Diniz
 Coach Stephanie Lopez
 Coach Samuel Aguilar
 Coach Andy Sanchez
 Coach Adrian Arceo

 Professors Lucas Leite and Marcelo Mafra under one roof ! Best place to train in SoCal period. 🏁 TEAM CHECKMAT 🏁 ....Read more
 #### Jon Dizzle

 To be the best in the world you must be open to learn and train with the best.. they build and make champions out of every one...there is nothing more wonderful than training with the athletes who prove it, Day after day , month after month , year after year. World champion after World Champion.. ....Read more
 #### Kevin-James Gonzalez

 This is the best BJJ school in the IE for sure. Not only do we get 1 world champion we get 2 who are multiple time world champions. Professors Lucas and Marcelo are both top notch and it&rsquo;s an honor to be a part of the fight studio and checkmat family ....Read more
 #### Rob Ayala

 ## Request more information

 ### Blog
 - Join Us For the Best Kids Jiu Jitsu in Upland Welcome To Our New Website! We’re Proud To Serve Upland with Kids Jiu Jitsu! At Lucas Leite Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (Fight Studio BJJ), we are working hard to go above and beyond for every person ...

 Professors Lucas Leite and Marcelo Mafra under one roof ! Best place to train in SoCal period. 🏁 TEAM CHECKMAT 🏁

 To be the best in the world you must be open to learn and train with the best.. they build and make champions out of every one...there is nothing more wonderful than training with the athletes who prove it, Day after day , month after month , year after year. World champion after World Champion.. come and test your own limits.. discover what and who you are under the forging... Ossssss

 This is the best BJJ school in the IE for sure. Not only do we get 1 world champion we get 2 who are multiple time world champions. Professors Lucas and Marcelo are both top notch and it’s an honor to be a part of the fight studio and checkmat family

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
