---
source_url: https://www.10thplanetpoway.com/kids-mma-classes/
final_url: https://www.10thplanetpoway.com/kids-mma-classes/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:42.818Z
---

## Kids MMA Program

 10th Planet Poway offers kids MMA classes to build confidence, discipline, and athletic ability in a structured environment.
 Our expert instructors teach striking, grappling, and self-defense techniques while emphasizing respect, teamwork, and perseverance.
 Through age-appropriate drills, interactive training, and live practice, we equip kids with skills that extend beyond the mat and into everyday life.

 Schedule A Trial Class

 ## Program Goals and Curriculum

 - Develop core martial arts skills - Promote physical fitness - Build confidence and discipline - Grappling and ground control - Encourage teamwork and respect - Prepare for future challenges

 ## Why Choose 10th Planet Poway for Kids MMA Classes?

 Our expert coaches are passionate about teaching and ensuring a positive learning experience for every child. We offer a safe and inclusive environment that encourages growth and confidence. With proven training methods in kids’ MMA classes and a community-focused approach, 10th Planet Poway is the ideal choice for your child’s martial arts journey.

 ## Meet Our Experts

 ### Kevin Berbrich

 ### Joshua Jackson

 ### Zach Schulz

 ### Samuel Enzminger

 ### Ludovick “Bobb’e” Bancod

 Instructors

 ### Brandon Rasgaitis

 ## What People Say About Us

 "I love everything about this place! I always feel welcome when I walk in and this place has quickly become my second home and all my training partners have become like family. Kevin who is the head instructor, has such an innovative style and makes learning entertaining and easy to understand. Every day I learn something new and after every practice, I've never felt better. Also there's showers here so if you have a longer drive home like myself (come from Temecula) then you can always shower before heading out. Hope this review helps bring you in and hope to see you on the mats!"

 Ruben R. Temecula, CA

 “Coach Kevin is dope and is always available for his students. Definitely a fun and family atmosphere. I've gotten my butt kicked but I'm going to keep coming back more because I want to get better. Definitely is addicting and fun and the schedule is awesome. Different class sizes every time so you'll be able to roll with a lot of different people with bigger classes and more 1-1 focus on the smaller classes."

 Matthew N. Westwood, Los Angeles, CA

 “Joining 10th planet poway has the absolute best decision. The instructor, Kevin, is extremely patient and helpful. I walked in two months ago knowing nothing about martial arts and the whole community is just fantastic, I've already learned so much! Everyones there to support one another and it's just a giant family. Awesome facility, awesome trainer, awesome crowd.”

 Sami M. San Diego, CA

 "Joining 10th Planet Poway is the best decision I've ever made. Definitely the best workout I've ever gotten. Coach Kevin is an incredible instructor. The moves you learn from him get you moving in ways you definitely haven't thought of. The training environment is safe and friendly. The team is like a huge family that will kick your a**, just for fun and you learn how to kick theirs. Whether you are here just for the work out or are here to compete. You'd be making a mistake if you didn't come check out this gym."

 Dylan B. Old Poway, Poway, CA

 I've been training here for four months now. I have fun every day, and never feel like I have to drag my ass to the gym. Don't get me wrong- its quite difficult. But the feeling of getting better every day in this sport when the stakes feel so high- it's irreplaceable. Kevin is the perfect coach. Willing to sit with you for a moment and go through the specifics of each move. He truly wants his students to grow and get better at the sport. He's a phenomenal jiu jitsu player but never gets too pretentious. The best part of his attitude is that it bleeds into his leadership for his students as well, and keeps everyone chill. I'll be here for as long as they'll have me, and have made getting my blue belt a primary goal in my life. Come try a class!

 Alex G. Escondido, CA

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 - What age should a kid start MMA?Kids can start MMA training as early as 4-6 years old, focusing on basic movements, coordination, and discipline. More structured techniques, including striking and grappling, are introduced as they grow older. - Is MMA suitable for kids?Yes! MMA classes for kids are great for them, teaching self-discipline, respect, confidence, and physical fitness in a safe and controlled environment. Proper training ensures injury prevention and age-appropriate skill development. - Is 13 too old to start MMA?Not at all! 13 is a great age to start MMA, as teens can quickly develop strength, technique, and flexibility. Many top fighters and martial artists began their training in their teens or even later.

 ## Schedule A Trial Class

 - Select program interest - Adult Jiu Jitsu (Ages 16+) Youth Jiu Jitsu (Ages 4-15) Both
 - How did you find us? - Google Search Instagram or Facebook Ad Gym Member Printed Flyer / Sign Walked By Other (Please Tell Us)
