---
source_url: https://the-grapplers-cove.gymdesk.com
final_url: https://the-grapplers-cove.gymdesk.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:26.557Z
---

WELCOME TO
 THE
 GRAPPLER'S
 COVE
 Train Like A Pro With Expert Trainers!
 GET STARTED

 About Us

 Let us be the first to welcome you to The Grappler's Cove (TM), where grapplers of all types can train and share ideas! At The Grappler's Cove (TM), we believe in the whole fighter concept that martial arts training is more than physical fitness and self-defense - it's about developing discipline, focus, and inner strength.
 The Grappler's Cove (TM) is proud to be an official affiliate of the Ronin Jiu-Jitsu Association, a globally recognized organization dedicated to the advancement of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Our Services

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is led by experienced BJJ Black Belts, offering instruction in ground-based grappling techniques designed for both self-defense and competition. Whether you're new to the art or an experienced practitioner, our BJJ program provides detailed training to help you improve your technique, build endurance, and gain confidence on the mat

 Judo

 Learn the dynamic art of Judo under the guidance of skilled Black Belt instructors. Our Judo program focuses on throws, joint locks, and pins, offering a balance between self-defense and competition training. Perfect for all levels, our classes help develop coordination, balance, and mental discipline while instilling a deep understanding of leverage and control.

 wrestling

 Our wrestling program is designed to enhance grappling skills, with a focus on takedowns, control, and transitions. Under the direction of our seasoned wrestling coaches, you'll develop strength, agility, and technique, whether you're training for fitness, fun, or competition. This program integrates well with other martial arts, offering a comprehensive grappling experience.

 Membership

 SINGLE
 MEMBERSHIP
 $150 / Month
 SIGN UP

 FAMILY
 MEMBERSHIP
 $220 / Month
 SIGN UP

 MAT FEE

 $20
 SIGN UP

 FREE TRIAL

 $0
 SIGN UP

 "Enjoy a 15% discount when you refer a friend—valid for one month after they sign up for a membership, so you can both train and save together!"

 "Military personnel and first responders receive a special 10% discount !"

 Membership Cancelation: Members must provide a 30-day notice to cancel or hold their membership, or they will be charged for the next month.

 Our Lineage

 Eduardo De Lima
 Description

 Joshua Miller
 Fourth degree black belt Professor Joshua Miller first opened Gracie Barra CSRA in 2005. His career in Jiu-Jitsu began upon meeting four stripe black belt Eduardo de Lima when de Lima first came to the US to open a Gracie Barra facility in the Tampa, Florida area. Joshua was a black belt in Shotokan Karate at the time, but was soon training under de Lima. He was awarded his Brown belt after winning the Tampa International in 2006, and earned his Black belt in 2008. Joshua also won the Gold at the Florida Open, and Bronze at the Pan American Games. He has trained at Gracie Barra Rio, as well as Gracie Barra America in Wake Forrest, California, and has coached multiple athletes to medal and win the Pan American and World Championship, as well as Pro and Amateur MMA.

 Sammy Simfukwe
 Professor Maybin Simfukwe “Sammy” is a first-degree black belt under Professor Joshua Miller. His Jiu-Jitsu journey began in 2009 while attending Drill Sergeant school. He is a retired US Army combat veteran who is level three combatives instructor and US Army Special Operations Combative Program trained. Professor Sammy is the head of the Ronin Jiu-Jitsu Association and has trained thousands of US military personnel and law enforcement officers in close combat tactics and techniques. He received his black belt from Professor Miller in March of 2019 and is the head Professor of BJJ in Fort Liberty, NC and Garami Cape Fear.

 Ramon Vazquez
 Ramon Vazquez is our Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Head Coach, and Owner of The Grappler's Cove. His journey began in 2012 when he trained in the US Army Modern Army Combatives Program (MACP). Ramon started his formal training in 2014 in Camp Casey, South Korea, under Kris Kim, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. He continued training upon his return and was a Modern Army Combatives Program (MACP) instructor for five years in the 82nd Airborne Division. He received his Black belt in September 2024 from Derek Lemos through Master Ricardo Cavalcanti. Ramon has competed in many grappling competitions and constantly seeks ways to share his passion.

 Testimonials

 J. Torres
 Great place. The instructor and his family are very welcoming. I've had a great time, and the small classes make for much more personalized training.
 David R
 I started at The Grappler's Cove with no prior martial arts experience, and it's been an incredible journey.
 Jessica M
 As a parent, I wanted my kids to learn discipline and self-defense, and The Grappler's Cove has delivered that and more. My children love their classes, and I even joined in myself!
 Samantha
 I love the cardio fitness classes at The Grappler's Cove! They’ve not only helped me stay fit but also complement my BJJ and Judo training. The workouts are fun, high-energy, and effective. It's the perfect balance of fitness and martial arts

 ready to start training ?
 GET STARTED

 - Phone (580) 215-2134 - Address 2610 SW Lee Blvd Ste. 2 Lawton, OK 73505 - Email thegrapplerscove@gmail.com
 - © The Grappler's Cove - - Powered by Gymdesk
