---
source_url: https://www.mindstatemovement.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://mindstatemovement.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:01.961Z
---

# Adult Jiu Jitsu At Mindstate, we are serious about building a community where we inspire and push each other in our jiu jitsu journeys. Whether you are just starting on your journey or are a seasoned jiu jitsu player, we want to create a supportive environment to push your limits and make you strong and disciplined.
 We offer classes every morning and evening for Adults in both Gi and No Gi technique. For those who want to compete, we offer specialized training to help you prepare for tournaments and matches. Our instructors have years of experience competing at the highest levels and can help you achieve your competitive goals. Check out our calendar to find times that will work for you.

 ## Youth Jiu Jitsu 6-14 yrs Our kids classes are designed to teach children the fundamentals of jiu jitsu in a fun and supportive environment. We focus on building confidence, discipline, and respect while teaching basic techniques and conditioning. We offer two classes. One as an introduction for newer students to practice movements needed in jiu jitsu. We practice forward rolls, shrimping, bear crawls, and games to develop physical awareness. Our Youth technique class focuses on techniques to drill with other students during matches. Both classes are good for beginner and advanced students.

 ## Tiny Tikes 3-5 yrs Our Tiny Tikes Program is intended for kids 3-5 years old. This class is a half hour and is filled with athletic games and movement drills to help with coordination, listening skills, and body awareness in a fun and supportive environment. This class lays the foundation for students then interested in moving into our 6-13 year old class where the kids learn real jiu jitsu technique. Even if your kids don't stay long term, it is a fun and exciting way for them to learn a little martial arts and keep their little bodies busy!

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
