---
source_url: https://www.mindstatemovement.com
final_url: https://mindstatemovement.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:02.153Z
---

JIUJITSU AND MOVEMENT

 # MINDSTATE MINDSTATE MINDSTATE MINDSTATE

 JIUJITSU AND MOVEMENT

 # MINDSTATE MINDSTATE MINDSTATE MINDSTATE

 #### Welcome to MindState

 Where Passion Meets Purpose

 MindState is the shared vision of owners Jeff Amendola and Stephanie Danyi, created to bring their expertise and passion to the Bluffton community. We offer specialized programs in
 Jiu Jitsu, Fitness, Movement, and Creative Dance.
 each led by one of our experienced founders.
 Whether you're looking to build strength, gain confidence, or find a new path to personal growth, MindState is here to support your journey.

 Now accepting new students in Bluffton, SC!

 Come train with us and experience the difference passion makes.

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program:
 Mindstate is dedicated to providing high-quality BJJ training to students of all ages and skill levels. Our experienced instructors are passionate about helping each student reach their full potential, both on and off the mat. Whether you are looking to improve your fitness, learn self-defense, or compete at the highest level, we have a program that is right for you.

 *We require all New Jiu Jitsu Students to do an "Introductory Lesson"
 prior to attending classes.*
 Email: MindStatebjj@gmail.com
 To schedule your complimentary lesson.

 Expanded Movement/Fitness Program:
 We’ve recently expanded our Movement Program to offer even more opportunities for you to grow, move, and feel your best. Our weekly classes now include:
 - Strength Training - Movement & Mobility - Flexibility & Recovery

 Whether you're just starting your fitness journey or looking to take your training to the next level, there's something here for you.

 We’re offering a
 !! FREE WEEK !!
 of training for our expanded
 Movement Program
 so you can experience the
 Mindstate difference and see if we’re the right fit for your goals.

 Artistic Movement Program:
 Pre-registration is open for our Creative Dance Program for Toddlers, Youth, and Adults. Offering classes in Contemporary, Modern, Hip Hop Yoga, and Choreography. Join our community and learn to tell your story through dance.

 Email us to get started!

 Contact us today for a Free Trial Class!

 ## CURRENT SCHEDULE

 ## Find us on...

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
