---
source_url: https://www.deepbluebrazilianjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.deepbluebrazilianjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:27.316Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 # Welcome to Deep Blue Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 ## Empowering Individuals Through The Art ### At Deep Blue Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, we believe in the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and are committed to making it accessible to all. ### ### No matter your age, fitness level, goals, or experience, we will make Brazilian Jiu Jitsu work for you. Our students' ages range from 4 to 66, come from diverse backgrounds, and have diverse goals. Jiu Jitsu brings everyone together and gives them the process and platform to help each other become better versions of themselves. You can read the personal journies of everyday people in the GR community at Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Grand Rapids. ### We offer a wide variety of classes, that will give you a structured plan to go from day one to mastery. Our detailed curriculum will guide you every step of the way, so that you can develop at a pace that you feel comfortable with. Our dedicated team of coaches all have the same mission: share Jiu Jitsu so that everyone has the opportunity to be empowered through the art. We offer a free week of training so that you can come check out our classes risk free. ### Join us, and come learn the art.

 7-Day Free Trial # 7-Day Free Trial Come learn the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu risk free! Get unlimited training for one week by filling out this form.
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Sign Me Up!
 Thank you! We will be in touch via email shortly. We can’t wait to get you started!

 - Phone (616) 420-4717 - Address 9175 Cherry Valley Ave SE Suite K Caledonia, MI 49316 - Email Members@DeepBlueBrazilianJiuJitsu.com Contact Us
 Visiting our gym for the first time?
 Great! We would love to have you. If you are interested in trying a class please book a free trial class to participate. Follow the sign up link , and choose the free trial class under membership options. You are more than welcome to hang out in our lobby and watch a class any time.

 - © Deep Blue Brazilian Jiu Jitsu - - Powered by Gymdesk
