---
source_url: https://americanajj.com/class-schedule/
final_url: https://americanajj.com/class-schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:43.517Z
---

## Class Schedule

 We look forward to training with you!

 Please scroll down to the calendar to register for morning yoga. Registration closes 4 hours before a session’s start time. Thank you.

 ## Class Descriptions & Schedule

 Kids Jiu Jitsu classes (ages 5-8) include a structured warm-up, technique instruction and drilling, positional drilling, and for those students who are ready, live rolling.
 Preteen Jiu Jitsu Class (ages 9-14) offers older kids and young teens their own space to train with students their size and age. Our schedule includes both gi and no-gi classes as well as an advanced preteen gi class. Teens age 15 and up are welcome to begin transitioning into our adult program.

 Kids Competition Prep & Conditioning classes provide additional instruction, conditioning, and support to students who are at a more advanced level with their training and/or are signed up for a competition.
 Adult Intro to Jiu Jitsu classes are offered weekly and free of charge. No experience required, just an interest in learning the basics of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in a friendly, welcoming environment. Come join us on the mats!
 Adult Jiu Jitsu classes include a warm-up, technique instruction and drilling, positional sparring, and live rolling. Takedowns and throws are routinely incorporated. Our weekly schedule includes both No-Gi and Gi classes.
 Adult striking classes are offered twice a week and are available as an add-on to a Jiu Jitsu membership or as a standalone membership.

 Open Mat does not include a formal warm-up or instruction, but offers our current adult and teen students time for live rolling and drilling. This is your time to work with a partner on anything you want!
 Yoga All-level Flow Classes are offered two mornings a week through a separate membership, with reduced rates offered to current Jiu Jitsu members. Yoga engages the mind, body, and soul (similarly to Jiu Jitsu) and provides a multitude of benefits, including improved strength, balance, and flexibility.
 Women’s Self Defense workshops are offered several times a year. These take the intimidation out of stepping onto the mats for the first time in a room filled primarily with men. Our workshops offer a relaxed environment in which to learn and practice Jiu Jitsu-based techniques that are effective in self defense scenarios. Private workshops can also be scheduled for your group of 6 or more.

 Private or semi-private lessons are always available.
 Parent/child private lessons are a great way for family members to learn the basics of the sport before transitioning to group classes. Contact us for more information!

 click Here to sign up for a free trial

 Notes:
 Additional parking in the lot across Mawhinney Avenue next to the dry cleaners.
 New students are always welcome! Registration is on an ongoing basis throughout the year.
 Yoga classes require a separate membership. Striking classes require an add-on or separate membership.
 Refund Policy:
 Monthly memberships must be cancelled in writing prior to the start of the month. Partial months will not be prorated. Memberships can be frozen or placed on hold due to injury or an extended planned absence. Please see your membership agreement for further information.
 Retail orders may be picked up at our academy in Hawthorne, NJ or shipped for an additional charge. Items purchased may be exchanged for a different size if they are unworn and still in original packaging. Items found to be defective may be returned for a refund or credit
