---
source_url: https://americanajj.com
final_url: https://americanajj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:47.829Z
---

Class Schedule

 Programs

 About AJJ

 Instructors

 ## Welcome!

 Americana offers classes for adults, teens, and children in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, a grappling-based martial art that utilizes leverage and technique to effectively allow a smaller, weaker opponent to win against a larger, stronger one.
 With an instructional team that includes multiple Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belts, we offer an adult gi and no-gi classes, and a kids and preteen program that incorporates physical fitness, self defense, and the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu – all while having fun!
 We also love working with scout and school groups!
 So whether you want to get in shape, compete, or learn how to defend yourself – or a combination of the three, Americana Jiu Jitsu is here to help you achieve your goals!
 Contact us today for your free trial class!
 First month of classes is just $99.

 click here to sign waiver

 ## get started with a Free Trial!

 Tour the academy, meet our staff, and start seeing how fun Jiu Jitsu is…
 We look forward to training with you!

 Click here for a free trial!

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu Program

 “Why should I train Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?”
 The reasons are endless!
 Jiu Jitsu is a full-body workout, effective self-defense, and incredible fun!
 It’s mentally and physically challenging – which may be just the thing you’re looking for if you’ve grown tired of hitting the gym. You’ll:
 - Gain self confidence and become physically fit - Improve problem solving ability and learn to remain calm under pressure - Increase endurance, strength, and flexibility - Gain stress relief and the potential for personal growth - Become healthier, stronger, and more confident
 For those who enjoy it, Jiu Jitsu becomes a lifestyle!
 ### “Why should I train at Americana?” There’s a Jiu Jitsu school out there for everyone! We think what we’ve built at Americana is pretty cool and hope you’ll agree:
 - Our classes are taught by a team of black belt instructors – which offers our students exposure to a variety of Jiu Jitsu styles, personalities, and teaching methods. - Our instructors are supportive, will take the time to get know you, and provide feedback. They also each actively train themselves and roll with students of all belt levels. - Our students strike the perfect blend of being friendly and welcoming yet challenging training partners. - Our program walks beginners through the fundamentals of the sport in a safe and controlled environment. - Our academy is state-of-the-art, bright, spacious, and most importantly, clean.
 …and at the end of the day, there’s an intangible feeling that we’re more than just an academy, we’re a community.
 Curious? Intrigued? Maybe still a little nervous to give it a try?
 Don’t worry!
 We’ve got this! We take the intimidation out of starting…
 Everyone comes to Jiu Jitsu with different strengths, abilities, and comfort levels so we offer both fundamentals and all-levels classes.
 D on’t be surprised if you find some of our advanced students attending our Fundamentals classes alongside you! As any Jiu Jitsu student will tell you, there’s no such thing as focusing too much on the fundamentals!
 If we’ve piqued your interest, contact us today to sign up for our free 8-week Intro to Jiu Jitsu program!
 We’d love for you to give Americana a try.

 Click here to Book Your Free Adult Jiu Jitsu Trial!

 ## Kids Jiu Jitsu Program

 Looking for a structured yet fun activity for your child?
 …to add physical fitness to your child’s week?
 …to teach respect, perseverance, and teamwork?
 …to help your child learn how to stand up to a bully?
 With our Kids Jiu Jitsu program, watch your child’s self-confidence and problem-solving skills soar while they stay physically fit with a martial art that’s fun and challenging for both their mind and body! They’ll:
 - Build strength and coordination - Improve speed, agility, and flexibility - Learn patience, courage, and how to deal with failure - Be able to stand up to bullies and intimidation
 We utilize positive reinforcement as well as the concepts of respect, discipline, and learning through play. Students are taught that verbal conflict resolution is always preferred, but will learn how to defend themselves if a situation turns physical. This gives them the confidence to tackle any challenge life throws at them!
 Many kids’ martial arts programs focus heavily on promotions. While our students do receive stripes and new belts as they progress, our priority is on their personal development and growth. The promotions follow from there.
 Contact us today for a free trial. Together, let’s give your child the gift of confidence with Jiu Jitsu!

 Click here to Book Your Free KIDS Jiu Jitsu Trial!
