---
source_url: https://www.martialartsofnc.com/page/programs
final_url: https://martialartsofnc.com/page/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:17.363Z
---

# Programs ## Children's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Your child will learn balance and body control, develop respect and discipline, and establish lifelong habits of physical activity. For ages 4-6, the class is every Tuesday and Thursday from 4:30 to 5:00 pm. For ages 7-15, class is every Monday through Thursday from 5:00 to 6:00 pm and every Saturday from 11:00 am to 12:00 pm.
 ## Children's Homeschool Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Take advantage of our Children's Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for your homeschool-age child. Classes are on Wednesdays from 1:00 to 1:30 for ages 4-6 and 1:30 to 2:30 for ages 7-15.
 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Train with the best in Fayetteville. We offer scalable instruction to meet the needs of any skill level and we work hard to maintain an ego-free environment where you train with complete self-confidence. You will learn powerful throws and takedowns, ground control and defensive strategies, and develop lightning-quick transition and submission skills to help you come out on top. The class is every weeknight from 6:00 to 8:00 pm as well as Monday and Wednesdays from 11:30am-1:00pm and every Saturday from 12:00 to 2:00 pm.
 ## Self Defense Learn self-defense techniques that could save your life! We provide proven and effective self-defense training that will help you gain self and situational awareness. You will learn chokes, joint locks, and submissions that work. We strive to create a supportive environment where you can focus and get the confidence you need to live life to the fullest! The class is every Monday and Friday from 5:00 to 6:00 pm and Saturday from 1:00 to 2:00 pm.
 ## Emotional Well-Being & Adaptive Program Our programs serve children with Autism Spectrum Disorder, Lear ning or Intellectual Disabilities or Delays, and children with Social and Emotional Well-Being needs. We provide sensory-friendly training in a safe and fun environment supervised by a licensed therapist. Children can learn coordination, gain self-confidence, and emotional self-regulation, and make healthy habits for life. Classes are once a week Tuesday through Friday, times vary based on needs and age. Call us today to learn more and schedule an assessment!

 Deal of the Month! # Deal of the Month! DEAL OF THE MONTH!!
 25% off all New members!
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Leave a comment (optional) Send!
 Thank you! We will be in contact shortly.

 - Phone 910-493-3288 - Address 2706 Bragg Blvd Fayetteville, NC 28303 - Email info@martialartsofnc.com Contact Us
 - © Martial Arts of NC - - Powered by Gymdesk
