---
source_url: http://www.depalmaskarate.com/page/programs
final_url: https://depalmaskarate.com/page/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:03.484Z
---

# Programs Our Programs & Classes

 Students and enthusiasts of Kenpo have many reasons for their interest in this and other martial art styles. Some are drawn to the physical fitness and weight-loss aspects of training. Others seek to add discipline and self control to their lives. While still, others are concerned about safety and self-defense.
 Whether you are interested in our programs for mental or physical well being, DePalma's Team USA Martial Arts offers a number of programs that will fit your developmental needs and your busy schedule as well.

 Click here to view our Class Schedule

 Kenpo Karate
 Our school is based off the American Kenpo Karate System. We offer separate classes for: Lil' Dragons - ages 3.5 - 6 Kids - ages 6 - 12 (classes are divided by rank) Teens/Adults - high school and up (divided by rank)
 Lil' Dragons
 Our Lil' Dragon's program is designed to help kids ages 3.5 - 6 to learn the difference between self-discipline and discipline, respect and most importantly how to set goals. We believe that if we can teach goal setting to young children they will be able to achieve anything they wish in life. Lil' Dragons do not work on self-defense but rather concentrate on kata to develop their physical skills.
 Self-Defense
 All of our classes are based off of practical self-defense techniques. Our schools teach on a 5 week cycle, we cycle back and forth from techniques to kata. This way we can spend time on each thing to get the most out of it and best at it.
 Please Contact Us if you have any questions about our programs or would like to know about other programs that may not be listed here.

 - Phone 480 892-3949 - Email depalmas.hq@gmail.com
 - © DePalma's Team USA Martial Arts - - Powered by Gymdesk
