---
source_url: http://www.basecampbjj.com
final_url: https://www.basecampbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:52.852Z
---

- - -

 #### START YOUR 7 DAY FREE TRIAL

 # BUILDING CONFIDENCE
 # BUILDING CHARACTER
 START YOUR TRIAL

 ## ABOUT BASE CAMP BJJ
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on grappling and ground-fighting with the goal of gaining a dominant position and using joint-locks and chokeholds to force an opponent to submit. Base Camp BJJ is proud to offer this art form to kids and adults. ​
 We're located at a 612 S. Mt. Shasta Blvd, Base Camp BJJ offers over 20 classes per week to kids and adults. For questions about our programs, please contact us or call Woody at 469-328-9664 .

 ## meet the team

 ##### WOODY HOSLER
 Owner and Head Instructor Woody Hosler (2nd Degree Black Belt) began training BJJ in 2008 under Matthias Meister at NOLA BJJ in New Orleans, LA, In 2011, after relocating to Dallas, TX he continued his training at Octagon MMA, where he further developed his passion for the “gentle art” under the guidance of Octavio Couto Jr. In October 2018 Woody was promoted to black belt by Octavio Couto Jr. and Rafael Lang. ​ ​

 ##### BOBBY HAMILL
 Coach Bobby started training under Bruno Bastos in September of 2015 in Midland Texas. In July of 2016 he received his blue belt on the podium of the American Nationals (Bruno Bastos). He received his purple belt on the podium of Master Worlds (Bruno Bastos).
 In May 2023 he was awarded his black belt under Tanner Rice. ​ ​

 ## NEW STUDENT INFO
 ##### READY TO GET STARTED? ### ​ Start your 7 Day Free Trial today.
 Want to know what to expect for your first class? Check out our What to Expect page here. Please arrive 15 minutes before class your first class.
 ​
 ##### GI LOAN PROGRAM ### ​ Base Camp BJJ wishes to t hank all of our friends and supporters who have contributed to our "Gi Loan Library". New Students can borrow Gis without pressure. Please speak to Woody about our Gi loan program details and COVID safety.

 # 7DAY FREE TRIAL
 START YOUR TRIAL
 ##### COS LAW ENFORCEMENT ACADEMY ### ​ Base Camp BJJ is proud to welcome all active College of the Siskiyou Law Enforcement Academy Cadets. Contact Woody regarding your complimentary membership.
 ​
 ##### CONTACT INFORMATION ### ​ 612 S. Mt. Shasta Blvd.,
 Mt. Shasta, CA 96067

 E-mail: basecampbjj@gmail.com
 Telephone: 469-328-9664

 I have been a part of various martial arts for many years but having said that I am a beginner on the BJJ journey. Woody and Bobby are both excellent instructors and practitioners and we are lucky to have them in this small town.

 JON W.
