---
source_url: https://www.graciesanfrancisco.com/classes
final_url: https://www.graciesanfrancisco.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:27.951Z
---

# ”be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind” # -Carlos gracie sr.

 Adult classes

 - gi Gi classes focus on traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training while wearing the kimono (gi). Students learn techniques that use grips on the uniform for control, submissions, and defense, building both technical skill and a deeper understanding of the art. Training in the gi will teach you how to use these grips in both self-defense and competition Jiu-Jitsu situations. - No-Gi No-Gi classes focus on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques without the traditional uniform. Training is done in athletic wear such as rash guards and shorts, emphasizing grips on the body, solid positioning, and fluid movement for control and submissions. - Private Lessons We offer private lessons to help you get fast tracked towards your goals. We can work with you on your gi, no-gi, wrestling, or self-defense skill sets. Private lessons can also be a great way to get introduced to Jiu-Jitsu as a beginner at your own pace.

 Kids classes

 - 5-7 years old The 5-7 year old program is aimed at introducing your child to the basics of Jiu-jitsu in a fun and safe environment. We want to instill core values like self-confidence, respect, and discipline while teaching them coordination, listening skills, and how to work with others. - 7-9 years old The 7-9 year old program works to increase their understanding of Jiu-jitsu fundamentals as well as character development. This program will include a more in depth focus on techniques and sparring. - 10-14 years old The 10-14 year old class aims to build a solid foundation of Jiu-jitsu techniques and concepts. Kids will be practicing fundamentals as well as exploring some advanced techniques. They will spar more compared to younger age groups and be prepared for adult style training.
