---
source_url: https://www.graciesanfrancisco.com
final_url: https://www.graciesanfrancisco.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:28.259Z
---

San Francisco, CA

 ## Self-Defense and personal development
 ##

 # Our Philosophy

 Learn more
 Learn more

 Here at Charles Gracie Richmond District we believe in teaching modern Jiu-Jitsu with traditional values. We use a blend of ecological, traditional, and chain drilling based training methods to help you understand Jiu-Jitsu quickly and efficiently. Our goal is to get you fit, durable, and confident in your ability to protect yourself and use Jiu-Jitsu for whatever context you need. That may be competition, losing weight, or even just learning something new for fun. Martial arts is a great tool to improve yourself and we are committed to help you reach your goals.

 # Class Schedule

 Adult classes

 - gi Gi classes focus on traditional Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training while wearing the kimono (gi). Students learn techniques that use grips on the uniform for control, submissions, and defense, building both technical skill and a deeper understanding of the art. Training in the gi will teach you how to use these grips in both self-defense and competition Jiu-Jitsu situations. - No-Gi No-Gi classes focus on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques without the traditional uniform. Training is done in athletic wear such as rash guards and shorts, emphasizing grips on the body, solid positioning, and fluid movement for control and submissions. - Private Lessons We offer private lessons to help you get fast tracked towards your goals. We can work with you on your gi, no-gi, wrestling, or self-defense skill sets. Private lessons can also be a great way to get introduced to Jiu-Jitsu as a beginner at your own pace.

 Kids classes

 - 5-7 years old The 5-7 year old program is aimed at introducing your child to the basics of Jiu-jitsu in a fun and safe environment. We want to instill core values like self-confidence, respect, and discipline while teaching them coordination, listening skills, and how to work with others. - 7-9 years old The 7-9 year old program works to increase their understanding of Jiu-jitsu fundamentals as well as character development. This program will include a more in depth focus on techniques and sparring. - 10-14 years old The 10-14 year old class aims to build a solid foundation of Jiu-jitsu techniques and concepts. Kids will be practicing fundamentals as well as exploring some advanced techniques. They will spar more compared to younger age groups and be prepared for adult style training.

 ## Follow us on Instagram @gracie_richmonddistrict

 # Contact Us If you have any questions, would like to drop in, or start your 3 class free trial please send us a message and we’ll get right back to you.
