---
source_url: http://lamamartialarts.com
final_url: https://lamamartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:41.836Z
---

### After School Program - Enrollment Open!
 #### Now taking enrollments for our Afterschool Pickup Program and Summer Camp! Lexington Academy of Martial Arts (LAMA) would like to emphasize that we are a martial arts facility first… which means character development is what we do! We ARE NOT a daycare center — far from it.
 We offer after-school services because they are beneficial to parents. Our program provides transportation from school, homework supervision, and after-school martial arts classes, in addition to regularly scheduled classes. LAMA’s Afterschool Program is open most days that FCPS is closed, including snow and in-service days.
 We Offer:
 - Full Day NTI - After School Pick Up - Temp Screening Strict Sanitization - Safe And Supervised Learning Space - Camps: Spring, Summer, Fall, & Winter - Martial Arts Lessons Available

 #### Secure Your Kids Spot Today!

 ### Start Today and ## Change Your Life Welcome to Lexington Academy of Martial Arts {LAMA}. We thank you for choosing LAMA as your martial arts school. We are dedicated to helping you and/or your child learns the philosophies and attitudes of Taekwondo, as well as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and gain the discipline and defense skills that they offer.
 The following information will better prepare the student for training with our school and instructors. Our professional staff is here to help and guide the student toward greater self-confidence and better physical conditioning. Martial Arts training will improve balance, coordination, flexibility, and reaction speed.

 ## Features Martial Arts is very important to Lexington Academy of Martial Arts. Our instructors are here to guide, instruct, and motivate our members to be the best they can be and impact Lexington in a positive way. We are here to help parents raise their children to be confident leaders, boost their self-esteem, feel healthy, and get in great physical shape.
 Through our practice and teaching we strive to produce individuals who are positive, respected, and contributing members of society. We have an open-door policy – therefore, if there is anything we can do to further assist you, or if there is anything you wish to discuss (problem, concern, or a compliment), please feel free to speak with one of us.

 - - Focus Many parents see an improvement in their child’s learning and an increased attention span and focus in school - Social We create a friendly atmosphere where the children are motivated to help each other achieve their individual goals. - Strength Child-obesity is a serious problem in the United States, so introducing your child to martial arts is a great way to get them moving!

 #### L'il ### LAMAs Our L’il LAMAs program is designed specifically for children ages 4-6 years old. Your child will train with other children in their age group, allowing them to feel comfortable and more capable of achieving excellence in a fun and safe learning environment.
 Learn More

 #### Juniors ### Martial Arts Our Martial Arts programs in Taekwondo focus predominantly involves punching, kicking, and striking. Many parents choose to sign their children up because it teaches confidence, perseverance, and self-defense skills.
 Learn More

 #### Adults ### Martial Arts Taekwondo is a very systematic martial art from Korea that involves head-height kicks, spinning, jumping, and fast kicking techniques. Taekwondo is recognized as one of the oldest forms of martial arts and one of the more popular forms to learn.
 Learn More

 #### Kids ### Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is an intense, aerobic, and anaerobic workout that helps any child’s fitness and health improve. It is a fun exercise for children to develop body coordination as well as personal development and growth.
 Learn More

 #### Adults ### Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting as self-defense. Jiu-Jitsu has recently become more popular and is noted to be one of the fastest-growing MMA sports in the United States.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - If you are looking for a challenge, if you want to grow personally and improve your overall health this is the place for you. L.A.M.A. is for everyone, young or old... Florence Mahoney Student - Respect, Integrity, Courage, Strength, and Commitment, all qualities that I think of when I think of Tina Hersal, Jamal Mohammed, and their team of instructors. Michelle Tucker Parent

 #### ### Spring & Summer Camps Click for more information about our spring and summer camps!
 Click for more information about our spring and summer camps!
 Learn More

 #### After School ### Program Our school services are designed to benefit parents and students alike!
 Our school services are designed to benefit parents and students alike!
 Learn More

 #### School ### Schedule View our school schedule for more information about class times!
 View our school schedule for more information about class times!
 View Schedule
