---
source_url: http://www.summitjiu-jitsu.com
final_url: https://www.summitjiu-jitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:01.838Z
---

Summit Jiu-Jitsu

 Welcome! Click below to learn more about joining our community!

 Start your free trail!!
 Start your free trail!!

 # Our Classes

 J unior Grapplers ages 7+

 Provide your child with the confidence they need to grow and thrive! Sign your child up now!
 This monthly membership includes unlimited access to the following classes:
 Monday- Kids Gi 5:30pm—6:30pm
 Wednesday - Kids Gi 5:30pm—6:30pm
 Friday - Kids No Gi 5:30pm—6:30pm
 Only $99 per month! No contract required!

 Adult Membership

 Ready to start something new and exciting? Join our school today!
 This monthly membership includes unlimited access to the class schedule below:
 Monday - Gi 6:30pm—7:30pm
 Tuesday -
 Lunch Time Rolls Gi & No Gi 12pm - 1pm
 Women’s Only Gi/No Gi 6:30pm—7:30pm
 Wednesday - Gi 6:30pm—7:30pm
 Thursday - Youth Submission Wrestling: 5:30pm-6:30pm
 Adult Advanced Jiu-Jitsu Gi/No-Gi: 6:30-7:30pm
 Friday - No Gi 6:30pm—7:30pm
 Saturday - Open Mat 10:00am—12:00pm
 Only $120 per month! No contract required!
 10% discount for Military, First Responders, LEO, & Students

 Family/Group Memberships and Other Services

 Family/Group Memberships:
 After one full membership, each additional membership is $20 off!
 Packages:
 One Class per Week Package: $75 per month
 Introduction to Jiu-Jitsu class
 A class specifically designed to introduce the basic movements, positions, and concepts associated with jiu-jitsu and our school.
 This private class is $75 for you or your family to attend together. Sign up, the amount of this class is taken off of your first month’s membership!
 Private Lessons
 Elevate your game with private lessons! Email us to schedule! ($75/hour)
 Gift Certificates
 Give the ultimate gift of jiu-jitsu in customizable amounts based on your budget!
 Purchase months, classes, or private lessons!
 We also provide loaner gis to get people started.

 ## Follow us on Social!

 Instagram
 Instagram

 Facebook
 Facebook

 # Schedule
