---
source_url: http://somajj.com
final_url: https://www.somajj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:19.353Z
---

GET YOUR FREE INTRODUCTORY WEEK TODAY!

 # Soma Academy
 ### Gracie Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 FREE INTRO WEEK FIND A LOCATION

 ## Welcome to Soma Academy: Unlocking Your Full Potential

 Have you been looking for a challenging workout that not only strengthens your body but also sharpens your mind? Welcome to Soma Academy, where we are committed to unlocking the full potential of our students. Our name comes from the Greek word sōma, which means body. Although Jiu-Jitsu is considered one of the most effective forms of martial art in the world, it is also one of the earliest forms of physical and mental workouts.

 At Soma Academy, we are committed to providing a supportive and safe environment where all students can learn, grow, and achieve their goals. Our team of experienced instructors will work with you on an individual basis to help you achieve your personal goals, whether you are looking to lose weight, improve your physical fitness, or learn self-defense.

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that was developed from traditional Japanese Jiu-Jitsu and brought to Brazil by Mitsuyo Maeda in the early 20th century. BJJ emphasizes ground fighting, where the goal is to control your opponent and submit them using various chokes, joint locks, and other techniques. BJJ is known for its effectiveness in real-life situations and mixed martial arts competitions.

 At Soma Academy, we embrace the principles and techniques of BJJ and tailor our teaching methods to meet the needs of our students, whether they are beginners or advanced practitioners. Our classes focus on both the physical and mental aspects of BJJ, including conditioning, technique, strategy, and mindset.

 Soma Academy Classes

 ### Little Porcupines (Ages 3-6) ### (30 Minute Class, 2 times per week)
 Children love our Little Porcupines Jiu-Jitsu program. It's designed for kids aged 3-6. Watch your child's fitness, self-confidence, discipline, motor skills, and character soar in a fun, friendly, structured environment.

 ### Juniors (Ages 7-10) ### (45 Minute Class, 2 times per week)
 Our exciting Juniors Jiu-Jitsu program is designed for kids aged 7-10! We focus on building self-confidence, discipline, fitness and character and teach students how to defend against bullying and other challenges.

 ### Teens (Ages 11-15) ### (45 Minute Class, 2 times per week)
 Our Teens Jiu-Jitsu program helps teens build self-confidence and discipline! It focuses on reality-tested self-defense, so your child can handle bullying and various other stressful situations they'll face in life.

 ### Adult Foundations (Ages 16 & Up)
 Our Adult Foundations Jiu-Jitsu program is designed for everyone aged 16 and up, regardless of your experience level. Self-defense should be practical and accessible to everyone, regardless of time, weight, age, or athletic ability. Whether you're a newcomer or a seasoned Jiu-Jitsu student, our program is tailored to help you improve from day one. Say goodbye to excuses and hello to immediate progress!

 ### Adult Advanced (3 Stripes & Up)
 Our Adult Advanced Jiu-Jitsu program is designed specifically for experienced Jiu-Jitsu students. Take your Jiu-Jitsu skills to the next level as you train alongside other high-level students. With a structured curriculum tailored to the needs of advanced learners, you'll elevate your practice and achieve new heights in your martial arts journey. Don't miss out on this exclusive opportunity to excel in Jiu-Jitsu!

 Women's Only Class

 Our Women's Only Jiu-Jitsu class is a supportive, high-energy training environment designed by women, taught by women, for women. Whether you are a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, this class focuses on building confidence, technique, and resilience in a comfortable and encouraging space.

 Starting January 8th, 2026 , the Women's Only Jiu-Jitsu class at our Dayton location will be offered on Thursdays from 6:00-7:00 PM!!

 ### Private Lessons
 Unleash your potential with our Private Jiu Jitsu Lessons! Experience personalized training tailored to your goals and skill level. Our expert instructors will guide you every step of the way. Elevate your Jiu Jitsu game with personalized attention! Our Private Lessons course offers tailored instruction to help you reach your goals faster. Limited spots available. Unlock your potential! Ready to take your game to the next level? Enroll now!

 ### Jiu Jitsu Group Seminars
 Elevate your students' jiu jitsu skills with an exclusive seminar from 5th degree black belt Matt Strack! With years of experience and a passion for teaching, Matt offers tailored group seminars that will take your school's jiu jitsu game to the next level. From mastering techniques to developing a champion's mindset, Matt's seminars provide invaluable insights for practitioners of all levels. Contact Matt today for details!

 ### Small Group Self-Defense
 Soma Academy offers Small Group Self-Defense classes! Led by our experienced instructors, these intimate sessions are designed to provide personalized attention and help you master essential techniques in a supportive environment.
 Whether you're a beginner or looking to refine your skills, this is the perfect opportunity to invest in your personal safety and well-being. Limited spots are available to ensure optimal learning conditions.

 ### Contact your local Soma Academy Now For Your FREE Week of Jiu Jitsu!

 # Are you ready to unlock your full potential and achieve your personal goals?

 Join Soma Academy Today!

 Are you ready to unlock your full potential and achieve your personal goals? Join the Soma Academy today and experience the physical and mental benefits of BJJ training. Our classes are open to students of all ages and skill levels, and we offer a range of membership options to fit your schedule. Contact us today to learn more and schedule your first class.

 At Soma Academy, we are committed to unlocking the full potential of our students by providing a supportive and safe environment where they can learn, grow, and achieve their personal goals. Whether you are looking to improve your physical fitness, learn self-defense, or develop mental toughness, BJJ training can help you achieve your goals. Join our community today and experience the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 Soma Academy Locations

 ## Oxford, OH
 (937) 503-7005
 5170 College Corner Pike
 Oxford, OH 45056

 BOOK A FREE TRIAL CLASS

 ## West Chester, OH
 (937) 503-7005
 4868 Union Center Pavillion Dr.
 West Chester, OH 45069

 CONTACT US CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## Dayton, OH
 (937) 503-7005
 101 E. Alex Bell Rd, Suite 140Centerville, OH, 45459

 CONTACT US CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## Kokomo, IN
 CALL US
 (765) 416-3453
 1201 S. Seventeenth St.
 Kokomo, IN 46902

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## Idaho Falls, ID
 CALL US
 (208) 524-4414
 545 3rd St.
 Idaho Falls, ID 83401

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## Rexburg, ID
 CALL US
 (208) 516-0540
 26 College Ave
 Rexburg, ID 83440

 CLASS SCHEDULE

 SIGN UP
 (937) 503-7005

 Terms of Use

 Privacy Policy

 Share by:
