---
source_url: http://underworldbjj.com
final_url: https://underworldbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:44.139Z
---

# UNDERWORLDBRAZILIANJIU-JITSU

 SEE CLASS SCHEDULE

 WELCOME TO

 ## UNDERWORLD BJJ

 WELCOME TO

 ## UNDERWORLD BJJ

 Underworld BJJ is a place where everyday people can go to educate themselves on the various aspects of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, and Boxing. While learning useful defense tactics, you are also a member of a team that will help each other achieve fitness goals. Through constant training and education, our students become knowledgeable of the most effective techniques in self-defense.

 FIND OUT MORE

 ## New Friends & Mentors Feel comfortable while learning effective techniques

 ## Discipline & Self-Control Martial Arts is the foundation of teaching discipline

 ## Confidence & Self-Esteem

 From an Ordinary Citizen to a

 # IN SHAPE BJJ PRACTITIONER

 Stop by anytime during our scheduled hours to try out a class for free.
 We welcome everyone to experience the benefits of jiu-jitsu.

 VIEW OUR CLASS SCHEDULE

 TRAIN, endure, AND TRANSFORM!

 JOIN NOW !

 ## TRAINING AS A LIFESTYLE

 Whether you’re relatively new to Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu or a longtime practitioner, chances are you’ve heard the phrase, “living the jiu-jitsu lifestyle.” This phrase encompasses more than the day-to-day training on the martial art, but rather one’s entire lifestyle. The habits you develop off the mat are just as important as the habits you develop on the mat. If you’ve never been involved in athletics at a high level, you likely have not invested much energy into optimizing your sleep and nutrition, which are the main pillars of recovery.
 Once you start training consistently, you realize how important recovery is. If you can’t recover in time for your next training session, you won’t get as much out of it physically or mentally. Prioritizing sleep and nutrition will make your training sessions not only more effective but also more enjoyable.
 Another aspect of this lifestyle is your social circle. Often, when you begin training Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, you develop strong bonds with your teammates. You may do various different activities together other than simply training. This can cause your social environment to change a bit because when you hang around people with similar goals, you often find yourself pushing each other to accomplish those goals.

 ### EXCLUSIVE OFFER

 Access Our Schedule! Fill in the information required to enjoy a copy of our
 class schedules, programs, and more!

 ### Photo Gallery

 ## Martial Arts Classes in Anne Arundel County

 Underworld Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu proudly offers top-notch martial arts classes in Anne Arundel County. Our comprehensive curriculum is designed to provide a well-rounded education in the art of jiu-jitsu , ensuring that students at all levels achieve their personal goals. Whether you’re looking to improve your physical fitness, learn self-defense, or compete at a high level, our expert instructors have you covered. Our martial arts programs in Arundel County are suitable for all ages and skill levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners. We emphasize the importance of discipline, respect, and continuous learning, which are essential components of both martial arts and everyday life. Located conveniently in Anne Arundel County, our state-of-the-art facility provides a safe and welcoming environment for you to train in. We offer a variety of classes that cater to different interests and schedules, making it easy for residents of Anne Arundel County to incorporate jiu-jitsu into their daily routines. Our instructors are highly experienced and passionate about teaching, ensuring that each student receives personalized attention and guidance. If you’re in Arundel County and looking for a way to enhance your fitness and self-defense skills, look no further than Underworld Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Join our martial arts community in Anne Arundel County and experience the benefits of training with us. We’re dedicated to helping you achieve your full potential through the practice of jiu-jitsu. Enroll today and become a part of the best martial arts program in Anne Arundel County. Discover the transformative power of jiu-jitsu with Underworld Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 ## We Offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Boxing and More

 Here at Underworld BJJ we have something for everyone. Whether you are interested in getting fit, becoming more disciplined, learning self-defense or improving your boxing skills, we offer an unparalleled community, conveniently located in the heart of Anne Arundel County, near Severna Park, Old Mill, Gambrills and Annapolis.

 We offer the following:

 - Boxing Gym - Boxing Lessions - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Adults - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu For Women - Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for Kids

 Call (301) 969-1848
 301 Najoles Rd #202
 Millersville, MD 21108

 ## The Potential Benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for Children with ADHD by ubjjadmin | December 2, 2020 | Boxing , Kids Jiu-Jitsu , Self-Defense , Uncategorized , Women's Jiu-Jitsu | 1 Comment
 Millersville, MD - August 2, 2024 In recent years, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) has gained popularity as an effective activity for children, especially those with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). This martial art offers a unique combination of physical...

 Read More
