---
source_url: https://www.cscmhk.com/programs
final_url: https://www.cscmhk.com/programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:47.224Z
---

## PROGRAMS

 ##### BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art, combat sport, and self-defense system that is one of the most popular and fastest growing activities today. BJJ emphasizes ground fighting techniques, which involve various submissions using chokes and joint locks to dominate and submit the attacker. Students wear the traditional gi
 during these programs.
 Classes are taught OR overseen by Joe Wilk and Andy Wefald, both black belts in BJJ under Daniel Nycz De Lima of Gracie Barra Miami. //graciebarramiami.com/

 KICKBOXING

 ##### KICKBOXING An action packed class, kickboxing focuses on kicks, punches, knees and elbows while also providing an intense cardio workout. These classes will provide competency in the stand-up game, as well as the confidence and conditioning to execute the techniques.

 ###### MMA
 ##### MIXED MARTIAL ARTS Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) and no-gi jiu-jitsu classes are taught without the traditional gi (uniform of BJJ). Although these classes still focus on dominate body positions and submissions; the emphasis is geared towards techniques that are relevant in today’s world of competitive MMA.

 ##### ADULT CLASSES Adult Classes are geared towards technique education and development. Classes have all different levels of skills and abilities train at the same time. 1-2 techniques are taught per class in a group setting and participants pair up to practice the techniques. Instructors then work one on one and answer any questions that you may have on the techniques that were taught. At the end of every class, we leave time to work with a training partner to roll or light spar.

 ##### YOUTH CLASSES Youth Classes are broken up into one of two groups primarily based upon size and ability of the child. Our youth classes aim to teach the primary techniques while enforcing discipline and respect in an environment that is both fun and encouraging. Our team of instructors focus to ensure that kids are engaged and learning techniques while focusing both on safety and helping kids understand when to, and when not to, use the techniques they have learned.

 Start Your Free Trial
 - -
