---
source_url: http://www.infinitybjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://infinitybjj.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:53.117Z
---

# Santee Kids Martial Arts

 ## Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Include BJJ, Muay Thai, And More! At Infinity BJJ, we are proud to work with students from all across Santee and El Cajon, offering a high-energy Kids Martial Arts program that has something for all ages and interests. Our training includes professional instruction in the arts of Muay Thai, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and sport-style Wrestling. We tailor every session to meet the needs of all experience levels.
 Learn more today by simply filling out the short form on your screen.
 ## Why Is Our Kids Martial Arts System Right For Your Child? We're working hard to push beyond the limitations of cookie-cutter martial arts training. Rather than focusing solely on traditional disciplines like karate or taekwondo, we offer students the chance to find the discipline they like best.
 At Infinity BJJ, your child will have the chance to take on some of the world's most popular disciplines and enjoy professional instruction on the path to well-rounded skills. Our Kids Martial Arts classes here in Santee include:
 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Our programs are in two age groups: Littles BJJ (4-6 years old), and Kids BJJ (7-12) years old. This ground-based discipline is perfect for students of all skill sets. We focus on ground control and leverage while offering students a step-by-step approach to timing, technique, and body positioning. Our BJJ classes can help your child develop:
 - Coordination and body control - Mobility and flexibility - Strength and stamina
 Kids Muay Thai: Muay Thai teaches you how to use every limb of your body to strike an opponent and stay out of harm's way. We offer students the chance to learn lightning-quick punches, kicks, and defensive strategies. Your child can take on:
 - Incredible athleticism - Well-rounded speed and strength - Effective bully prevention skills
 Wrestling: Our Youth Wrestling program is the perfect way to introduce young students to the world of sport-style ground fighting. We'll start with the basics of positioning and leverage before moving on to point-based strategies and submission skills. We're offering students the chance to take on:
 - Locks and holds from any position - Defensive maneuvers to regain control - Proven submission skills to help you come out on top
 ## PLUS, All Of Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Focus On Vital Life Skills That Can Serve Your Child For Years To Come! We know how much our students love challenging themselves and showing off their new skills. But we also know that you're looking for a whole lot more in your child's development that just physical success.
 That's why our Kids Martial Arts program focuses on setting students up for well-rounded success. We want our students to be confident and respectful and disciplined in everything they do.
 At Infinity BJJ, your child will have the chance to take on:
 - Focus and attention to detail - Unwavering self-confidence - Leadership and teamwork skills - Perseverance in the face of any challenge
 ## Get Started Today With The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Santee And El Cajon! If you're ready to set your child up for success and help them have fun challenging themselves every single day, come see us here at Infinity BJJ in Santee today. We're proud to work with students of all ages and experience levels and we can't wait for your child to get started.
 Learn more about our Kids Martial Arts classes today by simply filling out the short form on your screen!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us Here In Santee For The Best Martial Arts Training In Town! Request information

 Our child was skeptical and unsure at first, he had zero clue. He didn't appreciate the pain, but once he learned 'Pain No Gain,' defensive techniques, and trying out, and experienced Fun Friday, he wants to go back! Eugene was amazing in communication and setting us up for the process. Ever was awesome in checking us in, explaining the ropes, and getting us started. We were able to sport their gi while trying out. Coach Trevor has a great knack & unique and special kind of patience for children during training. He's also well disciplined and knows how to keep on task. We are very impressed, happy, and satisfied with everything and how organized everyone is. We will make sure our child remains committed.

 Awesome place and very applicable for any age. BJJ is awesome! And its a workout that I never knew would challenge me in a way to come back for more!

 Class schedules are very convenient, the coaches are super helpful, and the fellow students are very welcoming. Everyone from the different skill levels is learning in their own way but also patient with each other. My son loves his class!

 Highly recommend this studio!

 We’ve had such a great experience at here! The instructors are truly awesome, patient, encouraging, and great with kids. My daughter was super timid at first and didn’t even want to try, but after her first trial class, she was all in and excited to go back for more.

 The class times work perfectly with our busy schedule, and I really appreciate the flexibility they offer. The unlimited classes and no long-term contract make it so much easier for families, especially since they allow pauses during other sports seasons, which is a huge help for parents juggling multiple activities.

 And a fun heads up—if you have siblings enrolled together, be prepared… they will be practicing their moves at home 😂
 Highly recommend for anyone looking to build confidence, discipline, and have fun!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
