---
source_url: http://www.infinitybjj.com/services/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://infinitybjj.com/services/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:53.510Z
---

# Santee Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Take On The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Santee Has To Offer Ready to change the way you train? We have you covered here at Infinity BJJ. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is the perfect way for men and women across Santee and El Cajon to take on this ground-based discipline for the very first time.
 PLUS, we have advanced classes for anyone who is looking for a challenge.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 ## Why Is Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program Right For You? There are a million BJJ schools out there. So what makes us the right fit for you?
 Well the truth is, we work hard to make sure our training is right for anyone who walks through the door. At Infinity BJJ, our training is scaled to meet the needs of beginners, experienced fighters, and everyone in between.
 We're challenging you with something new every time you train and we're offering you a support system that you can rely on to feel motivated and confident each and every day.
 We're helping men and women across Santee and El Cajon learn:
 - Standing leverage including grabs and holds - Efficient takedowns and transitions - Defensive maneuvers to regain control - Locks, holds, and submission skills for any opponent
 ## And Yeah, We're Offering You A Workout That Can't Be Matched BJJ is all about removing size and strength from the equation. It's about using timing and technique to overcome an opponent of any size.
 But it's also a total-body workout that will leave you exhausted in a matter of seconds.
 That's why our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes are designed to prepare you with the strength and stamina that you need to stay your best from start to finish. At Infinity BJJ, we're giving you the chance to challenge your body every time you train and walk away from each class with an incredible sense of accomplishment.
 Come see us today and take on:
 - Total-body strength and muscle toning - Improved speed, agility, and athleticism - Incredible heart health and endurance - Unwavering confidence in all aspects of your life
 ## Don't Miss Out On The Best BJJ Classes In Santee And Beyond! At Infinity BJJ, we are proud to challenge people of all backgrounds with the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in town. We work with people of all ages and experience levels, helping everyone feel comfortable and confident from day one.
 Learn more today by simply filling out the short form on your screen!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us Here In Santee For The Best Martial Arts Training In Town! Request information

 Our child was skeptical and unsure at first, he had zero clue. He didn't appreciate the pain, but once he learned 'Pain No Gain,' defensive techniques, and trying out, and experienced Fun Friday, he wants to go back! Eugene was amazing in communication and setting us up for the process. Ever was awesome in checking us in, explaining the ropes, and getting us started. We were able to sport their gi while trying out. Coach Trevor has a great knack & unique and special kind of patience for children during training. He's also well disciplined and knows how to keep on task. We are very impressed, happy, and satisfied with everything and how organized everyone is. We will make sure our child remains committed.

 Awesome place and very applicable for any age. BJJ is awesome! And its a workout that I never knew would challenge me in a way to come back for more!

 Class schedules are very convenient, the coaches are super helpful, and the fellow students are very welcoming. Everyone from the different skill levels is learning in their own way but also patient with each other. My son loves his class!

 Highly recommend this studio!

 We’ve had such a great experience at here! The instructors are truly awesome, patient, encouraging, and great with kids. My daughter was super timid at first and didn’t even want to try, but after her first trial class, she was all in and excited to go back for more.

 The class times work perfectly with our busy schedule, and I really appreciate the flexibility they offer. The unlimited classes and no long-term contract make it so much easier for families, especially since they allow pauses during other sports seasons, which is a huge help for parents juggling multiple activities.

 And a fun heads up—if you have siblings enrolled together, be prepared… they will be practicing their moves at home 😂
 Highly recommend for anyone looking to build confidence, discipline, and have fun!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
