---
source_url: http://www.infinitybjj.com/classes/Martial-Arts-Birthday-Parties
final_url: https://infinitybjj.com/classes/Martial-Arts-Birthday-Parties
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:53.922Z
---

# Santee Birthday Parties

 ## Celebrate The Big Day With Our Martial Arts Birthday Parties Tired of wasting your time looking for the perfect place to host your child's Birthday Party this year? Well, we're here to help!
 Our Birthday Parties at Infinity BJJ are the perfect way for kids all across Santee and El Cajon to celebrate in style and have a blast learning new skills. We are proud to host parties of any size for students of any age.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 ## What's Included In Our Martial Arts Birthday Parties? We're here to take care of everything from start to finish! That means no more worrying about setup, cleanup, and decorations. All you have to do is get the birthday boy or girl to the party and sit back to enjoy the fun.
 At Infinity BJJ, our Birthday Parties include real martial arts instruction where your child can be the star of the show. We tailor our training to meet the needs of all skill levels and we offer tons of exciting games and activities to make sure your child and their friends can have a blast.
 Our Birthday Parties here in Santee give your child access to:
 - A safe, supportive environment - Awesome decorations and activities - Plenty of time for cake and presents - An experience that is truly like no other
 ## Don't Miss Out On The Best Martial Arts Birthday Parties In Santee And Beyond! If you're looking for a great way to treat your child to a Birthday Party experience that they'll be talking about for years to come, we have the answer for you here at Infinity BJJ. Our Birthday Parties are great for all ages and abilities and they give you the chance to finally sit back and enjoy the fun!
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Join Us Here In Santee For The Best Martial Arts Training In Town! Request information

 Our child was skeptical and unsure at first, he had zero clue. He didn't appreciate the pain, but once he learned 'Pain No Gain,' defensive techniques, and trying out, and experienced Fun Friday, he wants to go back! Eugene was amazing in communication and setting us up for the process. Ever was awesome in checking us in, explaining the ropes, and getting us started. We were able to sport their gi while trying out. Coach Trevor has a great knack & unique and special kind of patience for children during training. He's also well disciplined and knows how to keep on task. We are very impressed, happy, and satisfied with everything and how organized everyone is. We will make sure our child remains committed.

 Awesome place and very applicable for any age. BJJ is awesome! And its a workout that I never knew would challenge me in a way to come back for more!

 Class schedules are very convenient, the coaches are super helpful, and the fellow students are very welcoming. Everyone from the different skill levels is learning in their own way but also patient with each other. My son loves his class!

 Highly recommend this studio!

 We’ve had such a great experience at here! The instructors are truly awesome, patient, encouraging, and great with kids. My daughter was super timid at first and didn’t even want to try, but after her first trial class, she was all in and excited to go back for more.

 The class times work perfectly with our busy schedule, and I really appreciate the flexibility they offer. The unlimited classes and no long-term contract make it so much easier for families, especially since they allow pauses during other sports seasons, which is a huge help for parents juggling multiple activities.

 And a fun heads up—if you have siblings enrolled together, be prepared… they will be practicing their moves at home 😂
 Highly recommend for anyone looking to build confidence, discipline, and have fun!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
