---
source_url: http://www.thefactory-impactjj.com
final_url: https://thefactory-impactjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:10:57.716Z
---

# The Factory Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club Get Started Today!

 ##### Limited Time Only: Free Trial Class! ×

 #### Welcome to ## The Factory - Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club
 The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club is the premier competitive martial arts club in Fruitland, Idaho. We invite all to join us in becoming the best versions of ourselves and pushing one another to be better. Our curriculum is rooted in being open minded and adapting your skills to the real world. Through Jiu Jitsu you’ll improve your discipline and dedication on and off the mat. When you join us at The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club, you join a family of martial artists who are growing to better the world today.

 ## 1 Day Free Trial Class! Discover the excellence of The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club. Reserve your free trial class today!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: One Day Free Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Schedule

 ## Memberships

 ## Learn More About Us:

 ## About Us
 The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club team aims to understand our students’ goals to uplift them towards success. We are there for every step of the journey, providing support and wisdom. Our curriculum helps students understand how martial arts skills flow together and form a coherent sequence of techniques. We prepare our students for real life scenarios through preparedness.
 Our curriculum brings together multiple skill sets from a variety of martial arts, including Jiu Jitsu. The techniques you learn are adaptable to your goals and other activities. We will always push to make you competition-ready, especially if that’s what you strive for! Even at the highest level, our training environment remains friendly and inviting.

 ## Our History
 The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club owner Luis Cisneros began his combat sports journey in middle school by taking up wrestling. He continued this training throughout college before eventually starting Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in 2013. Once he reached blue belt level in 2015, he started to teach while continuing his own training.
 When Luis moved from Portland to Nyssa, he needed a place to train Jiu Jitsu, and took matters into his own hands. Luis strived to build a Jiu Jitsu academy that was accessible to kids and the local community. He took over an old Furniture Factory building that his wife’s grandparents owned. Keeping the “Factory” namesake as an homage to family, The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club opened in 2020. Today, Luis aims to grow the facility and expand his curriculum while continuing his love of teaching BJJ.

 ## Memberships & Special Offers Join now to unlock exclusive deals and experience our exceptional martial arts programs!

 View Offers

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Family We are an inviting, friendly environment. You’ll be surrounded by supportive peers and instructors while training!

 ##### Motivation The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club pushes you to become a better person. You’ll learn how to become the best you can be.

 ##### Confidence Discovering your true potential will unlock a newfound confidence. Through your confidence you’ll learn how to be a leader in school, work, and life!

 ##### Peace Martial arts is a healthy outlet for releasing negative emotions. It provides stress relief and a mental escape from everyday life.

 ##### Character You’ll learn to be a better person through martial arts training. Martial arts instills discipline, determination, and resilience.

 #####

 ## 1 Day Free Trial Class! Discover the excellence of The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club. Reserve your free trial class today!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: One Day Free Trial! ×

 ## Programs Offered

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Program
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a martial art focused on submission and grappling. We offer classes for all skill levels starting at 4 years old. It’s a great way to exercise, learn self-defense, meet friends, and even build character! It’s beneficial for all individuals and will transform you into a better version of yourself.
 BJJ (Gi and No Gi)
 - Kids (4-8yo) - Teens (9-14yo) - Adults (15+)

 ## The Factory Wrestling Club
 We offer wrestling club! The Factory Wrestling Club is a nonprofit organization, we are dedicated to making wrestling accessible to everyone in our community. Our wrestling classes give you a way to experiment and grow in various techniques. Whatever your experience and goals may be, you will always be met with respect and top-quality instruction.
 Wrestling Club
 - Ages 9+

 ## What Our Students Are Saying:

 Local family supporting the community. Always driving and encouraging the kids to do better. Both the wrestling and jiu jitsu atmosphere feels like a family.

 Alex C. , Google

 I highly recommend impact jiu jitsu in Ontario for all ages men women and children and a must if you're in law enforcement or military.

 Guy B. , Google

 Really awesome gym with instructors who are both friendly and knowledgeable.

 Logan R. , Google

 ## School Instructors

 ## Luis Cisneros- Founder & Head Coach
 #### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Luis has been studying and teaching Jiu Jitsu for over 10 years. He has been involved with wrestling since 1998. Throughout the years, Luis has competed in both Jiu Jitsu and wrestling tournaments at advanced levels. Luis started his grappling journey in middle school where he joined the wrestling team and continued to wrestle all through high school. After high school he continued his wrestling career at the college level where he wrestled at Clackamas Community College and Southern Oregon University. After he was done competing, he joined Portland State University as a graduate assistant. After PSU discontinued their wrestling program, Luis coached high school wrestling in the Hillsboro area. After a few years of coaching at the high school level, he found himself back in a college room coaching at Pacific University in Forest Grove. After 4 seasons coaching for the Boxers, Luis found Impact Jiu Jitsu in Hillsboro and started his training in 2012 under Richard Rangel. During that time, Luis was competing regularly in local tournaments all the way up to IBJJF tournaments. In 2018 Luis and his wife Sheena, moved to Eastern Oregon and opened, The Factory Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club. Luis received his BJJ black belt in 2023 under Richard Rangel and founder Michael Chapman.

 ## Meet The Team

 ### Gizmo Gallegos
 Kids Instructor

 ### Daisy Cardozo
 Kids Instructor

 ### Contact Us Today! The Factory – Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club has everything… except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (503) 894-0699
 impact.thefactory@gmail.com
 429 NW 16th. St. Fruitland, ID 83619
 Get Directions

 ### The Factory - Impact Jiu Jitsu & Wrestling Club 429 NW 16th. St. Fruitland, ID 83619
 Get Directions

 ## Memberships & Special Offers Join now to unlock exclusive deals and experience our exceptional martial arts programs!

 View Offers
