---
source_url: https://solbjj.com/kids-and-juniors-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes-phoenix/
final_url: https://solbjj.com/kids-and-juniors-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes-phoenix/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:07.857Z
---

The kids and juniors Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is designed to provide children and teenagers with a fun and safe environment in which to learn the fundamentals of BJJ . This program is tailored specifically to the needs and interests of young students and emphasizes physical fitness, coordination, and self-confidence. Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Phoenix begin with basic techniques. These include how to stand up properly, how to fall safely, and how to control an opponent on the ground. Children learn basic positions such as the guard, mount, and side control, as well as how to escape from them.
 ### About Kids & Juniors BJJ Program The kids and juniors program also emphasizes the importance of self-defense, teaching children practical techniques that they can use to defend themselves in real-life situations. It also emphasizes the values of respect, discipline, and sportsmanship, teaching children to be good sports and treat others with kindness.
 ### Kids & Juniors BJJ Program Focus As children progress through the program, they learn more advanced Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques and strategies, including submissions, sweeps, and takedowns. They also have the opportunity to participate in sparring sessions and competitions. This allows them to test their skills and gain valuable experience in a controlled setting.
 The program’s instructors are experienced in working with children and are trained to provide a supportive and nurturing learning environment. They place a strong emphasis on safety, ensuring that children learn techniques in a controlled and safe environment. That is why we are considered one of the best Brazilian jiu jitsu schools in Phoenix and surrounding areas.
 ### Empowering Kids Through BJJ In addition to the physical aspects of training, the program also focuses on the mental and emotional aspects of BJJ. During the self defense classes for kids and children, they learn how to maintain a calm and focused mindset during training, as well as how to develop a resilient attitude towards challenges and setbacks.
 Overall, the kids and juniors Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes provide children with a fun and engaging way to develop physical fitness, coordination, and self-confidence, while also teaching them valuable life skills that they can use both on and off the mat. The program is an excellent way for children to build their self-esteem, improve their physical fitness, and make friends in a supportive and nurturing environment.
