---
source_url: https://solbjj.com/fundamentals-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes-phoenix/
final_url: https://solbjj.com/fundamentals-brazilian-jiu-jitsu-classes-phoenix/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:08.487Z
---

The fundamental BJJ training program is a full introduction to the techniques and principles of BJJ. This program is suitable for beginners and provides students with the foundational skills needed to progress in their training. The program covers basic Brazilian jiu jitsu techniques such as how to stand up properly, how to fall safely, and how to control an opponent on the ground. Students learn basic positions such as the guard, mount, and side control, as well as how to escape from them.
 ### About Fundamentals BJJ Program In addition to these fundamental techniques, students in the program learn basic submissions such as chokes and joint locks, as well as basic sweeps, takedowns and other basic Brazilian jiu jitsu moves. The program emphasizes the development of physical fitness, flexibility, and balance, as well as mental focus and discipline.
 Throughout the program, students have the opportunity to train with other students, allowing them to practice their techniques and improve their skills. Our Brazilian jiu jitsu classes in phoenix also include supervised sparring sessions, which give students the opportunity to apply their skills in a controlled environment.
 ### Fundamentals BJJ Program Focus SOL BJJ is one of the best Brazilian jiu jitsu schools in your local area, where the program’s instructors emphasize the importance of proper technique and safety, ensuring that students learn the correct way to perform techniques and minimize the risk of injury. Students are also taught the principles of respect and sportsmanship, helping to create a positive learning environment.
 In addition to the physical aspects of training, the program also focuses on the mental and emotional aspects of BJJ. Students learn how to maintain a calm and focused mindset during training, as well as how to develop a resilient attitude towards challenges and setbacks.
 Overall, the fundamental Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program for beginners whether for kids, men or women provides students with a solid foundation for their training, teaching them the essential techniques, strategies, and principles of the sport. Whether students want to continue their training in martial arts brazilian jiu jitsu or pursue other martial arts, the fundamental program provides a valuable introduction to the world of martial arts and combat sports.
