---
source_url: https://solbjj.com
final_url: https://solbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:08.515Z
---

Skip to content ## TRY A FREE CLASS TODAY Everyone who comes into Sol BJJ receives a free intro class before signing up!
 Try a Free Class Today!

 Explore ## Our Main Programs Classes will be taught in 7-week blocks. Each week we will focus on specific positions in order to provide retainable knowledge. Over the course of a block our students will be exposed to every basic position in Jiu-Jitsu. This creates a comprehensive curriculum that can be joined at any time.

 ### Fundamental Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Phoenix
 The fundamental BJJ training program is a full introduction to the techniques and principles of BJJ. This program…
 read more

 ### Kids & Juniors Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Phoenix
 The kids and juniors Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is designed to provide children and teenagers with a fun…
 read more

 ### Advanced Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Phoenix
 The advanced BJJ program offered by SOL BJJ, one of the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu schools in Phoenix,…
 read more

 ### Competition Training Jiu Jitsu Classes in Phoenix
 The competition Brazilian Jiu Jitsu program is designed for students who want to compete in BJJ tournaments and…
 read more

 ### All Level Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Phoenix
 The all-levels Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is designed to accommodate students of all skill levels, from beginners to advanced…
 read more

 ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Schedule
 At SOL BJJ, our world-class professionals offer a wide range of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes. We are always…
 read more

 ## Know More About SOL
 ### About SOL Brazilian Jiu Jitsu School in Phoenix ### SOL BJJ Overview Welcome to SOL Brazilian Jiu Jitsu , a premier training academy dedicated to providing the highest level of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in a positive and inclusive environment. At SOL BJJ, we are more than just a martial arts school – we are a community of passionate individuals united by our love for BJJ and a commitment to personal growth.
 Founded with a vision to create a nurturing and empowering space for students of all backgrounds and skill levels, SOL BJJ offers a transformative training experience. Our BJJ focused facility, located in the heart of Uptown Phoenix, provides a clean and spacious training environment spanning over 5000 square feet, with more than 3000 square feet of premium mats. We prioritize your safety and comfort, ensuring that our facility is meticulously maintained and equipped with top-notch amenities.
 Central to SOL BJJ is our team of dedicated and experienced instructors. Led by our head instructor, Austin Baker , a black belt under the esteemed Flavio Almeida , our instructors bring a wealth of knowledge, technical expertise, and a deep passion for the art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. With a student-centered approach, our instructors are committed to helping each individual unlock their potential, providing personalized guidance and mentorship every step of the way.
 ### SOL BJJ Classes From Basics to Mastery At SOL BJJ, we recognize the immense benefits of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes for children . Our exceptional kids’ program focuses on instilling discipline, respect, and confidence in young practitioners. We understand that Jiu-Jitsu is an instrumental tool in giving kids structure and building their self-esteem. Through age-appropriate instruction and engaging activities, we create a positive and fun environment where children can develop essential life skills while enjoying the physical and mental benefits of Jiu-Jitsu.
 We believe that BJJ extends beyond the physical techniques; it is a transformative journey that cultivates discipline, resilience, and personal development. Our comprehensive curriculum encompasses both fundamental Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques and advanced strategies, designed to cater to practitioners of all levels – from beginners seeking a solid foundation to experienced competitors aiming for the podium. In addition to regular Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in Phoenix, we offer specialized seminars, workshops, and open mat sessions to further enhance your growth and knowledge.
 ### Achieve Your Goals with SOL BJJ At SOL BJJ, we foster a vibrant and supportive community. We believe in the power of camaraderie and teamwork, encouraging students to support, motivate, and uplift one another. Beyond the mats, we organize social events, community outreach programs, and competitions to strengthen the bonds among our members and contribute positively to the wider BJJ community in Phoenix.
 Whether your goal is to get in shape, compete at the highest level, or provide your child with a structured and confidence-building activity, SOL Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school in Phoenix is here to support you every step of the way. Join our family and experience the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in an environment that celebrates growth, respect, and a shared passion for the art.
 “Come and discover the SOL BJJ difference. Start your journey with us today!”

 ### SOL Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Staff Meet our staff members at Sol BJJ, who are passionate and dedicated to providing top-notch BJJ training to our students.
 ### Austin Baker – Head Instructor Austin received his black belt on 1/9/2021 from Flavio Almeida. He has been training and competing since 2015. His accolades include 2020 Pan American Champion (IBJJF), 2024 Phoenix Absolute Champion (ADCC), 2023 & 2024 Arizona State Champion (AZBJJL). Additionally, he was the highest ranked Black Belt competitor in Arizona for both the 2023 and 2024 seasons (AZBJJL).
 ### ### Jonathan Alvarez – Instructor ### Jonathan is a 2nd degree Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belt with two decades of experience on the mats. He is known for his dynamic guard and transitional submission style—blending fluid movement with sharp timing and precise attacks. He spent several years training and competing with legends of the sport refining his technique. As a competitor, Jonathan is a multiple-time IBJJF medalist, Grapplers Quest superfight winner, and was a quarterfinalist in the Abu Dhabi Nationals in 2015.
 ### ### Paul Stehl – Owner Paul is the owner of Sol BJJ, has been training Jiu-Jitsu since 2016 and has trained under Austin several years. With a proven track record in starting and growing successful businesses in a range of fields, he brings his passion for Jiu-Jitsu and experience in business development to the gym. Together, Austin and Paul work to create a supportive and inclusive environment where students can learn and grow in their Jiu-Jitsu journey.
 ###
 ### SOL Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Mission Statement ### SOL BJJ Mission At SOL, one of the pioneer Brazilian Jiu Jitsu schools in Phoenix , we strive to provide a safe and supportive training environment where students can learn and develop their skills in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our mission is to help students achieve their full potential, both on and off the mat, by emphasizing the core values of respect, discipline, humility, continuous improvement, and community. We believe that BJJ is not just a sport, but a way of life, and we aim to instill these values in all of our students.
 Our experienced and highly trained BJJ instructors are dedicated to helping students of all ages and skill levels reach their goals in BJJ. We provide comprehensive Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training programs that focus on developing technique, physical fitness, mental toughness, and sportsmanship. Our curriculum is constantly evolving to reflect the latest advancements and trends in BJJ, and we are committed to providing a world-class training experience to our students.
 In addition to our training programs, we also prioritize community building and social responsibility. We believe that BJJ has the power to bring people together and to promote positive change in the world, and we are committed to using our platform to make a difference in our local and global communities.
 Whether you are a seasoned competitor or a beginner looking to try something new, we welcome you to our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu school in Phoenix and invite you to join us on this journey of self-discovery and personal growth by regularly practicing the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes at our school in your city.

 ### SOL Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Facility in Phoenix Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu facility is a spacious and modern training center located in the heart of Uptown Phoenix . With over 5000 square feet of space, the facility offers ample room for students to train and develop their skills in a safe and supportive environment. The training area features over 3000 square feet of high-quality mats, providing a comfortable and clean surface for training and grappling.
 The facility is designed with cleanliness and hygiene in mind, with a rigorous cleaning schedule, so as to ensure that the mats and training area are always in top condition. Our instructors and staff take pride in maintaining a clean and sanitary training environment, with a focus on the health and safety of our students.

 The training area is well-lit and spacious, with plenty of room for students to move around and practice their techniques. We offer a wide range of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes in your city to meet the needs of students of all levels and interests, from beginners to experienced competitors. Our instructors are highly trained and experienced, with a passion for teaching and helping students reach their full potential in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
 Located in the heart of Uptown Phoenix, our facility is easily accessible from all parts of the city. We are one of the best Brazilian Jiu Jitsu schools and are located in a vibrant and dynamic area, surrounded by restaurants, shops, and other amenities. We offer ample parking and convenient access to public transportation, making it easy for students to get to and from our facility.
 Whether you are a seasoned competitor or a beginner looking to try something new, our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu facility offers a world-class Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training experience in a clean, spacious, and welcoming environment.

 Explore ## Our Team Members Meet our staff members at Sol BJJ, who are passionate and dedicated to providing top-notch Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training to our students.

 Explore ## Customers Testimonials Discover what our valued customers have to say about their experience with us. Explore our collection of recent testimonials and see how we have made a positive impact on our customers' lives.

 ### Semir – Google Review Austin is the best black belt competitor in AZ! He also runs an amazing program and carries himself…

 ### Mike Smith – Google Review I have known and trained with Professor Austin since he was a purple belt. He is one of…

 ### Brendan – Google Review I stopped in unannounced on a Saturday and was greeted by the owner Austin. He immediately made me…

 ### Danielle – Google Review Our daughter Zenna has completely flourished with the support of Sol … She never wants to miss a…

 ### Alex Jones – Google Review Austin is a humble world-class BJJ competitor and a great instructor. The school is brand new and the…

 Close Search for:
 Menu
