---
source_url: http://martialartsrockland.com
final_url: https://5150martialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:58.704Z
---

# 5150 Martial Arts ## Rockland’s Premier Gracie Jiu Jitsu Academy
 Get Started Today

 ##### Sign up for a one-week trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ### 5150 Martial Arts
 Welcome to 5150 Martial Arts, a long-serving Gracie Jiu Jitsu academy in Nyack. Here our mission is to make Jiu Jitsu training accessible and beneficial to anyone. We love to see families, newcomers, and anyone looking to better themselves and their lives through martial arts. You can join our professional, supportive community and leave each day with a positive mindset and a belief in yourself. Whether you come in for fitness or self-defense, you can change your life for the better. We welcome you to join our training community with your family and discover a whole new way of life on the mats!

 ### Programs

 ### Memberships

 ### Schedule

 #### Who We Are at ### 5150 Martial Arts

 #### Our School Every day we make sure to welcome students with positivity and inspiration. We provide a clean, authentic Jiu Jitsu environment where students can thrive. Our training has been designed to help everyone become the best version of themselves. The support system here is unlike any other. Kids, adults, men, women, toddlers, etc. are all supported each step of the way on their journey. But that’s not all! We don’t just follow the Gracie lineage; we fully embrace the impact they’ve made on the art. That includes bringing in Gracie family members multiple times a year for seminars so you can learn from the best of the best! Are you looking for high-level instruction in the best Jiu Jitsu community? Then look no further than 5150 Martial Arts!
 #### History We pride ourselves on being a pillar of martial arts excellence within our community since 1997. The moment we opened our doors, we became fully committed to helping change lives in our community through Jiu Jitsu.
 Our journey began and has continued under the leadership of Professor Scott O’Keeffe. His journey has led him to earning multiple black belts, including a 3rd Degree Black Belt in Gracie Jiu Jitsu under Professor David Adiv. And this leads us straight into the Gracie lineage. Professor Adiv is a 6th Degree Black Belt under Master Royler Gracie. We are proud to be closely tied to the Gracie Humaita line and work to honor their dedication to the art every day at 5150 Martial Arts.

 ### Book a Week of FREE Jiu Jitsu Classes! You can begin your Gracie Jiu Jitsu journey with us with a week of FREE training. Sign up for our one-week trial and see what you can achieve at 5150 Martial Arts!

 Join Now ##### Sign up for a one-week trial! ×

 #### The 5150 Current ### Class Schedule

 ### Our Academy Schedule! Be sure to take a look at the 5150 Martial Arts schedule. There are 20+ martial arts classes every week for you to get to work in!

 Download Schedule

 #### Explore the 5150 ### Martial Arts Programs
 Our programs at 5150 Martial Arts are designed to allow students to train safely and at any level. We have an age-specific program for everyone that tailors classes to where the student is. No matter your Jiu Jitsu experience, fitness level, or skillset, you can come join our Jiu Jitsu family today! Find the right program for you and your children to thrive in at 5150 Martial Arts!

 #### Tiny Sharks Jiu Jitsu – Parents & Me (4-6 years) Introduce your child to the benefits of Gracie Jiu Jitsu with our Tiny Sharks Parent & Me program, designed for kids ages 4-6. This interactive Jiu Jitsu class promotes physical, mental, and emotional development, helping children build self-control, coordination, balance, self confidence, and social skills while having fun with their parents!

 #### Kids Gracie Jiu Jitsu (6.5-12 years) Our Kids Gracie Jiu Jitsu program develops strength, discipline, and leadership in a fun, safe, and supportive environment. Expert instructors help your child excel in fitness, academics, and self-defense while building confidence and character, specifically emphasizing anti-bullying techniques.

 #### Adults Gracie Jiu Jitsu (13+) Master essential self-defense techniques with our Adult Gracie Jiu Jitsu classes. Learn powerful moves to protect yourself and your loved ones while staying fit, building confidence, and developing real-world skills. Start today!

 #### Adults Kickboxing (16+) Join our 5150 Kickboxing classes to enhance your fitness with a dynamic mix of striking techniques. Our fun and challenging workouts help you get in shape, stay active, and build strength while mastering essential striking skills.

 #### Take a look at our ### Tiny Sharks Parents & Me class!

 ### Words from Our Community 5150 Martial Arts has served a pillar in the Nyack martial arts community since 1997. We are a home for families, beginners, and hobbyists to train and use Jiu Jitsu to better themselves. Through our connection to the Gracie family, we do everything to continue to make Jiu Jitsu a life-changing experience for you. But don’t just take our word for it. Check out what some of our community members have said about why 5150 Martial Arts has become their home for training!

 Previous “It’s become more than a martial arts academy; it’s a true second family. I highly recommend 5150 for anyone looking to get themselves and/or their kids involved in martial arts.”

 Karina Pleitez
 Google

 “We love 5150. Our son is learning so much while having a great time. The teachers are so good with the kids and really help them grow!”

 Al Schleicher
 Google

 “The professors are amazing. They provide a safe, neutering environment that allowed my daughter to feel comfortable immediately.”

 Hillary Germaine
 Google

 “The facility is spotless. We love attending class. WISH WE STARTED EARLIER!!! I would recommend 5150 to all! My son has gained such great knowledge in self defense.”

 Lori Adams
 Google

 “The teachers and coaches are excellent with kids and I’ve been able to make great improvements in my own martial arts journey in a very short amount of time.”

 Shaun Armstrong
 Google

 Next

 ### Our Academy Schedule! Be sure to take a look at the 5150 Martial Arts schedule. There are 20+ martial arts classes every week for you to get to work in!

 Download Schedule

 ### Contact Us! We are proud to provide Jiu Jitsu in Nyack and welcome those in West Nyack, Valley Cottage, New City, Congers, Nanuet, and the rest of Rockland County. You can find us right next to the Palisades Center Mall in the Hub Shopping Center directly on Route 59!

 845-348-0059

 5150martialarts@gmail.com

 352 NY-59, Nyack, NY 10960
