---
source_url: https://onepunchboxingclub.com
final_url: https://onepunchboxingclub.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:39.118Z
---

Skip to content Menu

 ## Welcome TO One Punch Boxing Club

 # The Perfect Boxing Club for Athletes of All Levels

 Our boxing club is dedicated to helping individuals of all skill levels improve their boxing techniques, build confidence, and achieve their fitness goals. We offer a variety of training programs and classes led by experienced coaches who are passionate about helping our members reach their full potential.
 At One Punch Boxing Club, we prioritize the safety and well-being of our members and strive to create a positive and inclusive environment for everyone.

 Get Started

 ### ACADEMY BOXING Step into the ring of excellence with Academy Boxing – where champions are made.

 ### Kickboxing Unleash your inner fighter and kick your way to fitness with One Punch Boxing Club.

 ### Personal training Unlock your potential and achieve your fitness goals with us.

 ## About us

 Welcome to One Punch Boxing Club! We are a locally owned and operated gym committed to providing a safe and welcoming environment for individuals of all fitness levels to improve their health and well-being through boxing. Our state-of-the-art facilities include a full-size boxing ring, heavy bags, speed bags, and knowledgeable trainers passionate about helping each member achieve their personal fitness goals.
 Whether you’re an experienced boxer or new to the sport, we offer tailored classes such as boxing fundamentals, strength and conditioning, and sparring. Our gym prioritizes the safety and well-being of our members, maintaining a clean and hygienic facility and adhering to necessary health and safety protocols. Join our community and empower yourself to reach your full potential through the sport of boxing.

 Learn More

 ## KIDS CLASSES

 At One Punch Boxing Club, we believe that starting young is key to developing a lifelong love for fitness and boxing. Our kids’ classes are designed to be both fun and challenging, introducing children aged 6-12 years old to the fundamentals of boxing in a safe and supportive environment. Our experienced coaches teach proper technique and footwork, as well as the importance of discipline and respect for oneself and others.

 Learn More

 ## LADIES CLASSES

 We understand that many women are looking for a fun and effective way to stay fit and healthy. Our ladies’ classes are designed to provide a safe and empowering space for women of all skill levels to learn and enjoy the sport of boxing. Our experienced coaches are dedicated to helping women achieve their fitness goals while building confidence and strength.

 Learn More

 ## What our Clients are saying about us

 Don’t Just Take Our Word For It – Our Satisfied Clients Speak For Themselves:

 Clarence Torres
 - - - - -
 This gym is phenomenal accross the board, clean, employees are friendly, and large enough to get a workout in regardless of how many people are there.

 Ashley Lattimore
 - - - - -
 Definitely ROCKY the first film vibe. Coach and his team WORK you with technic. Great way to get into shape ladies! Boxing technic. Their fighters are tough and so are their workouts. Worth every workout. Either you come to work or don’t go at all.

 Keith Jones
 - - - - -
 Qawi is a great trainer for fitness and Boxing..ECT. I was getting in shape and got Lazy on my own..If you want to get in shape he's the Man..

 Keith Jones
 - - - - -
 Boxing, jiu jitsu, taekwondo, kickboxing, personal and corrective training.

 One-on-One, classes, amateurs, professionals, men, women, kids
 14' / 15' boxing ring
 12' mat (martial arts)
 Heavy bags, speed bags, double end bags, upper cut bags, kick boxing bags Ropes, hammers

 ## Ready to unleash your inner fighter?

 Join One Punch Boxing Club today and take the first step towards a stronger, healthier you! With specialized programs for kids and ladies, as well as personalized training plans for all skill levels, we have something for everyone. Don’t wait any longer – sign up now and experience the physical and mental benefits of boxing while becoming a part of our supportive and empowering community.

 Join Today

 ##### Knockout your limits with One Punch Boxing Club!

 ##### Follow Us on

 Instagram Facebook

 ##### Quick Links

 - Home - About us - Kids Classes - Ladies Classes - Gym Schedule - Contact us

 ##### Contact

 ### Address: 1452 Hancock St, Quincy, MA 02169

 ### Phone: 1-617-447-6075

 ### Email: info@onepunchboxingclub.com

 ##### Hours:

 Sunday CLOSED
 Monday 5–9 PM
 Tuesday 5–9 PM
 Wednesday 5–9 PM
 Thursday 5–9 PM
 Friday 5–9 PM
 Saturday Closed

 ## Copyright © 2023 Onepunchboxingclub.com All Rights Reserved.

 ##### Knockout your limits with One Punch Boxing Club!

 ##### Follow Us on

 Instagram Facebook

 ##### Quick Links

 - Home - About us - Kids Classes - Ladies Classes - Gym Schedule - Contact us

 ##### Contact

 ### Address: 1452 Hancock St, Quincy, MA 02169

 ### Phone: 1-617-447-6075

 ### Email: info@onepunchboxingclub.com

 ## Copyright © 2023 Onepunchboxingclub.com All Rights Reserved.
