---
source_url: http://www.ecubjj.com
final_url: https://www.ecubjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:11.125Z
---

# East

 # Coast

 # United

 Established in 2009 East Coast United is more than a martial arts school its a welcoming family focused community. We offer a number of martial arts classes for all ages and experience levels.

 Jiu Jitsu & Muay Thai in White Plains, NY.

 ## 6,000 SQFT

 Family owned and operated since

 ## 2009

 Training Facility

 Number of classes offered per week

 ## 58+

 Whether your a life time martial artist or looking to go beyond the monotony of the gym, East Coast United is a diverse community where members are given the opportunity to immerse themselves in a positive environment that equips with

 ## Programs

 Jiu-Jitsu practitioners employ movement, leverage and positioning with the purpose of defeating a larger, stronger opponent.

 #### Jiu-Jitsu

 Fast-paced and high in intensity art that focus on clinch and ground fighting with the aim of obtaining a submission through the use of submission holds.

 #### Submission Grappling

 #### Muay Thai

 Our Muay Thai classes will not only help you learn the art but provide a full body workout.

 Both our kids program (Lil’ Waveriders & Waveriders) is constructed to achieve a balance between discipline and fun, where students develop lifelong friendships along with life skills like resilience, perseverance, and the confidence to face life’s challenges.
 Learn more >

 #### Kids Program (4-7 & 7-12)

 ## Weekly Schedule

 We have families too, so we know how hard it can be to carve out time to train. That’s why we offer a number of classes through out the day. So its easy to find a class that works with your family’s schedule.

 View Schedule
 View Schedule

 ## Amenities

 - Locker-rooms - Laundry service - Fitness equipment
 - Sauna - Free wifi for members - Free street parking

 A few of the finer things that makes training easier. Our focus is to keep a clean, safe, family-like environment. We are confident that you will enjoy your experience at East Coast United.

 ### Don’t have any gear? Don’t worry, we have all the equipment you need.

 Sign up for your $35 day pass, no strings attached.

 Day Pass
 Day Pass

 Gi and/or rash guard is required for Bjj classes

 Meet the Team

 - JoJo Guarin Black Belt - Matt Kachmar Black Belt - Dan Stearns Black Belt - Mike Pomerantz Black Belt - George DePalma Black Belt - Mark Gross Black Belt - Anthony Sullivan Black Belt - Yves Jean Black Belt - Christian Medina Black Belt - Brandon Medina Brown Belt - Dante Wells Boxing Coach

 - Inspiring Tight Knit Community I can’t say enough wonderful things about ECU! Both of my sons (4 and 7) absolutely love training there. We immediately felt a part of a really tight knit community when we joined… everyone is supportive, warm, and there to put in the work. It’s so inspiring!- Johanna G - Best Decision For My Son I signed up my son who is 5 to the kids class. I am so happy with the results! My son has a lot of energy and after signing up for classes at ECUBJJ he started getting behavior rewards at school, that never used to happen. Coach Christian and coach Brandon are amazing with kids, they have a blend of discipline and playfulness that is fair but firm. This was one of the best decisions we made for him. I highly recommend this school!-Sergey M - Couples That Train Together... My husband and I are both members of ECU and we absolutely love it. They offer classes for every skill level which are taught by fantastic and knowledgeable coaches. The gym itself has nice, well kept facilities and a very welcoming community of people. If you are looking for BJJ or Muay Thai classes, we couldn't recommend ECU enough! - A Family Afair My 5 year old son and I were first time participants in BJJ. We came to ECUBJJ and had a great experience. All the teachers were great, friendly and patient. Was a great experience for me and my son. We both can't wait to go back.- Chris O. - Greater Than the Sum of its Parts I have visited plenty of BJJ schools in the area and across the country. The people, the environment, and the no politics make this place a great place to train.- Joel N. - Fun & Community Great place for all levels ! A lot of fun and you will not regret trying it out. A real sense of community.- Vin H

 ## FAQ’s

 - What is the difference between brazilian jiu jitsu and muay thai? Muay Thai is a traditional South East Asian Martial art Originally used as a form of hand to hand combat by the military. Practitioners are trained to use punches, kicks, elbows and knees from a standing position.Jiu-Jitsu is a grappling are where practitioners employ movement, leverage and positioning with the purpose of defeating a larger, stronger opponent. - Am I too old to start? You’re never too old to start. There are plenty of stories of people starting in their late 40s, 50s and 60s. - Do you need to be in shape to start? You do NOT need to be in shape. This is a common myth that keeps many people from starting different things. Starting classes today is a great way for you to get into shape. Once you start, you’ll find yourself happy that you started. Don’t wait! - How much do classes cost and what’s the schedule? We are open 7 days a week for classes. Our memberships range and can be paid monthly, yearly or per class. There are so many different ways to invest in yourself and our instructors can help you find the right program that fits you best. - What if I dont have any gear? We have you covered. We have plenty of gear for you to purchase to help you get started. Not sure what you need were here to help. - How many classes am I allowed to take per month? Our membership is unlimited so for one set price, you’ll be allowed to take as many classes as your schedule permits. - Do I need an East Coast United Gi/Rash guard to train? Not at all. A Jiu Jitsu Gi and rash guard for BJJ classes and athletic wear with no zippers for submission grappling is preferred. - Do you allow drop-ins? Of course all day access is $35.00. - Do you have any Gi or No-Gi restrictions? Any colored Gi is fine just NO PATCHES from other academies. We ask that you wear clean attire for each class you attend. In addition, your No-Gi attire should be free of pockets, zippers, and buttons. - Do you offer private lessons? Yes, we do offer private lessons and you can email us info@ECUJJ.com for more information on available instructors and prices. - Do I need to make reservations to attend classes? In order to uphold the quality of our instruction we ask that you RSVP for classes. New? Please arrive at least 15 minutes early so that you can fill out a waiver and purchase your visitors pass. Please make sure to bring your photo ID. If you are under the age of 18, you will need to be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.

 Here are some answers to a few questions you might have.

 ## Still have a question? We’re here to help you. Contact us. We’re glad to answer any questions.

 Phone: (914) 761-1111
 Email: Info@ECUBJJ.com

 ## Visit us

 280 Ferris Ave,
 White Plains, NY 10603

 Hours
 Monday–Friday
 6:30am–8:30pm
 Phone
 (914) 761-1111
 Email
 Info@ECUBJJ.com
