---
source_url: http://www.kyuzo.ie
final_url: https://kyuzo.ie/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:01:48.995Z
---

# Kyuzo Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Sign up today to get started on your Jiu Jitsu Journey!
 Kids Adults

 ### FREE TRIAL CLASS Fill out the short form to try Jiu Jitsu for free
 Name
 Email
 Mobile Number
 Submit

 ### About Us Kyuzo is one of Dublin's oldest Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academies, and our coaches have two decades experience teaching the martial arts.
 Our members are drawn from every age and every walk of life. Whether you want to be the next Irish Champion to train on our mats, or you just want to get fit while having fun learning a new skill, we are for you! We have classes for everyone from kids to over 40s.
 Our training uses the most modern methods, while remaining true to the traditions of the martial arts. We are an open and inclusive club with a family friendly vibe. Get in touch to find out more!

 Kyuzo is one of Dublin's oldest Brazilian Jiu Jitsu academies, and our coaches have two decades experience teaching the martial arts.
 Our members are drawn from every age and every walk of life. Whether you want to be the next Irish Champion to train on our mats, or you just want to get fit while having fun learning a new skill, we are for you! We have classes for everyone from kids to over 40s.
 Our training uses the most modern methods, while remaining true to the traditions of the martial arts. We are an open and inclusive club with a family friendly vibe. Get in touch to find out more!

 ## Schedule

 ### Kid's Program Our Kid's classes are designed to get your child more active while having fun through learning Martial Arts

 ### Kid's Program Our Kid's classes are designed to get your child more active while having fun through learning Martial Arts

 ##### Mighty Mites for 4 to 7 year olds This class uses fun games and drills to start your little one on the martial arts path. We teach the basic positions of Jiu Jitsu, as well as using games that improve balance, coordination, confidence, and flexibility. Fun is the way!

 ##### Pee Wees for 7 to 9 year olds The Pee Wees learn Jiu Jitsu positions and techniques in a fun, playful manner. Our focus is on enjoyment and developing their physical attributes such as balance, coordination, strength, and agility. They make new friends while learning self defence skills!

 ##### Juniors for 10 to 12 year olds This age group focuses on the fundamental techniques of Jiu Jitsu, as well as playing martial arts related games to develop their physical qualities. We focus on teaching skills for self defence as well as drills to improve athletic ability, all the while making sure training is fun and enjoyable.

 ##### Teens for 13 to 16 year olds Our Teens programme is for young people who want to learn self defence, get fit, and make new friends in a friendly and welcoming team environment. We take new teen members all year round and there's no level of fitness or experience required. Whether you want to compete in the sport of Jiu Jitsu or just learn one of the most effective martial arts, this class is for you.

 ### Adults Programmes ##### Introduction- Getting Your Started in BJJ For your first class, we'll bring you in a little early and walk you through the very basics. You'll get to meet your coach, chat to some of the other members, and learn a little bit about what you'll be doing. It's our job to get your started on the right path. Schedule one of these intros by filling out the Free Trial form above.

 ##### Fundamentals - Jiu Jitsu For Beginners This class teaches the basics of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Here you'll learn the submission moves that can finish a fight, as well as escapes and defence from common fighting positions. This class is your starting point, and is our most popular programme. You'll learn how to train safely and enjoy every session!

 ##### Advanced - Train to Improve This class is for Blue belt and up, and teaches the Kyuzo Advanced curriculum. This session is designed around the sport of Jiu Jitsu, with the very best battle-tested techniques from the competition mats, taught in a modern, athletic environment. If you're experienced and joining us for the first time, this is the class for you. You can also graduate into this session.

 ##### Introduction- Getting Your Started in BJJ For your first class, we'll bring you in a little early and walk you through the very basics. You'll get to meet your coach, chat to some of the other members, and learn a little bit about what you'll be doing. It's our job to get your started on the right path. Schedule one of these intros by filling out the Free Trial form above.

 ##### Fundamentals - Jiu Jitsu For Beginners This class teaches the basics of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Here you'll learn the submission moves that can finish a fight, as well as escapes and defence from common fighting positions. This class is your starting point, and is our most popular programme. You'll learn how to train safely and enjoy every session!

 ##### Advanced - Train to Improve This class is for Blue belt and up, and teaches the Kyuzo Advanced curriculum. This session is designed around the sport of Jiu Jitsu, with the very best battle-tested techniques from the competition mats, taught in a modern, athletic environment. If you're experienced and joining us for the first time, this is the class for you. You can also graduate into this session.

 # Our Coaching Team
 ## Barry Oglesby ### Head Coach Barry is the founder of Kyuzo and one of the original Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Black Belts in Ireland. He enjoys teaching the fundamentals of the art for any arena- sport, self defence, or just for knowledge, and sharing his extensive experience with others. He loves to train alongside everyone and if you can stand his "Dad jokes", you'll love his coaching!

 ## Sean King ### Coach Sean is an experienced Black Belt competitor and coach who works with all levels in the academy. His Jiu Jitsu style is based on movement and technicality, and his enthusiasm for the art is reflected in how he coaches. Sean is a European Silver medalist among his many accomplishments, and when he's not on the mat, you'll find him with his dog Ripley.

 ## David Akinyemi ### Coach Dave coaches Teens and Adults at Kyuzo, and is an active Masters competitor. With his enthusiasm for Jiu Jitsu, you'll find him on the mat training alongside everyone as well as sharing his extensive experience in the classes he coaches. You'll find Dave on the mat constantly!

 ## Lee Heery ### Kids Coach Lee has come all the way through the Kyuzo system from kids classes to being a coach himself. You'll find him on the mat teaching and coaching every age group and loving every second of it. He's studying to be a schoolteacher alongside his Jiu Jitsu studies.

 ## Isabelly Oliveira ### Kids Coach Coach Isa has been training since she was a kid in her native Brazil. Jiu Jitsu has taken her all over Europe to compete and train, and she loves sharing her experiences on the mat with our kids here at Kyuzo.

 ### Want to know more? Fill out the short form to get in touch

 Name
 Email
 Mobile Number
 Submit

 ##### Latest Blog Posts Mustafa Falih is a European Bronze MedalistNew European Medal at KyuzoMon, April 20, 2026 "Jiu Jitsu is Boxes Within Boxes"Something someone told me a long time ago that I still think of.Mon, April 13, 2026 The 3 things to do when you're a Jiu Jitsu BeginnerHere are 3 top tips to get your Jiu Jitsu career started!Tue, April 7, 2026
 View all blog posts →
