---
source_url: http://www.magnessbjj.com
final_url: https://magnessbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:34.046Z
---

# Home
 # Magness Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### WE BUILD MARTIAL ARTISTS

 SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL

 ## About Our Jiu-Jitsu Gym

 We are a family oriented Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy in Cedar Hill, Texas. We serve Duncanville, Desoto, Midlothian, Lancaster and surrounding areas. We provide excellent instruction, a welcoming atmosphere, and a clean facility. Our academy is home to professionals, hobbyists, beginners and everyone in between!

 ## Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 This program is divided into 3 subgroups: Spider Monkeys, Monkeys, and Silver Backs. We work with kids ages 4-12 with classes for both beginners and advanced.

 ## Adult Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 This program is for adults and teens of all levels. Everyone that joins is part of a team working together to support each other and provide growth.

 VIEW MEMBERHSIPS

 ## REVIEWS ON GOOGLE

 ## Amanda Swanberg

 I just moved back to the area and I tried pretty much every BJJ gym in Midlothian, Mansfield/Arlington, and Cedar Hill. Magness was by far the most welcoming, well run gym I found. The lessons are very well run and the coaches are incredible.This gym is great for anyone with any level of experience. I would highly recommend Magness BJJ to anyone looking for a place to train in the area.

 ## Lindita Lushaj

 We have had all three of our children attend Magness and they are absolutely loving it. The training is so professional and they make sure each and every kid is always learning and enjoying it at the same time. It has given all three of my children confidence and that is because of the great training they have. Coach Michael alongside all the other training coaches are absolutely amazing and so patient with each and every kid in the class. Not only do they have classes for children but also have classes for adults. I have been going for the last couple months and I have seen the class grow everyday. If you’re looking to put your children in something this is the place.

 ## Nicholas Blanton

 Magness is the absolute best place to train BJJ, whatever your goals are. I started with just a goal to get back in shape, but the quality of instruction and the culture of the school helped me to get better way faster than I expected, and really to fall in love with the art. There is no comparison between Magness and the other places I trained. I even made friends, which is a little weird for me.

 Our Aim is to provide the best Jiu-Jitsu Instruction in an atmosphere that everyone feels at home.

 SEE MORE REVIEWS

 Schedule Your Free Trial

 ## MEET OUR COACHES

 LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR COACHES

 ## Submit Your Ego

 Try a class with us and see what we are all about!

 FREE TRIAL
