---
source_url: https://mongrelmartialarts.com
final_url: https://mongrelmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:11.579Z
---

Jiu-Jitsu

 Muay Thai

 Judo

 Kickboxing

 Aikido

 Fitness

 ## Welcome To The Pack! We Live To Help You Train
 Start Your Free Week Trial Get In Touch

 ## Mongrel Martial Arts | Midlothian, VA Mongrel is defined as a mixture of things and/or hybrid. And that is what our gym is, a mix… A mix of people, lives, skill sets as well of course a mix of Arts that are offered. No matter what Art you choose to train, you will find the same thing… Dedicated Instructors who care about their students and a family feel throughout the gym.
 Break away from the humdrum of exercise and invest in your health, your safety and your family. Come become a part of OUR Family… Come be a member of our Pack!

 ## Our Core Values - Lead by Example - Create a safe atmosphere for Training and Fun - Give your best - Leave your EGO at the door - Provide the best experience we can

 ## Our Programs
 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu At Mongrel Martial Arts, we offer a top-notch Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program that emphasizes the importance of self-defense and grappling abilities. Our skilled instructors guide students through the techniques and principles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, focusing on both the physical and mental aspects of the practice.
 Read more

 ### Muay Thai Muay Thai, also known as the "Art of Eight Limbs," is a martial art that combines striking techniques with clinching and knee and elbow strikes. It is a challenging and dynamic discipline that requires strength, speed, and endurance.
 Read more

 ### Judo

 ### American Kickboxing American Kickboxing is a martial art that emphasizes striking techniques, including punches, kicks, and knee strikes. It is a discipline that requires speed, agility, and coordination, and can help individuals develop strong reflexes and quick reactions.
 American Kickboxing

 ### Aikido Aikido is a martial art that focuses on the principles of blending with an opponent's movements, redirecting their energy, and applying joint locks and throws. At Mongrel Martial Arts, our Aikido program emphasizes the importance of harmony, discipline, and self-awareness.
 Read more

 ### Fitness At Mongrel, our roots are based in Fitness. JB started the gym as "Mongrel Fitness" back in 2013. He specialized in Interval Training to prepare people for all forms of exercise and athletic events.
 Read More

 Member Login

 WATCH VIDEO

 At Mongrel Martial Arts, you are not some nameless number like the local “Globo Gyms”…
 You are a Member of the Pack!
