---
source_url: http://www.igorgraciejiujitsu.com
final_url: https://igorgraciejiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:48.922Z
---

# Igor Gracie Jiu Jitsu Academy

 Discover our world-class team of instructors with years of experience ready to teach you the art of Gracie Jiu Jitsu. Our goal is to make sure you feel safe, comfortable, and confident as you train with us. No prior experience required.

 Schedule a free intro class

 ## Gracie Jiu Jitsu in Westchester County, NY

 Gracie jiu jitsu – the martial art that has been the foundation of a diverse, worldwide family since its inception in the early 20th century. In the years since its founder, Carlos Gracie, embarked on his quest to create a better way to defend oneself on the streets of early 20th-century Brazil, jiu jitsu has evolved into one of the most efficient and practiced martial arts in the world.
 Now you can learn directly from the source, in Westchester County, NY. Our friendly, welcoming environment offers a positive training experience for people of all ages and skill levels. Adults, kids, families, and friends are all invited to attend our classes. Whether you’re interested in self-defense, getting in shape, or simply learning more about this increasingly popular martial art and lifestyle, you’re sure to have fun while learning valuable skills that could change your life.

 Schedule a free intro class

 ## Gracie Jiu Jitsu Classes

 ### Intro

 Our team of highly trained instructors will give you a warm welcome and ensure you are comfortable during your first class.

 ### Core

 Learn the principles & most efficient techniques of Gracie jiu jitsu to overcome size and strength differences in self defense.

 ### Blue Belt

 Begin your journey into our world-class & proven training methodology that is suitable for people of all ages and physical abilities.

 ### Advanced

 After you’ve mastered the basics, we’ll take your skills to the next level while ensuring that you progress safely & avoid injuries.

 ### Kids

 Your child will gain discipline and self-confidence in a safe and fun environment where they will learn valuable life lessons.

 ## Meet Your Instructors

 ### João

 ### Kevin

 ### Mike

 ### Flavio

 ### Caio

 ### Vitor

 ### Ed

 ### Misha

 ### Scott

 ### Steven

 ###### Founder, Headmaster

 iGOR GRACIE

 “My mission to ensure that all can practice Gracie jiu jitsu regardless of age, gender, or physical ability. To bring this art and positive lifestyle into as many lives as possible, so that all can experience the benefits of healthy living through our martial art”

 ## Testimonials

 The classes here are great! The instructors are friendly, welcoming and encourage every student to work to their highest potential. My daughter has gained strength and confidence while training at Igor Gracie Academy over the past year.

 #### Camila Lock

 The professors are extremely caring, patient and loving with every single child and adult that walks through the door! Such a wonderful year and half I’ve had here at Igor Gracie Jui Jitsu! Highly, highly, highly recommend.

 #### Alyssa Pelicano

 Igor Gracie JIu-Jitsu Academy is the best! Highest level of instruction! Amazing & talented instructors that really care about their students. If you are interested in learning Jiu-Jitsu this is the place to come!

 #### Charles McBain

 ## Schedule a Class Today!

 Discover Gracie Jiu Jitsu, the art and life-long journey to betterment. Be a part of a supportive environment that values your progress. Start today and schedule your first class now!

 Schedule a free intro class
