---
source_url: https://doublefivechicago.com/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://doublefivechicago.com/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.589Z
---

## Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago # Adult Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that focuses on grappling and ground fighting as self-defense. Jiu-Jitsu has recently become more popular and is noted to be one of the fastest-growing MMA sports in the United States. The concept of BJJ is that smaller people who are not as strong can defend themselves against a larger, stronger opponent. Through the use of skillful leveraging techniques and effective groundwork, Our adults Jiu-Jitsu martial artists are able to manipulate, subdue, and control their opponents.

 ### Adult Jiu-Jitsu
 #### Overview Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago offers the following classes:
 - Fundamentals BJJ - All Levels BJJ - Advanced BJJ - No-Gi BJJ
 #### Positive Environment You’ll love BJJ because we love BJJ. At Double Five Jiu-Jitsu, we are passionate about sharing the gift of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with our community. We aim to create an environment where every single student can accomplish their goals – whatever they may be. It doesn’t matter if you’ve spent your entire life training in MMA and are exploring your newest martial arts discipline or you’re just trying to break away from the monotony of the gym, we will exceed your expectations.

 #### Self Defense BJJ at Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago puts you in an atmosphere where you can succeed with any sized opponent, gain self-esteem and confidence in your skills, and learn to never give up and raise your endurance. We will give you the skills you need to feel confident in redirection and assertiveness in any threatening situation. Our members at Double Five Jiu-Jitsu are taught how to assess and de-escalate situations without needing to physically use their skills.
 #### Community In BJJ you need to have a training partner to practice with, so you spend a lot of time with the other students in your class. By creating a bond of trust and reciprocation, you and your grappling partner can then practice various techniques on each other and see what works or doesn’t work. This martial art cannot be learned based solely on the use of paddles or punching bags. Members at Double Five Jiu-Jitsu have become close friends and helped each other refine their skills and reach their goals.

 #### Fitness Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a total body workout because it involves a lot of explosive throws, speed, agility, and ground grappling. At Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body. In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost stamina and endurance. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a high-energy training class from start to finish that is fun and engaging for any student.
 #### Weight Loss Obesity is a serious problem in the United States, so a brand new workout to your routine will greatly help. At Double Five Jiu-Jitsu, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body, so introducing yourself to martial arts is a great way to combat obesity and promote weight loss. In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost flexibility. BJJ is a high-energy training class that is great for overall health and/or weight loss.

 #### Try a Free Class Today! Sign up!

 ##### Free Trial Chicago ×
