---
source_url: https://doublefivechicago.com
final_url: https://doublefivechicago.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.614Z
---

### Welcome to the ## Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Schoolin West Town Double Five Jiu-Jitsu in West Town, Chicago provides the perfect balance between fun, lifestyle, and competition. You’ll find yourself amongst passionate martial artists in a safe environment. We strive to share the benefits of Jiu-Jitsu with people of all ages and experience levels. Our team brings out the best in everyone by improving health, discipline, focus, and confidence. Whether you’re a beginner or a martial arts champion, you’ll find a home at Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago. Find us conveniently located along Chicago Avenue between Ashland Avenue and Armour Street.

 ## What Sets Us Apart While you may have many BJJ schools to choose from, we have no doubt that Double Five Jiu-Jitsu, Chicago is in a league of its own.
 #### Don’t believe us? Here’s why:

 - - Character BJJ is a tool to create confidence, discipline, and better perspectives in school, work, and life. - Community The Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago family is proud of creating a friendly space where everyone feels welcomed and safe. - Lifestyle Jiu-Jitsu training and exercise promote a healthy lifestyle rooted in physical fitness and mental health. You’ll lose weight while relieving stress! - Confidence Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago brings out the best in students’ character. Your confidence will translate to leadership skills on and off the mat. - Self-Defense Thanks to our dedicated instructors and high-quality curriculum, Double Five is the best of the best. - Integrity Jiu-Jitsu builds a foundational understanding of self-defense techniques.

 ### Learn More About Us:
 #### About Us: The Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago team aims to better the lives of students on and off the mat. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training improves both physical fitness and mental well-being. Rooted in positivity and words of encouragement, here, you’ll be met with passionate martial arts instruction and supportive peers.
 Our team’s unique teaching style has proven to be effective in learning proper Jiu-Jitsu at an accelerated pace. Are you ready to achieve success in every area of your life? Join BJJ classes at Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago for top-quality instruction in a welcoming environment!
 #### Our History: Owner Andre Maneco has a long history of martial arts training rooted in a passion for competition and perseverance. He first began his journey at 9 years old with Judo training and has studied Jiu-Jitsu for over 30 years. He began teaching martial arts in 2000 and continues to do so after being awarded black belts in both Jiu-Jitsu and Judo.
 Andre opened up the doors to Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago in 2012, motivated by the sheer love and passion he has for Jiu-Jitsu. Even after a decade of teaching at Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago, he remains deeply fulfilled living the martial arts lifestyle. Every day he continuously strives to do good for the community by educating his students. This investment into the future of Chicago helps countless individuals discover a better lifestyle.

 #### Learn More About Our Instructors Our Instructors

 #### Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago ### Kids Program When it comes to self-defense, BJJ empowers a smaller individual to fight against a larger opponent. But the advantages don’t stop there. BJJ helps kids gain confidence, learn discipline, focus their energy, foster respect for others, and be a part of a one-of-a-kind community full of future friends
 Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 #### Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago ### Adult Program The art of BJJ is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind too. Double Five Jiu-Jitsu's adult classes will help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment.
 Adult Jiu-Jitsu

 #### Double Five Jiu-Jitsu Chicago ### Private Lessons If you’re struggling with a certain skill or hoping to get some extra practice in before your next big tournament, sign up for a personal training session with your favorite instructor today!
 Private Lessons

 ## Testimonials
 - - World-class training with some awesome people. Andre made my traveling group feel like we were training at our home gyms. Chris C. Visitor - Great school, great instructors led by 5x masters world champion, professor Andre Maneco. Diogo A. Student - The feeling of camaraderie here is high and has allowed me to get over that initial intimidation and end up as a regular student going 2-4 times a week for the last 9 months Kyle B. Student - We are extremely grateful to Andre and all of his students for welcoming our boys and allowing them to continue their studies of jiujitsu in a safe and welcoming environment. Santiago-Rosa familia Family - I went to five different BJJ gyms across Chicago, and find Double Five Jiu-Jitsu to be the most beginner-friendly gym of them all. Tim Y. Student

 #### June Belt Promotion Double Five Jiu-Jitsu will be holding their June Belt Promotion on June 11th.

 Read More

 #### Chicago Open Tournament Double Five Jiu-Jitsu will be attending the Chicago Open Tournament this weekend!

 Read More

 #### Martial arts for fitness Learning martial arts is beneficial for a variety of reasons. Not only do you learn self-defense, but all of that…

 Read More
