---
source_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com/martial-arts/west-louisiana-jujutsu-training-academy-provides-martial-arts-classes-in-leesville-for-the-whole-family/
final_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com/martial-arts/west-louisiana-jujutsu-training-academy-provides-martial-arts-classes-in-leesville-for-the-whole-family/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:54.504Z
---

## MARTIAL ARTS FOR BOTH CHILDREN AND ADULTS!

 - shihanharvey@wljta.com - 337-375-7371

 Menu

 # West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy Provides Martial Arts Classes in Leesville for the Whole Family

 West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy is renowned for martial arts classes in Leesville for preschool, kids, teens, and adults. You will find a number of fun-filled classes including:

 - Pre-School & Kids Martial Arts classes - Tweens Martial Arts classes - Muay Thai classes - Teens & Adults Martial Arts classes - Wrestling
 West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy mixes a great blend of fitness, discipline and self defense into their lessons, that make this the perfect activity for all ages.
 Keeping fit and having a regular stress relieving endeavour is critical these days. Being able to combine that, with learning valuable skills that can save your life, makes martial arts classes a necessity. Many students and instructors say that they can go into their martial arts lesson feeling one way, but they always leaving feeling full of energy and happy. Because they had ‘FUN’ during their class.
 Come and try West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy martial arts classes in Leesville for yourself.
 See our special website offers, and find out why millions around the world enjoy martial arts.

 #### SHARE THIS POST

 ## About our programs

 ## Pre-School & Kids Martial Artsin Leesville Discover why parents love our Pre-School Martial Arts program in Leesville. It's the perfect blend of gross motor, personal development and character enrichment. Find out why 100's of families, just like yours, trust West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy

 Learn More our program

 ## Tweens Martial Artsin Leesville Parents love our Kids Martial Arts program in Leesville, Why? Because it's the perfect blend of self defense, personal development and character enrichment. Find out why so many families, just like yours, love and trust West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy

 Learn More our program

 ## Boxing & Muay Thaiin Leesville Fitness and Self Defense, two major goals for anyone looking for Muay Thai Training in Leesville . It’s time to change up your work out and get the results you’ve been looking for.

 Learn More our program

 ## Teens & Adults Martial Artsin Leesville Fitness and Self Defense, two major goals parents have when looking for Teen Martial Arts in Leesville. It's time to give your teenager a work out and get the results that they need.

 Learn More our program

 ## Bjj, Greco-Roman Wrestling, Japanese Shooto, Catch Wrestling, & Samboin Leesville Most fights end up on the ground. This makes wrestling one of the most important forms of self-defense on the planet. In our Leesville wrestling classes, you’ll master this powerful art while getting FIT, fast.

 Learn More our program
