---
source_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com/muay-thai-in-person-classes-west-louisiana-jujutsu-training-academy-leesville/
final_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com/muay-thai-in-person-classes-west-louisiana-jujutsu-training-academy-leesville/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:55.424Z
---

- 337-375-7371 - 101 South 3rd Street, Leesville, LA 70634

 # Leesville Muay Thai, Now Offering In-Person Classes!

 ## Get a FREE Class and Meet Your Instructors... Boxing & Muay Thai Classes in Leesville

 “So fun it’s addicting!” Our amazing program is now offering In-Person Classes in Leesville! Burn fat & build lean muscle, fast. Plus it’s so much fun!

 Everything included:

 Boxing & Muay Thai Classes

 [Hurry! Spots are limited!]

 Experienced Instructors

 - 101 South 3rd Street, Leesville, LA 70634

 Fill out the form below to

 ### Schedule a Class and meet your instructors

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 BOOK NOW! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 Our adult STX Kickboxing program is a hybrid striking system that focuses on explosive techniques from Boxing, Panatukan, Jun Fan Kickboxing, Savate, and Muay Thai.
 In STX kickboxing, students will learn a blend of Punches, elbows, kicks, and Knees from each art. These skills are easily tanslated in MMA, Kickboxing, Boxing, and self defense situations. From glove drills, focus mitts, Thai-pads, bag training, and sparring, students will have a variety of striking options.
 This is an amazing class to lose weight, get fit and suitable for the complete beginer or experienced martial artist. It is also a major compliment if you have a backgorund in boxing or kickboxing. This will take your training to the next level.

 ## Powerful Self-Defense Keeps You Safe.

 It’s not just a workout — it’s a life-saving skill. Learn how to protect yourself and your loved ones, even if an attacker is bigger and stronger than you.
 People all over Leesville turn to us for their Self-Defense training.

 ## No Experience Required!

 Never thrown a kick in your life? Or a punch? No problem. Most of our members in Leesville started out just like you. And like them, before you know it, you’ll look & feel like a pro.

 ## Burn Fat. Build Lean Muscle. Fast.

 Muay Thai will work your body in totally new ways. You’ll build muscles you never even knew you had. That’s what people all over Leesville are discovering.

 ### Get a FREE Class and Meet Your Instructors... Boxing & Muay Thai Classes in Leesville

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 BOOK NOW!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "I've been using this gym for roughly six months, 3 times a week. Each class has always been led with extreme enthusiasm by all of the instructors. "

 "Amazing class especially for beginners, they go through step by step to show you technique. Adult class is always exciting."

 "I absolutely love this dojo! The people here are fantastic. They are truly family oriented and I felt very welcome from the very first day. "

 "I want to say my most humble thank you to all of my instructors and fellow students. This school has given me a new Lease On Life! I have been blessed beyond measure. "

 ## You May Also Like Our

 ## Integrated Submission Wrestling

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu FREE!
 For Beginners

 Perfect for a mix of self-defense and real-world applications, BJJ in Leesville is a must if you're looking for serious martial arts. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Leesville will transform your physique while crushing your fitness goals, all while you learn useful and practical self-defense skills.
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Greco Roman Wrestling FREE!
 For Beginners

 Looking for a FUN workout that teaches a life-saving skill? Look not further than our Leesville greco roman wrestling classes! Our sneaky instructors make working out FUN and help you melt stress with wrestling - all while helping you push yourself to be the best version of yourself you can possibly be.
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Catch Wrestling FREE!
 For Beginners

 Students LOVE our catch wrestling classes in Leesville because they're so much more than self defense. Our classes help you get super fit, super fast and break a sweat every week. Plus, we're a big, goofy family here- you'll make tons of friends along the way!
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Sambo FREE!
 For Beginners

 Our Leesville Sambo classes are no joke! If you're ready to ramp up your fitness like never before, learn real-world self defense skills and make new friends while you learn Sambo, this is the program for you!
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Adult Program

 I hate doing gym workouts, I find them boring. Will this be similar?
 Definitely not! You will get fit, you will burn off unwanted calories, you will find it an awesome stress relief. But BORING, it is NOT!
 The variety, challenge and the feeling of accomplishment when you master a self defense skill or technique is why students love our Leesville adult martial arts classes at West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy.
 But we find it’s the friendships and fun that keep students coming back. It’s like their second family. Why not find out for yourself. Book in for our limited time offer on this page!

 I’m not very sporty or co-ordinated. Will that be a problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer, the fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Leesville martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 ### Fill out the form below to Schedule a Class and meet your instructors

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 BOOK NOW! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
