---
source_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com/tweens-martial-arts-in-person-classes-west-louisiana-jujutsu-training-academy-leesville/
final_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com/tweens-martial-arts-in-person-classes-west-louisiana-jujutsu-training-academy-leesville/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:56.382Z
---

- 337-375-7371 - 101 South 3rd Street, Leesville, LA 70634

 # Leesville Tweens Martial Arts, Now In-Person Classes!

 ## Schedule a Tour and Meet Your Instructors... Tweens Martial Arts Classes in Leesville

 “I can’t believe the difference.” Our amazing Tweens Martial arts program is now offering in-person classes here in Leesville! Boosts your child’s focus, respect, confidence, and social skills… while they have FUN.

 Everything included:

 Tweens Martial Arts Classes

 [Hurry! Spots are limited!]

 Expert Instructors

 - 101 South 3rd Street, Leesville, LA 70634

 Fill out the form below to

 ### Schedule a Tour and meet your instructors

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 BOOK NOW! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING:
 Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds

 BOOK NOW!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 ## So Much More Than Punches & Kicks. Changes Lives.

 Martial arts is not just self defense. It’s a tool we use to help kids become leaders. Hundreds of Leesville parents can’t believe the incredible transformation.

 ## So Much FUN! While Teaching Respect, Discipline, & Focus.

 We don’t have many rules here, but they’re very rigorously enforced. As a result, kids learn and develop strong, healthy boundaries. And boundaries are so essential to helping kids thrive.
 Discipline and respect flourish within a few short weeks. This is why Parents LOVE our Tweens Martial Arts Program here in Leesville.

 ## Prepares Your Child For Success In Life.

 Kids who train martial arts have a higher success rate in school. Why? Discipline, focus, goal setting, and drive. Martial arts instills these incredible traits in your child, every time they come.
 That’s what makes our Leesville Tweens Martial Arts Classes so Powerful.

 ### Schedule a Tour and Meet Your Instructors... Tweens Martial Arts Classes in Leesville

 Hurry up! Only [11] Passes Remaining

 BOOK NOW!Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 "It is a very good place! Great classes for children, safe environment and very professional instructors. "

 "They take time, but they don’t take excuses. They care, and truly want your children to get a positive experience from the classes they offer . I’m glad my son is there."

 "They are patient but stern. They let them know just what they need to know. They have helped us a lot with our son on the spectrum. "

 "I have seen major growth in both of my children in the year we have been going. Thank you so much for your encouragement, motivation, and training you have given my children, not to mention the confidence they both have! "

 ## You May Also Like Our

 ## Integrated Submission Wrestling

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu FREE!
 For Beginners

 Perfect for a mix of self-defense and real-world applications, BJJ in Leesville is a must if you're looking for serious martial arts. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Leesville will transform your physique while crushing your fitness goals, all while you learn useful and practical self-defense skills.
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Greco Roman Wrestling FREE!
 For Beginners

 Looking for a FUN workout that teaches a life-saving skill? Look not further than our Leesville greco roman wrestling classes! Our sneaky instructors make working out FUN and help you melt stress with wrestling - all while helping you push yourself to be the best version of yourself you can possibly be.
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Catch Wrestling FREE!
 For Beginners

 Students LOVE our catch wrestling classes in Leesville because they're so much more than self defense. Our classes help you get super fit, super fast and break a sweat every week. Plus, we're a big, goofy family here- you'll make tons of friends along the way!
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Sambo FREE!
 For Beginners

 Our Leesville Sambo classes are no joke! If you're ready to ramp up your fitness like never before, learn real-world self defense skills and make new friends while you learn Sambo, this is the program for you!
 REGISTER NOW

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Children's Martial Arts Program

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 A specific part of our preschool and tweens martial arts classes at West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy in Leesville is teaching respect, and teaching when to use their new self defense training and when to NOT use them. We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies. And have more humility and kindness to others though their martial arts lessons.

 Do Parents Need To Stay?
 We don’t require parents to stay during classes. However, we do find that parents who get involved with their tweens martial arts lessons, truly build a solid connection as they see their child grow in confidence and skill as they progress through their belt ranks. And building strong family units is important to us at West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy for our Leesville community.

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy in Leesville have martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 My Child Has ADHD, Will Martial Arts Help?
 Yes! One of the great things about martial arts classes, is that it’s an individual sport, done in a group environment. We find all our students improve in their focus, self control, discipline and social skills. But the best part is…. They don’t even realise that is what our highly trained Tweens Martial Arts Instructors are actually doing. They just think they are having fun!
 The best way to find out for yourself, is to take advantage of our limited time offer. You’ll find our team so helpful and dedicated to helping your child become the best version of themselves. Book in now! You will be glad you did!

 Are Parents Allowed to Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their tweens martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 My Child Is Not Athletic, Will They Feel Left Out?
 Not at all. You will find that martial arts classes are the PERFECT sport for kids who are not good at sport. Tweens martial arts classes really are an individual after school activity, that they do in a group.
 The journey from white belt to black belt is different for each student. But what is the same…. They improve co-ordination, balance, motor skills, focus and discipline. Plus, they makes lots of great friends!
 Our Instructors are highly skilled in teaching martial arts for kids. Really… It’s their PASSION!

 My Child Is Addicted To Computer Games, Will This Be Suitable?
 This is probably the BEST kids activity for children who sit a lot!
 Getting them active, without them realising they are learning, is our skill. Kicking and punching pads is such a great stress relief, that kids blossom in all areas – because of their martial arts training.
 Many Leesville parents find that once their tweens start martial arts classes, they see a happier, more social child develop right before their eyes. You’ll be glad they started classes!
 PLUS…. Most kids LOVE being ninja!

 ### Fill out the form below to Schedule a Tour and meet your instructors

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 BOOK NOW! Only [11] Passes Remaining!

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 WARNING: Offer Expires In...

 Days
 Hours
 Minutes
 Seconds
