---
source_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com
final_url: https://leesvillejujutsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:57.325Z
---

- shihanharvey@wljta.com - 337-375-7371

 Menu

 # Leesville Best Martial Arts schooL

 Find out why so many people in Leesville turn to West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy for their martial arts training. Parent's just like you have discovered how to maximize their child's potential and accelerate their development! Request more information or Get Started Today with our Exclusive Online Only Offer!

 - Leesville Members Have Seen Improvements in as little as 7 days!

 ## view our scheduleand gain access to our exclusive web special

 ab_firstname
 ab_lastname
 ab_emailaddress
 ab_mobile
 Program 🔻 Select A Program Preschool & Kids Martial Arts Tweens Martial Arts Teen Martial Arts Adult Martial Arts Muay Thai Wrestling Seminar Speaking

 GET STARTED TODAY

 By opting in, you agree to receive periodic text messages & emails from West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy. Your information will never be shared. Reply STOP to cancel. Standard rates may apply. View our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy .

 EXPLORE OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Pre-School & Kids Martial Artsin Leesville The perfect blend of gross motor skill building and fun! Our pre-school martial arts program gives your little one the tools to surpass their development expectations. We're dedicated to your child's growth and success!

 Learn More our program

 ## Tweens Martial Artsin Leesville The perfect blend of self defense and tradition. Our kids martial arts program gives your child with tools to protect themselves, and equips them with skills to have an unfair advantage in school. We're dedicated to your child's growth!

 Learn More our program

 ## Boxing & Muay Thaiin Leesville Fitness and Self Defense, two major goals for anyone looking for Muay Thai Training in Leesville. It’s time to change up your work out and get the results you’ve been looking for.

 Learn More our program

 ## Teens & Adults Martial Artsin Leesville The ultimate tech alternative that gets teens active, engaged, stronger and safer. Motivation has never been easier!

 Learn More our program

 ## Bjj, Catch Wrestling, Greco-Roman, Japanese Shooto, in Leesville Most fights end up on the ground. This makes wrestling one of the most important forms of self-defense on the planet. In our Leesville wrestling classes, you’ll master this powerful art while getting FIT, fast.

 Learn More our program

 ## why CHOOSE West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy?

 Since we’ve opened, we’ve been dedicated to changing the lives of people one person at a time, through martial arts, education and coaching. We strive to provide a safe, comfortable and welcoming atmosphere for all students and family members in Leesville. We take pride in creating an environment for individuals to achieve, develop and succeed in their personal goals.
 We strongly believe that martial arts can be for everyone, regardless of age, gender or experience levels. Throughout all of our programs, students will not only learn the necessary skill sets to protect themselves, we stand behind our realistic and practical approach, confident it will enable every member to achieve greatness and live their best life.

 "My daughter goes here and they are amazing!!!! She was having many problems we are starting to level out!!! They are always making sure our daughter is doing okay even out of class. "

 "Amazing class especially for beginners, they go through step by step to show you technique. Adult class is always exciting."

 "Sensei Anita and Shihan Joey have been wonderful with Jarre since his beginning at 4 years old. Two years later he still loves it and is going strong! "

 "I want to say my most humble thank you to all of my instructors and fellow students. This school has given me a new Lease On Life! I have been blessed beyond measure. "

 ## About our programs

 ## Pre-School & Kids Martial Artsin Leesville Discover why parents love our Pre-School Martial Arts program in Leesville. It's the perfect blend of gross motor, personal development and character enrichment. Find out why 100's of families, just like yours, trust West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy

 Learn More our program

 ## Tweens Martial Artsin Leesville Parents love our Kids Martial Arts program in Leesville, Why? Because it's the perfect blend of self defense, personal development and character enrichment. Find out why so many families, just like yours, love and trust West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy

 Learn More our program

 ## Boxing & Muay Thaiin Leesville Fitness and Self Defense, two major goals for anyone looking for Muay Thai Training in Leesville . It’s time to change up your work out and get the results you’ve been looking for.

 Learn More our program

 ## Teens & Adults Martial Artsin Leesville Fitness and Self Defense, two major goals parents have when looking for Teen Martial Arts in Leesville. It's time to give your teenager a work out and get the results that they need.

 Learn More our program

 ## Bjj, Greco-Roman Wrestling, Japanese Shooto, Catch Wrestling, & Samboin Leesville Most fights end up on the ground. This makes wrestling one of the most important forms of self-defense on the planet. In our Leesville wrestling classes, you’ll master this powerful art while getting FIT, fast.

 Learn More our program

 ## Frequently Asked Questions

 Most frequent questions and answers about our Martial Arts Programs

 Will My Child Become A Bully?
 A specific part of our preschool and kids martial arts classes at West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy in Leesville is teaching respect, and teaching when to use their new self defense training and when to NOT use them. We find that our students become more confident to stand up to bullies. And have more humility and kindness to others though their martial arts lessons.

 Are Parents Allowed To Watch?
 We encourage parents to watch their children in their kids martial arts lessons. We love parents getting involved! And so do their kids. Even better… join into some of our martial arts classes for adults. Your kids will love that you have something in common. It will build a strong family bond!
 Additionally, if you wanted some ‘me-time’? Simply drop them off, and go grab a coffee. They will greet you with a huge smile when you return, because they had SO much fun!

 Do I Need To Be Fit For This?
 No, not at all! We find that people start at varying fitness levels. But, you will find that you do get fit by doing our Leesville martial arts classes. Isn’t that the point though? A fun workout that gets results!

 How Long Until I Get My Black Belt?
 Truthfully, the journey to black belt is an individual one. Everyone can progress at a different pace. There is no judgement on students for how long it does take. What we can tell you, is that it is SO WORTHWHILE!
 The self defense skills you will master can truly be life-saving!
 However, the other benefits of striving for black belt, like perseverance, never giving up, commitment and self discipline lead to life-long success.
 You will find that your Instructors at West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy Leesville are dedicated to helping you on your journey to black belt or whatever your personal goal may be.

 How Do I Claim Your Limited Time Offer?
 We do only have a certain amount of space in our martial arts training area. Take advantage of our limited time offer, the fastest way is to fill in the form.
 Additionally, you can always call us, we would love to chat with you about what we do, and if our Leesville martial arts classes would be a great fit for you and your family!

 What Do I Need To Bring To My First Martial Arts Lesson?
 Make sure you wear comfortable clothes you can do sport in! Not really suitable to practice kicks in a skirt. 😳
 Be sure to bring a water bottle to your martial arts classes. You will find West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy in Leesville have martial arts classes for kids and adults that are a great workout and lots of fun! Most students are grinning from ear to ear by the end of the class. I am sure you will be too!

 I'm Not Very Sporty or Coordinated, Will That Be A Problem?
 Not at all. In fact, many students starting in our adult martial arts classes would describe themselves like that before they started. So you will fit right in!
 Give yourself some time, and you will be astounded at how much you improve! You’ll find that our very experienced martial arts instructors, are trained to keep their teaching simple. So even the most uncoordinated person will develop ‘ninja-like’ skills! Come see for yourself!

 West Louisiana Jujutsu Training Academy
 Leesville

 We’re located at 101 South 3rd Street , stop by and say hello!
