---
source_url: http://tabjj.com/about
final_url: https://www.tabjj.com/kids-class
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:28.852Z
---

# KIDS BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 #### Healthy Habits

 BJJ training involves various movements such as rolling, tumbling, and techniques that promote agility, flexibility, and strength. Regular practice of BJJ enhances overall fitness and physical health, which is essential for growing kids.

 Through age-appropriate training, children learn fundamental self-defense maneuvers that focus on leverage, technique, and timing rather than brute strength.

 #### Self-Defense Skills

 #### Builds Confidence

 Students learn the importance of self-assurance and are encouraged to push past their limits, conquer challenges, and emerge stronger.

 #### Promotes Focus

 One aspect that is often overlooked is the development of focus and concentration in children through Jiu-Jitsu training. From learning new techniques to sparring with training partners, students need to stay alert and attentive during every class.

 #### Instills Humility

 Humility in BJJ goes beyond politeness, emphasizing respect for opponents and being open to learning from all. By instilling humility, our little badgers will be known to have impressive technique and admirable character.

 ### WORDS FROM OUR LITTLE BADGERS

 #### “It’s fun, challenging, and exciting!”

 - Leslie, 13

 #### “I love my gi, my friends, my coaches, the warm-ups, and doing my favorite moves like S-mount and wrestling!”

 - Aubree, 7

 #### “I like learning new moves with my friends.”

 - Sebastian, 6

 #### “I like practicing my rear naked choke on no-gi days & hanging out with my friends in the playroom when my parents train.”

 - Callum, 8

 #### “Um, just fight. I have fun and I jump around!”

 - Enzo, 5

 ## FAQs

 - Is BJJ safe for children? Safety is a top concern for parents, and rightfully so. Jiu-jitsu, when taught by experienced and qualified instructors in a controlled environment, is generally considered safe for children. Instructors prioritize safety by teaching proper techniques, supervising training sessions on padded mats. - At what age is my child allowed to join BJJ? Here at TABJJ, we start kids at 4 years of age. - Are there different classes for different ages? We have one kids class that accommodates all ages. Coaches will pair up kids around the same age/build during training sessions.
