---
source_url: http://tabjj.com
final_url: https://www.tabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:28.990Z
---

Welcome to The Academy of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, home of Moises Antonio Lopez , better known as “The Honeybadger” who has distinguished himself to be one of the highest-level BJJ leg lockers in the world.
 He is a 4x World Gi and NoGi Champion, 2x Pan American Gi and NoGi Champion, 8x American Nationals Gi and NoGi Weight/Absolute Champion, a 28x IBJJF Weight/Absolute Champion, and a 23x IBJJF Weight/Absolute Medalist.

 Here at TABJJ, we provide a welcoming and supportive environment for practitioners of all skill levels, beginners to seasoned veterans.
 Whether your goal is to improve your fitness, learn self-defense techniques, or compete at the highest level, our gym has the resources and expertise to help you reach your full potential, both on and off the mat.
 Come join our family and experience the transformative power of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

 - KIDS CLASSES Our kids' program goes beyond physical techniques; it instills valuable life lessons and promotes a sense of empowerment. *Starting age is 4-years-old*View DetailsNOW OFFERING:SUMMER BREAK SPECIAL!No ContractsNo Registration FeesUnlimited Training!Sign-Up - WOMENS CLASS Every Thursday, all belt ranges.View Details - ADULT CLASSES Beginners to Advanced.View Details - FUNDAMENTALS Beginner focused.View Details - STRENGTH & CONDITIONING Circuit training. Free to parents!View Details

 # PROGRAMS

 ELITE-LEVEL TRAINING
 Top-tier instruction and elite-level training for anyone from a hobbyist to a professional! World-class training with excellent mat space and strength and conditioning facilities! Extremely welcoming and positive environment and the best place to learn Brazilian in Las Vegas! I have trained on three continents and in several countries, and this is the best program I’ve ever had the pleasure to be a part of!

 — ZACH D.

 GREAT FAMILY TO BE A PART OF
 I can't say how much I love this gym. I've been training here for almost a year now and from the first time I walked in the gym I felt welcome. Everyone I've been in contact with from Antonio to all my training partners has been incredible. It's a great family to be a part of from experienced people or beginners. No egos, no attitudes, just good hard training. Even if you're in your mid-40s like I am, come in...you'll love it.

 — ANTHONY V.

 VIEW MORE TESTIMONIALS
 VIEW MORE TESTIMONIALS

 ### FEATURED ON NEWS 3 LV

 ### Free 2-Day Trial

 Walk-ins welcomed! No call or schedule necessary.

 Active duty members and veterans receive 20% off their memberships!

 ### Military Discount

 ### Family Discount

 Families of multiples receive 10% off each member!
