---
source_url: http://10thplanetlongmont.com
final_url: https://www.10thplanetlongmont.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.723Z
---

TRY A FREE CLASS

 # The Only Failure is Failing to Try.
 # our mission
 We are committed to empowering the people of longmont by teaching the most dominant submission grappling system that exists today. Founded by Eddie Bravo blackbelt, Conor Heun, We believe that by creating an strong community of mindful warriors with the technical skills and presence of mind to stand against violence and bullying we are able to effectively reducing the amount of fear, pain, and suffering in the world. ​
 ​
 At 10th Planet Longmont we are fiercely committed to creating the most technically advanced grapplers on the planet. Once you master the system you will be free to move through the world without fear. We believe that when we live without fear, we live as our most authentic selves. When we feel safe and supported we are free to fully express ourselves as we seek to live in alignment with our highest purpose. We deeply believe that by empowering a community of mindful warriors through technical martial arts mastery we can effectively raise the vibration of the world.
 At 10th Planet Longmont we wish to live in a world where people lift each other up and strive for the common good. By becoming stronger as individuals we strengthen the collective. When we become more patient as individuals we show others the way of patience. When we stand up and fight against cruelty and injustice we improve the world as a whole. We cannot work to improve the world if we don't first improve ourselves. If you want to get stronger, become more confident, gain patience, and move through the world in a more relaxed and present state, then join come join us on the mats at 10th Planet Longmont.
 Remember, the revolution begins with you.
 ​

 “Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.”

 Winston Churchill

 TRY A FREE CLASS
 ### Ready to find out more?
