---
source_url: https://steelcitymartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://steelcitymartialarts.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:11.764Z
---

# Pittsburgh Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes

 ## Master The Art Of Ground Grappling With Our BJJ Classes In Pittsburgh At Steel City Martial Arts, we truly have a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program for all experience levels and priorities. This ground-based self-defense system relies on leverage and technique, allowing smaller, weaker fighters to overcome bigger, stronger opponents - and as a total-body effort, this sport provides an incredible workout for anyone who tries it.
 And with us, you'll learn from the best. Steel City Martial Arts is home to 7 authentic BJJ Black Belts.
 So whether you're looking to get in great shape , master real-world self-defense , or challenge yourself against some of the best fighters in Pittsburgh , we've got you covered.
 Get started today!
 ## ## Our BJJ Classes In Pittsburgh Serve Every Group In Our Community The great part about BJJ training is that its backbone is rooted in real-world self-defense. Because a majority of violent altercations end up on the ground, BJJ provides invaluable skills for everyday men and women to stay safe.
 But at Steel City Martial Arts, our goal is to ensure that every member of the community is covered. That means offering multiple Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes that serve a wide range of needs and abilities.
 Our BJJ Classes In Pittsburgh include:
 Kids BJJ: The best way for your child to stay active and learn incredible self-discipline. These classes are high-energy and tons of fun!
 Women's BJJ: Helping women of all ages and abilities stay safe in any situation with strategies for any attacker or threat.
 Beginners BJJ: Build your skills from the ground up. We'll help you master each movement before putting them together into a coherent attack.
 Competition BJJ: Challenge your body and your mind against the best of the best. We surround you with high-quality coaching and unbelievable motivation.
 No Gi BJJ: Master the art of modern-day self-defense without the traditional Gi . This class offers less leverage and more realistic skills for real-world violence.
 Check out our schedule to find the class that works best for you!
 ## And Don't Forget: Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Offers Everyone An Incredible Workout! Fitness classes are great, but are they really helping you see the best results possible? With our BJJ Classes in Pittsburgh, you can keep your heart racing and your muscles moving - all while perfecting the art of cutting-edge self-defense.
 Whether you're trying it for the first time or you're taking your skills to the next level, our team is here to help you get the most out of every workout and build muscles you never knew you had.
 This total-body system can help you enjoy:
 - Lean, toned muscle growth - Healthy, sustainable weight loss - Incredible fat burn - Boosted cardiovascular health - Unwavering self-confidence
 ## Give It A Try Today! Our BJJ Classes In Pittsburgh Are Simply Second To None! Don't miss out on the best training in town. We're so confident you'll love our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training that we're willing to offer you a trial class for FREE.
 That's right. You've got nothing to lose.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen now to join us at Steel City Martial Arts and see for yourself why we're known as the best martial arts training in all of Pittsburgh!

 ### Our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Are Located In - Castle Shannon - Canonsburg - Wexford

 #### Request More Information

 Kids Martial Arts

 Our team is proud to offer high-quality Kids Martial Arts Classes for students across Pittsburgh and beyond. We blend the best aspects of physical, social, and ...
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 From beginners to experts, we've got everyone covered. Our BJJ program in Pittsburgh offers a wide range of classes for all ages and skills levels. Take on a gr ...
 Cardio Kickboxing

 Burn hundreds of calories and build lean muscle in no time with our Steel City Fit Cardio Kickboxing Classes in Pittsburgh. Perfect for all experience levels, t ...

 Pittsburgh's Home For Better Martial Arts
 Steel city is more than good martial arts......its good family ....

 An outstanding place and people! My son looks up to all the instructors especially his Sensei and his son Santino, great guys!

 A great place to train jiujitsu. Friendly and helpful athletes, nice space, and extremely clean. This school is for the all levels and abilities. Highly recommend.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
