---
source_url: https://steelcitymartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://steelcitymartialarts.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:12.163Z
---

# Pittsburgh Kids Martial Arts Classes

 ## At Steel City, We're Proud To Offer A Wide Range Of Kids Martial Arts Classes We are truly passionate about serving students across all of Pittsburgh with the highest quality martial arts classes around. When your child joins our Kids Martial Arts program at Steel City Martial Arts, they'll be welcomed from day one and supported on their journey to boosted confidence , improved self-defense , and an incredible foundation of life skills.
 Schedule your FREE trial class today!
 ## Our Kids Martial Arts Classes In Pittsburgh Have Something For Everyone! This isn't your cookie cutter Kids Martial Arts program, all of our kids classes are taught be certified black belts. At Steel City, we take pride in offering your child high-quality instruction and dedicated coaching.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes in Pittsburgh include:
 Tai-Jitsu Karate: The best way to introduce students to physical tools like balance, strength, and coordination, while also covering important topics like conflict resolution and self-defense.
 Tai-Jitsu Karate is a holistic self-defense system that gives students a foundation of tools to use in the face of any challenge life throws their way.
 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: This traditional martial art teaches the concept that a smaller, weaker fighter can overcome a larger opponent by using leverage and technique to their advantage.
 Our Kids BJJ class promotes both mental and physical growth and enables your child to feel great about themselves and stay motivated week in and week out.
 ## Give Your Child The Skills To Succeed In All Aspects Of Life Sure, we aim to teach your child cutting-edge martial arts strategies and have fun doing it. But we also aim to develop a well-rounded skill set in your child that will serve them for years to come.
 Our Kids Martial Arts Classes provide valuable lessons in determination and courage while giving your child the space to grow physically, emotionally, and socially.
 No matter what path your child takes in life, they'll learn to rely on the skills taught at Steel City Martial Arts in everything they do.
 Treat your child to valuable tools like:
 - Determination and perseverance - Leadership and teamwork - Communication and compromise - Self-confidence in everything they do
 ## ## Don't Miss Out! Join Us Today For The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Pittsburgh! We know how important the influences in your child's life can be. That's why we invite you to check out our Kids Martial Arts program firsthand. Join us at Steel City Martial Arts for a FREE trial class and learn more about everything we have to offer families across Pittsburgh.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started today!

 ### Our Kids Martial Arts Classes Are Located In - Castle Shannon - Canonsburg - Wexford

 #### Request More Information

 Kids Martial Arts

 Our team is proud to offer high-quality Kids Martial Arts Classes for students across Pittsburgh and beyond. We blend the best aspects of physical, social, and ...
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu

 From beginners to experts, we've got everyone covered. Our BJJ program in Pittsburgh offers a wide range of classes for all ages and skills levels. Take on a gr ...
 Cardio Kickboxing

 Burn hundreds of calories and build lean muscle in no time with our Steel City Fit Cardio Kickboxing Classes in Pittsburgh. Perfect for all experience levels, t ...

 Pittsburgh's Home For Better Martial Arts
 Steel city is more than good martial arts......its good family ....

 An outstanding place and people! My son looks up to all the instructors especially his Sensei and his son Santino, great guys!

 A great place to train jiujitsu. Friendly and helpful athletes, nice space, and extremely clean. This school is for the all levels and abilities. Highly recommend.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
