---
source_url: https://steelcitymartialarts.com
final_url: https://steelcitymartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:12.418Z
---

# Pittsburgh's Premier BJJ And Self-Defense Training All Ages And Experience Levels Are Invited To Get Started Today!

 Self Defense Training Available for Both Individual and Group Lessons! Call for Details!

 ### Get Started Today! Request Information Now!

 ## Steel City Martial Arts Self-Defense And Fitness For The Whole Family

 At Steel City Martial Arts, we're committed to offering professional martial arts training for everyone in Pittsburgh. With us, you'll receive world class instruction from 7 Jiu-Jitsu Black Belts and 8 Tai-Jitsu Black Belts, awarded their rank by Helio and Rickson Gracie Red and Black Belt Pedro Sauer. We're proud to have more resident Jiu Jitsu Black Belts than any other school in the tri-state area and as the largest and longest-running BJJ school in Pittsburgh, we have a proven history of success. Whether you're an experienced fighter or just getting started, we're here to make your goals a reality one step at a time. Join us today and take on the area's most highly respected martial arts training. We'll show you the difference from day one.
 Request Information Now!
 1 #### Our Black Belt Team SCMA is home to 6 certified Black Belts and brings decades of experience to every class. We're proud to share the Gracie family lineage with everyday men and women across Pittsburgh, dedicating ourselves to the highest quality every day.

 2 #### Our Core Values It is our theory that the best martial arts training should never be limited to only the best athletes and Black Belts. Our aim is to share what we know with everyone in our community, making the martial arts accessible.

 3 #### Our Mission Our mission is to share with each and every family around us the values and life skills that come with comprehensive Martial Arts training. From better fitness to unwavering self-confidence, we're here to empower you one step at a time.

 4 #### Our Promise We pledge to maintain a safe and supportive environment for everyone who comes through our doors. With us, you can rely on high-quality coaching without the threat of injury or intimidation.

 ## REAL PEOPLE REAL RESULTS ### Charles B. Steel city is more than good martial arts......its good family ........ Read more

 ### Chris C. An outstanding place and people! My son looks up to all the instructors especially his Sensei and his son Santino, great guys!.... Read more

 ### Mike S. A great place to train jiujitsu. Friendly and helpful athletes, nice space, and extremely clean. This school is for the all levels and abilities. Highly recommend..... Read more

 See our Testimonials

 ## Kids Martial Arts Our team is proud to offer high-quality Kids Martial Arts Classes for students across Pittsburgh and beyond. We blend the best aspects of physical, social, and emotional growth - all in a fun and friendly environment!

 Learn more

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu From beginners to experts, we've got everyone covered. Our BJJ program in Pittsburgh offers a wide range of classes for all ages and skills levels. Take on a great workout and learn the best self-defense skills in no time.

 Learn more

 ## Cardio Kickboxing Burn hundreds of calories and build lean muscle in no time with our Steel City Fit Cardio Kickboxing Classes in Pittsburgh. Perfect for all experience levels, these classes can help you see real results fast!

 Learn more

 Pittsburgh's Home For Better Martial Arts
 ## So Much More Than Just Martial Arts Our Classes Aim To Impact All Aspects Of Your Life, Giving You The Tools Face Any Challenge Head On

 #### Confidence & Self-Esteem There's nothing more important than being proud of ourselves and the things that we've accomplished. With our Martial Arts training, you can stay challenged week in and week out and enjoy the sense of accomplishment that comes with every new skill.

 #### Discipline & Self-Control At Steel City Martial Arts, nothing comes easy. Our classes require practice and commitment and attention to detail - all tools that will serve students in any aspect of life. With us, you'll learn to dedicate yourself to the process and reap the rewards that come with it.

 #### Perseverance & Determination From your first day with us, you'll learn to fail to find the strength to try it again. No student walks in and masters every move. High-quality martial arts training requires perseverance and the ability to bounce back from any obstacle life puts in your path.

 #### New Friends & Mentors It's said that we're nothing without the people that surround us, and at Steel City, we believe that to be true. We're committed to welcoming everyone from day one and supporting your journey no matter how long it takes. With us, you're never alone.

 Steel city is more than good martial arts......its good family ....

 An outstanding place and people! My son looks up to all the instructors especially his Sensei and his son Santino, great guys!

 A great place to train jiujitsu. Friendly and helpful athletes, nice space, and extremely clean. This school is for the all levels and abilities. Highly recommend.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
