---
source_url: https://monarchjiujitsuacademy.com
final_url: https://monarchjiujitsuacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:38.509Z
---

-
 - - Home - About InstructorsBlog - Programs Adult Jiu-JitsuKids Jiu-Jitsu - Schedule - Contact Us - Shop

 -
 - - Home - About InstructorsBlog - Programs Adult Jiu-JitsuKids Jiu-Jitsu - Schedule - Shop - Contact Us

 ## THE #1 JIU-JITSU ACADEMY IN MALVERNE, NY

 # MONARCH JIU-JITSU ACADEMY

 ## Join Malverne, NY's Most Respected BJJ Academy and Build Real Confidence On and Off the Mats

 ## Limited Time Offer: Claim Your FREE Intro Class and Discover Why Hundreds of People Trust Monarch Jiu-Jitsu to Transform Their Lives.

 TRY A FREE JIU-JITSU CLASS

 CLICK HERE TO BOOK

 ## Welcome to Monarch Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Serving Malverne and the surrounding Long Island area at Monarch Jiu Jitsu, our main goal is to create a space where people can use Martial Arts to develop the skills needed to defend themselves and perform at the highest level. ## Whether you are looking to learn self-defense or want to get into Jiu-Jitsu as a full time competitor, Monarch Jiu-Jitsu has what you need. We have elite level staff with a variety of skills and knowledge to help you reach your goals, create a healthy lifestyle, and learn how to defend yourself -- while having fun!

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## JIU-JITSU CLASSES ## 6 DAYS PER WEEK

 VIEW CLASS SCHEDULE

 ## ADULT JIU-JITSU

 ## Ready to push your limits, learn real-world self-defense, and join a community of driven adults? At Monarch Jiu-Jitsu, our Adult program is designed to help you build elite-level grappling skills—whether you’re a complete beginner or an experienced martial artist. Located in Malverne, NY, we offer world-class instruction in Gi & No-Gi Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, the modern, fast-paced form of Jiu Jitsu practiced by elite athletes and everyday adults alike. Our system focuses on technique, leverage, and body mechanics—not brute strength—making it ideal for men and women of all ages and fitness levels.
 You’ll train in a welcoming, ego-free environment led by experienced coaches who are passionate about your growth. Whether your goal is fitness, self-defense, competition, or stress relief, our classes offer a full-body workout, sharpen your mental focus, and give you the tools to defend yourself with confidence.
 If you’re searching for adult Jiu Jitsu in Malverne, there’s no better place to start. And with our free trial class, you’ve got nothing to lose and everything to gain.

 ## KIDS JIU-JITSU

 ## At Monarch Jiu-Jitsu in Malverne, NY, our Kids Jiu Jitsu program for ages 5-13 is designed to help your child thrive—on and off the mats. Whether your child is full of energy, needs a confidence boost, or simply wants a fun way to stay active, our beginner-friendly classes offer the perfect mix of physical fitness, mental focus, and real-world self-defense. Our expert coaches specialize in working with children, fostering a safe, supportive environment where students build coordination, discipline, and respect—all while learning the fundamentals of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ). Parents love that our program not only develops physical strength and agility, but also helps kids improve concentration, build resilience, and form lasting friendships.
 Located in Malverne, NY, our academy is the go-to choice for families seeking martial arts for kids near Long Island. Unlike traditional martial arts, Jiu Jitsu teaches kids how to stay calm under pressure and resolve conflicts without relying on striking—giving them lifelong tools for success.
 We know trying something new can feel like a big decision. That’s why we offer a 100% free, no-obligation trial class—so your child can experience the fun, confidence, and excitement of Jiu Jitsu firsthand.

 ## Monarch Jiu-Jitsu Programs Overview

 Our Jiu-Jitsu classes provide you with a comprehensive set of self-defense skills that are effective in real-world situations. Unlike many other martial arts, Jiu-Jitsu focuses on grappling and ground fighting. These are key in close-quarters confrontations, where striking may be less effective. You will learn to control someone using leverage, body positioning, and submissions.
 Training Jiu-Jitsu helps you develop situational awareness, problem-solving abilities, and the confidence to remain calm under pressure. These skills are key in any self-defense situation. They let you assess risks, make quick decisions, and respond well to protect yourself and others.

 TRY A FREE CLASS TODAY

 Click Here to Get Scheduled

 ## Real Student Testimonials

 #

 ## CARISSA F.

 "I am a beginner at jiu jitsu so I wasn't sure what to expect. The place is beautiful and so clean. As a woman, I felt totally comfortable at all times. My coach Nick was very professional and really knows his stuff. If you're looking for a new spot to train or just starting out, Monarch is the place!"

 ## BRANDON VENTURA

 "Monarch Jiu-Jitsu Academy is hands down the best martial arts academy in town! From the moment you walk in, you feel welcomed by a positive and professional environment. The instructors are not only highly skilled and knowledgeable but also incredibly patient and dedicated to helping every student grow. Whether you’re a beginner or advanced, they tailor their teaching to fit your level, making the learning experience both challenging and enjoyable."

 ## ARTI DATARAM

 "Monarch is honestly one of the best gyms I’ve been to. Jiu jitsu can be so intimidating, especially for women—but I felt so comfortable walking in with no experience. The environment is really positive and Nick, the owner, is a fantastic instructor. Soo happy I started my jiu jitsu here and would highly recommend!"

 PHONE

 516-588-7578

 ## Email

 [email protected]

 ADDRESS

 4 Francis Street, Malverne, NY 11565

 ## Copyright Monarch Jiu-Jitsu 2026. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
