---
source_url: https://www.impactself-defense.com/?utm_source=GMB&utm_medium=Organic&utm_campaign=GMB+Visit
final_url: https://www.impactself-defense.com/?utm_source=GMB&utm_medium=Organic&utm_campaign=GMB+Visit
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:09.964Z
---

## Impact Self-Defense Classes in Houston, TX

 ## We offer a free week for both kids and adults.10% off membership for 1st Responders.NO Contracts! Our Mission We not only empower our students through self-defense, so that they can grow to be the best version of themselves, but also Impact the community around us. | Our Goal Our goal is to educate our students about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with a focus on self-defense. While many academies focus on the sport aspect of BJJ, which emphasizes getting points, holding an opponent down, and winning a match, that is not our main goal. Even though we agree that the sport aspect is fun, it will not help you when there's an attacker 20+ lbs heavier than you on the streets. At Impact Self-Defense, our main objective is not to create World Jiu-Jitsu champions, but to make sure all of our students can properly defend themselves and their loved ones.

 ## The Impact Advantage The Impact Self-Defense advantage comes from having a head instructor with a well-rounded background in martial arts that includes thirteen years experience in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, as well as training in striking, fitness and fight conditioning. Some gyms have separate coaches who specialize in each aspect of the martial arts; at Impact Self-Defense, you will be led by the head instructor in all aspects of developing well-rounded fitness and self-defense skills – both stand up and on the ground. This allows for continuity from lesson to lesson, and a sense of coming home each time students step on the mat. Join the Impact Self-Defense family and we will assist you in reaching your goals in learning self-defense, achieving fitness goals, and challenging you both mentally and physically.
 | Want to try a free week? * Indicates required field Name * First Last Email * Phone Number * Comment * Submit

 ⭐ What People are saying about Impact ⭐
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
 if you are looking safe and positive environment to learn Self-defense/MMA/BJJ this is the place to be!
 -Garry H.

 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
 I can't recommend this gym enough. Men, women, and children can all benefit from Impact. Joining this jiu-jitsu family has been one of the best decisions I've made for my entire family.
 - Stephanie C.

 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
 We are so lucky to have our neighbor recommend my son to your Jiu Jitsu class! It’s so much fun and meet new friends there. My son thinks that Sensei Jesse had impacted his life by learning how to defend himself in a bad situation. Thanks Sensei Jesse! 👍
 -Winnie L.

 Read All Reviews on Google​
