---
source_url: https://bossierjiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bossierjiujitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:02.022Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Bossier City ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Louisiana Black Belt Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Learn From The Best And Master Every Aspect Of BJJ Today! Build your skills from the ground up and master one of the most effective real-world self-defense systems today! Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes at Louisiana Black Belt Academy, offer instruction derived from the teachings of Gracie Jiu Jitsu.
 We offer everyday men and women a great way to protect themselves in any situation with a focus on leverage and technique instead of strength and size. Get started today or learn more about everything we have to offer!
 #### Why Is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Right For You? Once thought of as a niche competition form, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is now accepted around the world as one of the best ways for everyday men and women to stay safe in the face of danger. Because a majority of real-world confrontations end up on the ground, BJJ teaches you how to maintain leverage and control over an opponent from any position.
 With us at Louisiana Black Belt Academy in Bossier City, you can build a foundation of skills or perfect the years worth of training that you've already put it. We are proud to work with both beginners and experienced fighters.
 From day one in our BJJ Classes, you'll learn:
 - Effective throws and takedowns - Ground control and leverage - The best chokes, locks, and holds - Submission strategies for any situation
 #### And Don't Forget, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Can Help You Get In Great Shape FAST! Did we mention that this is a total-body effort? Even though BJJ doesn't reward the biggest and strongest, it does push you to work your body like other training programs simply can't.
 Because everything we do requires repeated movement and total-body coordination, you'll work every muscle in your body and not even realize how hard you're training. Our team is committed to making every class beneficial, with no wasted movements or pointless exercises.
 At Louisiana Black Belt Academy, you can enjoy:
 - Sustainable fat burn and healthy weight loss - Total-body muscle toning - Incredible athletic ability and coordination - Unwavering self-confidence in every aspect of your life
 #### Change The Way You Train Today With Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes In Bossier City! If you're looking for a new way to train or you're hoping to master the art of real-world self-defense, we've got you covered at Louisiana Black Belt Academy.
 Take on a training system like never before and face life with confidence no matter what challenges are placed in your path.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more or to sign up today!

 ## Join Our Martial Arts Family! Request information

 Mike Braswell is by far the most down to earth teacher I've ever had, immediately makes you feel welcome and is patient with you despite whatever shortcomings you might think you have, Mike will make sure you overcome them. I'm insanely out of shape and overweight, but I am able to perform everything Mike has shown the class and the few finer points I'm unsure of, he will come over and personally show you. Best place to train if you're interested and there's absolutely no reason to think you won't feel welcome here whether you're athletic or overweight, it does not matter, to Mike you're always going to be treated like family.

 Love the people! Love the workouts! Each instructor have what they are passionate about and that’s what we do! Love that they work you from the inside out and teaches you focus.. especially what you eat, self defense, and that no one is perfect just show up .. it’s 45 minutes of workout you might not do some days!

 Team Hopkins is the place to be...I love the program as well as the staff...They are very loving, understanding, and care very much about you as well as others...They are always donating for very good causes...This is what I've been looking for for a very long time. With the price they offer and the activities you are getting a steal for your deal

 ### Request Information Now!

 ### Let us e-mail you this Free Report

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
