---
source_url: https://bossierjiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://bossierjiujitsu.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:02.501Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts Classes in Bossier City ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Louisiana Black Belt Academy. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Challenge Your Child With The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training Around In Our Kids Martial Arts Classes At Louisiana Black Belt Academy, we take pride in offering students of all ages the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction around. Unlike a lot of Kids Martial Arts programs, ours is based solely on BJJ as taught by Royce Gracie and the real-world skills it can offer our children.
 Our instructors are dedicated to meeting the needs of every child in class , regardless of their experience level or background. Give your child a boost today and join us in Bossier City!
 #### What Can You Expect From Our Kids Martial Arts Program? At Louisiana Black Belt Academy, we don't promote violence. We don't teach students how to fight.
 Instead, we use the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to keep students excited about physical activity and challenged week in and week out. BJJ is a discipline that takes strength and size out of the equation, relying on leverage and technique in its place.
 And in our Kids Martial Arts classes we aim to share those values while helping students develop a wide range of physical tools.
 When you join us in Bossier City, your child can learn:
 - Real-world self-defense skills - Total-body strength and coordination - Balance, speed, and agility - Confidence in everything they do
 #### PLUS, We're Committed To Building Well-Rounded Students That Are Prepared For Any Journey In Life Families flock to Kids Martial Arts programs because they instill lifelong values in young students. At Louisiana Black Belt Academy in Bossier City and Haughton, that's our goal every day.
 We know BJJ can be fun and exciting for kids to learn and develop, but our classes also offer an incredible mental growth that will set your child up for success in all aspects of life.
 With our Kids Martial Arts Classes, students quickly build:
 - Focus and attention to detail - Respect and communication skills - Perseverance and dedication - And an incredible sense of pride in themselves
 #### Don't Miss Out! We're Bringing You The Best Kids Martial Arts Classes In Bossier City! Our Kids Martial Arts program is successful because we care. We care about serving every student who comes through our doors, regardless of their skills and experience level.
 When you join us at Louisiana Black Belt Academy, you'll be welcomed like family and you'll have a front row seat to your child's mental, physical, and emotional development.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen today to get started!

 ## Join Our Martial Arts Family! Request information

 Mike Braswell is by far the most down to earth teacher I've ever had, immediately makes you feel welcome and is patient with you despite whatever shortcomings you might think you have, Mike will make sure you overcome them. I'm insanely out of shape and overweight, but I am able to perform everything Mike has shown the class and the few finer points I'm unsure of, he will come over and personally show you. Best place to train if you're interested and there's absolutely no reason to think you won't feel welcome here whether you're athletic or overweight, it does not matter, to Mike you're always going to be treated like family.

 Love the people! Love the workouts! Each instructor have what they are passionate about and that’s what we do! Love that they work you from the inside out and teaches you focus.. especially what you eat, self defense, and that no one is perfect just show up .. it’s 45 minutes of workout you might not do some days!

 Team Hopkins is the place to be...I love the program as well as the staff...They are very loving, understanding, and care very much about you as well as others...They are always donating for very good causes...This is what I've been looking for for a very long time. With the price they offer and the activities you are getting a steal for your deal

 ### Request Information Now!

 ### Let us e-mail you this Free Report

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
