---
source_url: http://www.ralphgraciebend.com/classes
final_url: https://www.ralphgraciebend.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:58.562Z
---

# Our Classes

 ## Class Schedule

 ## Adult Classes - Fundamentals and Advanced

 Our fundamentals and advanced classes are designed for beginners as well as experienced grapplers looking to further their training. We cover everything from basic positioning to transitions and submissions. Adult classes are for both men and women and include warm up, fundamentals and conditioning drills, then end with live sparring sessions. No one is ever required to spare (or “roll”) at any point with both safety and courtesy for each other being a main focus of every class. The first rule of every session is “protect your training partner”. This creates a sustainable training environment that minimizes injury and amplifies technique and application.

 ## Kids Classes

 Jiu Jitsu was developed as a self defense system first. The values and character that come with learning a martial art are important in creating an environment that will teach our young students the tools to safely protect themselves, respect, courtesy, and self confidence. Our desire is to challenge the mind and body to build perseverance and discipline the way only Jiu Jitsu is able to do. We are so grateful for the opportunity and responsibility to guide children along the martial arts path and it is something we take very seriously.

 ## Striking Classes

 Our striking classes are centered around MMA instruction for a well-rounded and dynamic training regimen. We cover boxing, Muay Thai, and Kick Boxing techniques for both the professional competitive environment and self defense.
