---
source_url: http://stockmartialarts.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://www.stockmartialarts.com/programs/kids-jiu-jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:03.265Z
---

## Kid's Jiu-Jitsu Program Welcome to the Kid's Jiu-Jitsu Program, where discipline, confidence, and fun come together! Our dynamic program is designed for children ages 7–12 and helps build self-defense skills, improve coordination, and enhance focus. Whether your child is just starting or has previous experience, the Kid's Jiu-Jitsu Program offers an engaging and supportive environment for all skill levels. Through this program, children will gain the benefits of physical fitness, discipline, and mental resilience.
 ### Empowerment and Growth for Kids Discover the advantages of the Kid's Jiu-Jitsu Program at Stock Martial Arts in Rochester, MN. This structured program combines Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu techniques with life skills training in 1-hour sessions, focusing on teamwork, respect, and perseverance. Kids will not only learn the art of self-defense but will also build character, all while having fun in a safe, inclusive space.
 Expect high-quality instruction, and a community that values the personal development of each child. Through consistent training, your child will develop both physically and mentally, with lasting benefits that extend beyond the mat.
 ### Join Us for the Kid's Jiu-Jitsu Program Don't miss the opportunity for your child to grow, learn, and thrive—enroll in Stock Martial Arts in Rochester, MN today! Our Kids Jiu-Jitsu Program is tailored to suit all fitness levels and goals, ensuring an enriching experience for every participant. Sign up now and watch your child gain confidence, improve fitness, and learn valuable skills through training.

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ### 1608 US-52, Rochester, MN 55901, USA

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Stock Martial Arts is located and easily accessible from all of Rochester.

 Rochester
