---
source_url: http://stockmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.stockmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:03.565Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Gym in Rochester, MN
 Join us to discover your inner self and unleash your full potential through expert coaching, and a supportive community!

 Learning a martial art can provide valuable self-defense skills that can be used in real-life situations.

 Mastering new skills and techniques can boost self-confidence both inside and outside the gym.

 Our gym foster a supportive community atmosphere where members encourage and motivate each other.

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Program that Works for You

 Start Your Martial Arts Journey Today

 Welcome to LITTLE LEGENDS, where young athletes begin their Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu journey in a fun, safe, and supportive environment. Our program builds confidence, discipline, coordination, and respect while teaching the fundamentals of grappling and self-defense. Whether your child is a beginner or has experience, they’ll develop skills, focus, fitness, and resilience—on and off the mats.Learn more about LITTLE LEGENDS
 Build confidence, focus, and self-defense skills in a fun, safe environment. Join our Kid’s Jiu-Jitsu Program at Stock Martial Arts in Rochester, MN!Learn More About Kids Jiu-Jitsu
 Stock Martial Arts offers a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) program that teaches ground fighting and self-defense techniques. Originating in Brazil, BJJ focuses on using leverage and technique to control opponents. Students learn grappling, submissions, and escapes in a friendly and supportive environment. This program is a great way to improve physical fitness, mental discipline, and confidence.Learn More About Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 The Kickboxing program at Stock Martial Arts in Rochester, MN is a fitness class that focuses on striking techniques derived from martial arts like Muay Thai and Boxing. It combines cardio and strength training with striking drills to improve overall fitness and self-defense skills. Participants learn proper form and technique under the guidance of experienced instructors in a supportive gym environment.Learn More About Kickboxing
 The Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) program at Stock Martial Arts, a martial arts gym, in Rochester, MN is a comprehensive training program that combines techniques from various martial arts disciplines. Students learn striking, grappling, and submission techniques to become well-rounded fighters. Classes focus on conditioning, technique drills, and sparring sessions to help students develop their skills and improve their overall fitness.Learn More About MMA

 1

 To begin your journey with us, simply sign up for our introductory classes online or visit our gym to meet our friendly staff. No prior experience is required; we welcome all skill levels and ages.

 2

 Once you've started, our instructors will work with you to establish personalized goals tailored to your aspirations and abilities. Whether it's mastering a specific technique, improving fitness levels, or competing, we'll create a roadmap to help you achieve success.

 3

 Picture yourself confidently executing techniques, achieving milestones, and surpassing your goals. With our supportive community and dedication to your progress, success in martial arts becomes not just a possibility, but a reality. Join us today and commit to becoming the best version of yourself both on and off the mats.

 No items found.

 Understanding your journey and aspirations is paramount to us. We strive to create a supportive environment where you feel understood, valued, and empowered to push your limits.

 With our dedicated coaches, we provide the knowledge and experience needed to excel in all aspects of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gym, from striking to grappling and beyond.

 We're more than just a gym; we're a tight-knit community united by a shared passion for martial arts and a commitment to personal growth. Together, we'll overcome challenges, celebrate victories, and evolve into the best versions of ourselves.

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ### 1608 US-52, Rochester, MN 55901, USA

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Stock Martial Arts is located and easily accessible from all of Rochester.

 Rochester

 Still curious? Talk to us!
 +1 507-512-7181 Contact Us

 How do I sign up for a free trial?

 Schedule your free trial with us by filling out the contact form with all of your details, and we will contact you to schedule your free trial.

 What Makes Stock Martial Arts Different From The Other Gyms Near Me?

 Our focus on personalized guidance, a supportive community, and a wide selection of martial arts programs sets us apart.

 What Should I Expect In A Class?

 Expect a blend of technical instruction, practical application, and conditioning tailored to your level.

 What Age Groups Do You Accommodate?

 We welcome members from all age groups, offering programs for youth, teens, and adults.

 What Are Your Operating Hours?

 We operate from 5pm to 9pm on weekdays and have flexible hours on weekends.

 Do I Need to Already Be Fit To Join?

 No, you don’t need to be fit to start. Our programs are designed for all levels, adapting to help you improve from wherever you're starting.

 How Many Days Per Week Should I Attend To See Results?

 Consistency is key. Attending classes 2-4 days per week is a good benchmark for seeing progress.

 Can I Try a Class Before I Join?

 Yes, we offer trial classes for you to experience our coaching and community firsthand.

 Is There Onsite Parking Available?

 Yes, ample parking is available at our location for your convenience.

 Are There Any Membership Packages?

 We offer a variety of membership options to fit different needs and goals. Contact us for more info.

 ## Don't settle for mediocrity. Unleash your inner self and conquer your fears.
