---
source_url: http://www.evolveacademy.com/
final_url: https://evolveacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:12:04.685Z
---

# Reach your full potential with Evolve Academy of Martial Arts! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training!
 GET STARTED TODAY

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE & ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
 EXCLUSIVE WEB SPECIAL
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Little Tigers(Ages 4-5) Kids Self Defense(Ages 7 – 12) Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) Personal Defense Systems (Muay Thai for the Street) No-Gi Submission Grappling -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Evolve Academy of Martial Arts to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## Select a Program

 Little Tigers(Ages 4-5)
 Does your child need a supportive, educational, and fun activity? Try our martial arts classes today!
 View Program

 Kids Self Defense(Ages 7 – 12)
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ)
 Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 View Program

 Personal Defense Systems (Muay Thai for the Street)
 Challenging and Fun, Muay Thai for the Street classes teach self-defense skills!
 View Program

 No-Gi Submission Grappling
 No-Gi Submission Grappling is a wrestling-style martial art focused on control positions and submission holds.
 View Program

 WHY CHOOSE US?
 ## BENEFITS OF Evolve Academy of Martial Arts
 Goals
 Your goals are our priority. We tailor our programs to help you or your child achieve those. Whether it’s confidence & focus or fitness & weight loss, we’re here to help.

 Community
 Our unique community is what makes your time with us so special. Join a community of positive, fun, and caring individuals all working towards a similar goal.

 INSTRUCTION
 Our professional instructors are at your finger tips! Making sure that all classes are unique, fun, and safe is our instructors’ priority.

 BUILD CHARACTER AND LEADERSHIP QUALITIES
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the academy and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Adult and Children Weekly Schedule
 ## EVOLVE Academy Training Schedule We take pride in offering self-defense training to both adults and children! There are no short cuts while training with us…. We ensure that you build a foundation and strong understanding of the basics, before we build off of that understanding. A solid base = true self-defense and successful competitors. Just ask our students!
 Find Out More About Our Programs!

 Brian Pickering Best place ever!! What a great environment for the kiddos to gain respect, confidence, and to be assertive! Master Mike and staff are the best in the business! If you don’t know, you don’t know! Check it!!

 James Ridgeway Absolute best training in the area! Master Moses is an incredible teacher and a great friend.

 Kristen Clarke Evolve is a great place with the best instructors, excellent facility, terrific programs, and all around great feel! My daughter is the kids Gracie Jiujitsu program. She absolutely loves it! It has been essential to her self confidence and self-defense. What I really love about her class is that the instructors teach respect but still make it fun. Evolve is a true family, I love it! We will never leave!

 Omar Elrahimy A Highly Recommended school for all ages. My kids started there when they were 4 & 5 years old. I was shocked by how much it helped them boost their self confidence, manners, and communication skills. Take your kids or yourself there. Outstanding team.

 Paul Cleveland I love this place. It is like family and the instruction is first rate.

 Raymond Bangit Great place to train and the environment is awesome.

 Sophia Nicole Very welcoming, with just the perfect touch of sweat and camaraderie. Thanks! I'll be back when in town again.

 Virgil Ocampo One of my most favorite places. If you come visit and feel the positive vibes, it will be one of yours too

 GET FIT WHILE LEARNING MARTIAL ARTS
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 VIEW OUR ADULT JIU JITSU PROGRAM

 A HUGE THANK YOU
 ## TO OUR SPONSORS!
 Birch Realty Maryland

 MARYLAND SOCIAL SPORTS

 HURTARTE STUDIOS

 GoPro Construction

 Royal Oaks Flooring

 Perfect Glassworks

 Dross Berman, LLC

 Total Mortgage w/ Justin Compton

 BAR T

 Dr. Kaur's Acupuncture

 Mindset Wellness Therapy

 What's Up Promotions

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## RECENT BLOG POSTS
 The Meditational Benefits of BJJ
 You might be surprised to learn that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) can be meditative in many ways. By definition alone, it seems farfetched to think that Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu can provide some of the same benefits that come from “formal” meditation, but it’s entirely possible that the many thousands of students who are practicing BJJ often are […]
 READ MORE »

 Tips on How to Recover Faster in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 How To Recover Faster in BJJ 1. Stay Hydrated Even a mild loss of water can make your heart work harder and decrease your endurance. Make sure you : * Start your morning with at least 2 full glasses of water. * Have 1-2 glasses of water 20minutes prior to grappling or working out * […]
 READ MORE »

 8 Ways To Avoid Injuries When Training Jiu Jitsu
 Injuries are always going to happen if you train in Jiu-Jitsu. It’s part of the journey. How does BJJ stack up with other martial arts in terms of rate of injury? It has often been said that you are typically less prone to serious injuries when training and competing in BJJ than in other more […]
 READ MORE »
