---
source_url: http://www.industrialstrengthgym.com
final_url: https://industrialstrengthgym.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:13:40.467Z
---

## Portland's Premier Destination for Strength Training & Jiu Jitsu

 # Portland's Premier Destination for Strength Training & Jiu Jitsu

 # Strength Training for Ages 35+ and Beginner Friendly Jiu Jitsu in Portland

 ## welcome to Industrial Strength

 Get Started

 ## View Our Programs Below!

 strength training

 jiu jitsu

 ## ARE YOU TIRED OF:

 ### Boring Workouts Alone? Industrial Strength in Portland is a different kind of gym. We're a community united by a common goal: to become the best version of ourselves. We welcome all level of fitness and jiu jitsu experience!

 ### Feeling Lost In The Gym? Industrial Strength is a fun place to train, and you don’t need to be an athlete to be able to participate! Our coaches will lead you, provide guidance, and modify your daily workouts so they’re suitable for you!

 ### Not Having A solid Game Plan? Finally make time for yourself and get more done in less time. Through experienced coaching, the right people, and a game plan for success, we focus on getting you the results you want.

 ## Then We Are Ready...

 ## To Guide You On Your Journey!

 GET STARTED

 ### Small Group PERSONAL TRAINING

 Build muscle, get stronger, and increase bone density with expert coaching and personalized programming. Our coaches meet you exactly where you are — whether it’s your first day in the gym or you’re ready to level up. You’ll learn proper lifting technique and follow a structured program designed specifically for you, so you can train with confidence and see real results.

 ### STRENGTH & CONDITIONING

 Move better, build strength, and improve your overall fitness in these high-energy classes. Each session blends mobility, strength training, agility, balance, and cardiovascular conditioning to help you feel stronger, more capable, and more resilient. Designed for all experience levels

 ### 1-on-1 Personal Training

 Whether you’re new to strength training or returning after time away, our 1-on-1 personal training offers fully individualized coaching. Every session is tailored to your goals, experience, and current capacity, with a focus on precise technique and sustainable progress.
 Use the “Get Started” button to schedule an initial consultation and map out your plan.

 ### GI JIU JITSU

 Jiu Jitsu (also known as Brazilian Jiu Jitsu or BJJ) is a martial art and self-defense system that focuses on grappling. It is widely regarded as the world’s most effective grappling style and is the fastest growing martial art in the world. We pride ourselves on making jiu jitsu safe, fun, and accessible to all levels – especially beginners.
 The head instructor of the program is Tony Gracia who is a 3rd degree black belt in jiu jitsu as well as a black belt in judo.

 ### No GI JIU JITSU

 Our classes focus on fundamental techniques and movements that are ideal for building your BJJ foundation. Our structured curriculum focuses on a particular position or scenario for one calendar month, and rotates monthly to ensure you get to learn all the major positions and foundational Jiu Jitsu techniques from them.

 ### YOUTH JIU JITSU

 Jiu Jitsu is a great way for kids to get exercise, make friends, learn self-defense, and develop values such as respect, discipline, and hard work. The program is available to ages 6+ and meets on Tue+Thu afternoons.

 ### WEIGHTLIFTING TEAM

 The Industrial Strength weightlifting program consists of recreational and competitive lifters. Most of our team compete at both local Oregon LWC and national USAW meets. The head coach of the team is Mira Gracia, who is a USAW Level 2 Advanced coach of 10 years and has earned gold medals at Masters World, Masters Nationals and Masters American Open Championships.

 ## WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING

 ## REAL MEMBER REVIEWS

 Elizabeth Pinca ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 We're a few weeks into our Youth Jiu Jitsu classes and have had a truly welcoming and wonderful experience. Tony and the Industrial Staff have created a great environment for training at any age. Our family just registered for their Strength 101 and are looking forward to this experience with Industrial Strength.

 Carol Coye Benson ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 I started at IS gym two years ago, at age 71, with no strength or history in strength training whatsoever. After two years of twice-weekly personal training sessions I feel strong and healthy for the first time in my life! I’ve made steady progress and have never been injured in any way. The gym and staff are friendly and always professional. The atmosphere is quiet and parking is easy. Not your average gym - I strongly recommend it.

 Ali Kaufman ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 My husband and I have been doing strength training here for about a year and a half and it's been amazing. We've been working with Adam and he's just a gem. Our workouts are tailored to our goals and strength levels and we've both seen great improvements. The space is nice and clean, and there's great energy. It definitely feels like a community, you always feel welcome and included. Definitely check out this great local spot to get on those strength and fitness goals!

 Chao Yu ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 Great BJJ learning environment for adults and kids alike. Coaches are kind and patient with the students, and also skillfully keep them on track in class. That goes for the kids class too lol! All round good vibes, and the facilities are clean and inviting.

 Kanna Hudson ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 This gym has improved my life in many ways- joining was honestly one of my best decisions ever. I’m a 40-year-old mom of a young child. I was pretty out of shape when I joined, but since going 3x per week for 10 months now, my physical and mental health have improved in a major way, and it’s really fun, too. It’s very rewarding to use heavier weights over time- and my improved strength is definitely noticeable with everyday tasks like carrying my kid around. I plan to keep going for years to come.

 ## Join The Best gym near me in Portland!

 GET STARTED

 ## Are You Ready To Level Up?

 ## Getting Started Is Easy!

 STEP 1

 ### SCHEDULE YOUR FIRST VISIT Talk with a coach about your goals and meet our trainers, tour the gym, and learn more about our programs.

 STEP 2

 ### START YOUR TRAINING We will start you strong by taking you through the fundamentals of training and sound habits, putting you on the road to success!

 STEP 3

 ### HAVE FUN REACHING NEW LEVELS Book classes easily on our app, improve your fitness, enjoy the workouts & jiu jitsu classes with awesome people, and reach your goals in no time!

 ## this is your call to action...

 ## start Your Journey today!

 GET STARTED

 ## Got Questions? We've Got Answers Right Here!

 How Do I Join and Get Started?
 Super simple! Just click get started anywhere here on the page to book your free phone consultation.
 We will chat about your current situation, your desired situation to see if we can help and if we are good fit for each other. Sign up today!

 Do You Provide Guidance on Nutrition & Recovery?
 Yes! We provide guidance on eating right or sleeping well which can help maximize energy levels – getting YOU maximum results from your efforts. Sign up today!

 Do I Need to Already Be Fit To Join?
 Nope! We have people of all background start with us. Some have never been in a gym before and others have years of experience. Some have never trained jiu jitsu and others are already a black belt! We will meet you where you are and provide you the guidance you need to take on bigger challenges. Sign up today!

 What Makes Industrial Strength Different From The Other Gyms Near Me?
 We are locally owned and purpose built to make an impact on the health and happiness in Portland and the surrounding area. You’re not just a number here, everyone knows your name. We’re a community of like-minded people that wants you to show up and supports each other on this journey to live better lives – with no judgement or criticism along the way. Sign up today!

 How Many Days Per Week Should I Attend To See Results?
 When you start at Industrial Strength, your fitness level will improve quickly, usually in the first 30 days.
 The key to see results is consistency and commitment over time so that’s why we recommend 3 sessions per week as a start.
 You’ll be sore some days, so allow yourself recovery days between training sessions at first – over the course of the following months work up towards 5 days per week if you want to maximize! Sign up today!

 What should I expect in strength training?
 We offer exciting programming that becomes progressively more difficult as your level increases. Our specialty is helping you build muscle and get stronger, and our programs are designed to help you do that in ways that are fun and proven to be effective.

 What should I expect in a jiu jitsu class?
 Our jiu jitsu classes are appropriate for all levels. Class will begin with a simple warm up including stretches and specific BJJ movements. Then you will learn a certain technique of the day and practice it with a training partner. People who want to do matches have an opportunity to do that at the end of class – but no pressure to do so when you are new!

 What ages can do youth jiu jitsu?
 Our youth BJJ program is available to ages six (6) and above. Classes are currently 4:00-5:00 Tue+Thu. We also have an adult strength training class at the same times, so parents can get in their own workout while the kids are in jiu jitsu!

 GET STARTED
