---
source_url: https://bomjitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bomjitsu.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:33.077Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Castle Rock ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Bom Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training in Castle Rock! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is more than just a martial art. It's also a self-defense system, a sport, and an excellent way to create better fitness! At Bom Jitsu, we offer authentic Jiu-Jitsu classes that focus on technique, real-world self-defense, on getting a great workout, and on building a sense of community -- a place where people from across Castle Rock can come together and train with confidence. You'll also get incredible functional fitness training in our small group classes that will be tailored to your needs.
 To learn more about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, just fill out the short form below!
 Get more information now!

 #### Why Choose Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? From establishing a new sense of self-confidence to experiencing reduced stress and heightened focus in your everyday life, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has real-world benefits.
 Our team at Bom Jitsu is committed to helping ordinary men and women from Castle Rock take advantage of high-quality martial arts training. No matter your age, experience, or fitness level, we'll help you learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, supportive environment. Through our Jiu-Jitsu classes, you'll have fun, get six pack abs, and meet new friends and mentors from all over our community!
 ##### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes offer: - A fun, healthy way to get fit - Real-world self-defense skills - Improved focus and reduced stress - A great sense of community
 When you train with us at Bom Jitsu, you'll get the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in the Castle Rock area, and the results will speak for themselves. Weight loss , muscle gain , greater productivity at work ... these are just a few of the incredible benefits of Jiu-Jitsu training!
 #### Enroll at Bom Jitsu Today! Experience the grace, power, and life-changing potential of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu system by signing up for our martial arts classes. You'll be welcomed by the awesome community we've worked so hard to cultivate here at Bom Jitsu, and it's easier than ever to get started. Join us in Castle Rock and get ready to roll!
 Just fill out the short form below to get started with our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes!
 Get more information now!

 My kids and myself have been training at this awesome facility and love it!! No matter if you are a beginner or advanced, Mike and Gigi work with you to achieve the best techniques. Fun family style atmosphere, yet challenging and strengthening to your core. Highly recommend.

 I started training in February with this group of amazing men and women. It’s been a place where I have learned , grown and felt like family.
 The knowledge and communication of professor Gui Gui has been instrumental in where I am at today in my practice . My children now train and we all LOVE coming. The professor does amazing with the children and has a gift working with children of all ages and levels .
 I love how the amount of women now training has grown since I started. It’s so empowering to have these principles and training.

 I've trained with both Mike and GuiGui for the last 6 months. Their gym is very welcoming and the training is great. GuiGui brings an energy that keeps classes fun and pushes you to continually improve. I highly recommend BomJitsu.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
