---
source_url: https://bomjitsu.com/classes/Intermediate-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bomjitsu.com/classes/Intermediate-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:33.269Z
---

# Intermediate Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Castle Rock ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Bom Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## For The Real World Or Competition Setting, Our Intermediate Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Have It All Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is a dynamic ground-based self-defense discipline that is perfect for both the competition and real-world settings. And at Bom Jitsu, we're excited to offer hands-on instruction in the sport for men and women all across our community. We're helping Castle Rock stay safe in any situation and enjoy a great workout in the process.
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!
 ## Why Is Jiu-Jitsu Right For You?
 This system is all about maintaining leverage and control over an opponent. It teaches you that size and strength matter less than superior technique - and that's exactly what we're offering.
 Did you know that a majority of real-world fights end up on the ground in just a matter of seconds?
 We're helping you stay safe and defend yourself no matter what situation you get caught in.
 Our Jiu-jitsu classes offer Castle Rock, Franktown, and beyond the chance to establish effective takedowns , maintain control from any situation , and secure a successful submission in no time.
 At Bom Jitsu, you can enjoy:
 - Hands-on instruction from dedicated professionals - A safe, supportive environment - Scalable classes to meet the needs of any skill level - A proven system of success that builds you up one step at a time
 #### And Did We Mention The Total-Body Workout? That's right. Jiu-jitsu training can keep your body challenged like never before.
 Each and every class is a total-body workout. And guess what? No two classes are the same.
 We'll help you combine the best aspects of strength training , total-body athleticism , and dynamic agility into one cohesive workout that will leave you looking and feeling better than ever before.
 We're helping Castle Rock:
 - Develop functional strength across your entire body - Improve your speed, mobility, and agility - Enjoy healthy, sustainable weight loss - Build self-confidence in all aspects of your life
 #### Try Out The Best Jiu-jitsu Training In Castle Rock Today! Don't miss out on your chance to see everything we have to offer here at Bom Jitsu. We are helping men and women all across the community thrive - and you could be next.
 Join us today for Castle Rock's best Jiu-jitsu training. Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 My kids and myself have been training at this awesome facility and love it!! No matter if you are a beginner or advanced, Mike and Gigi work with you to achieve the best techniques. Fun family style atmosphere, yet challenging and strengthening to your core. Highly recommend.

 I started training in February with this group of amazing men and women. It’s been a place where I have learned , grown and felt like family.
 The knowledge and communication of professor Gui Gui has been instrumental in where I am at today in my practice . My children now train and we all LOVE coming. The professor does amazing with the children and has a gift working with children of all ages and levels .
 I love how the amount of women now training has grown since I started. It’s so empowering to have these principles and training.

 I've trained with both Mike and GuiGui for the last 6 months. Their gym is very welcoming and the training is great. GuiGui brings an energy that keeps classes fun and pushes you to continually improve. I highly recommend BomJitsu.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
