---
source_url: https://bomjitsu.com/classes/Beginners-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://bomjitsu.com/classes/Beginners-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:33.481Z
---

# Introductory Jiu Jitsu Classes in Castle Rock ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Bom Jitsu. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Don't Let Anything Stop You From Learning Jiu Jitsu! Are you looking to get involved in Jiu-Jitsu but don't know where to start? Welcome to our Jiu-Jitsu Introductory Class - At Bom Jitsu, the perfect starting point for those new to the world of Jiu-Jitsu! Our 7-day program is designed to provide a comprehensive experience to anyone who has just started their Jiu-Jitsu journey. Join us in Castle Rock today to get started on your journey.
 Fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 #### Master With The Techniques You Need To Succeed At Bom Jitsu, we believe that every student is unique, and that's why we ask all beginners to schedule an introductory class with our coach. This class will last 30 minutes and is essential for anyone without prior Jiu-Jitsu experience. Here, you will learn our warm-up routine and some basic positions to get you started on your journey.
 You'll also get to enjoy these great benefits:
 - Toning your muscles across the whole body - Getting to practice with other people at your similar skill level - In-depth instruction by experts - Fundamental techniques of Jiu-Jitsu that can help you get better in each class
 #### Start Your Training Off Right With Introductory Jiu-Jitsu Classes At Bom Jitsu in Castle Rock, our mission is to help anyone and everyone master the art of Jiu-Jitsu. To do that, we know that starting out with the correct form and foundational skills makes learning the more complex details easier! We welcome people of all skill levels from around all of Castle Rock to come to learn how great Jiu-Jitsu is with our team!
 Just fill out the short form on your screen to learn more today!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 My kids and myself have been training at this awesome facility and love it!! No matter if you are a beginner or advanced, Mike and Gigi work with you to achieve the best techniques. Fun family style atmosphere, yet challenging and strengthening to your core. Highly recommend.

 I started training in February with this group of amazing men and women. It’s been a place where I have learned , grown and felt like family.
 The knowledge and communication of professor Gui Gui has been instrumental in where I am at today in my practice . My children now train and we all LOVE coming. The professor does amazing with the children and has a gift working with children of all ages and levels .
 I love how the amount of women now training has grown since I started. It’s so empowering to have these principles and training.

 I've trained with both Mike and GuiGui for the last 6 months. Their gym is very welcoming and the training is great. GuiGui brings an energy that keeps classes fun and pushes you to continually improve. I highly recommend BomJitsu.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
