---
source_url: http://10thplanetventura.com
final_url: https://10thplanetventura.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:02.228Z
---

-
 - - Home - PROGRAMS ADULT JIU JITSUKIDS JIU JITSU - FAQ - BLOGS - INSTRUCTORS - SCHEDULE - Contact - STORE - Members Only

 # 10TH PLANET JIU JITSU VENTURA

 ## THE #1 JIU JITSU ACADEMY IN Ventura, CAlifornia

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## Join the 10th Planet Ventura Family Today!

 10th Planet Ventura is headed by two black belts who have both trained for more than a decade directly under Eddie Bravo, one of the most influential personalities in contemporary jiu-jitsu.
 10th Planet Jiu-jitsu is a living system of jiu-jitsu developed by Eddie Bravo that continues to evolve as new methods are introduced and old techniques continue to be refined. The result is a body of moves that have been proven to work on the mats, in the streets, and even in the Octagon. 10th Planet is a no-gi only system that utilizes clinches to hold opponents close while moving into various submissions. There are four core elements to the 10th Planet system: The Lockdown (a variation of half-guard), The Truck (an alternate form of back control), Rubber Guard, and Leg Locks.
 If you're ready to get involved in this truly exciting form of Jiu Jitsu, just fill out the short form on your screen to get in touch!

 ## OUR PROGRAMS

 ## ADULT JIU JITSU

 Take on the best ground fighting system in town with our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes in Ventura. This No-Gi program is perfect for adults of all skill levels, helping you master every technique and get in great shape fast!

 LEARN MORE

 ## KIDS JIU JITSU

 Our team at 10th Planet Ventura is proud to bring high-quality Kids Jiu Jitsu training to Ventura. Our classes teach the fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu while also instilling strong core values, leadership skills, and giving kids from across our community the chance to connect with new friends and mentors.

 LEARN MORE

 Enable sound

 ## OUR LOCATION

 10th Planet Ventura
 1540 E Main St, Ventura, California 93001

 ## REVIEWS

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Amazing place to train, coaches know their craft very well! Great environment where everyone wants to help everyone! Also have to love yoga for psychos
 Read more
 FREDDIE E

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I had no experience with any martial arts before joining but I'm totally hooked now. Scott and Matt make it really fun to train here. It's such a welcoming environment overall....
 Read more
 GUSTAVO SAMPERIO

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Scott is an excellent and rounded instructor. His attention to detail and generous commitment to success would make any student lucky to train under him....
 Read more
 NATHAN WALLNER

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Scott Ross and Matt Dempsey were my first Jiu Jitsu coaches. I had no previous experience in Jiu Jitsu or any martial arts whatsoever. I am so glad that I started with these two, and cannot imagine a ...
 Read more
 DANNY EXCESS

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 I have been training here close to two months and gotta say I love it! I learn something new every day. Great trainers in Scott Ross & Matt Dempsey. Martial arts gyms can be intimidating in genera...
 Read more
 EVAN LOPEZ

 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
 Scott and Matt are two amazing instructors and amazing people. They are both true 10th Planet OG's who have been training with Eddie Bravo since there was only one 10th Planet. Scotts leg lock game is...
 Read more
 CONOR HEUN

 BOOK YOUR FREE CLASS

 ## COMPANY

 HOME
 PROGRAMS
 INSTRUCTORS
 SCHEDULE
 BLOGS

 ## SUPPORT

 CONTACT US
 SUPPORT

 ## LEGAL

 TERMS & CONDITIONS
 PRIVACY POLICY

 ###### 1540 E Main St, Ventura, CA 93001

 ## ☎️ (805) 804-2054
