---
source_url: https://advancedbjjnj.com
final_url: https://advancedbjjnj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:24.034Z
---

## ONE FREE WEEK OF CLASSES!

 ## ADVANCED MARTIAL ARTS In New Jersey

 Call To Register (908) 670-8242

 ## What Will You Learn?

 ## Our Programs & Classes

 ### BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was developed decades ago by the Gracie family. Known for its devastating ground techniques, the art enables a smaller person to defeat a larger and naturally more powerful opponent. Balance, leverage, technique, timing and thinking play a vital role in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We train every aspect of grappling, from takedowns, to mat control, to submissions, escapes, sweeps and overall conditioning. Types of submissions are joint locks, compression locks, and chokes. We always use the traditional Gi in our training, but we also offer No-Gi grappling as well.

 ### MUAY THAI

 Muay Thai is known as the “Science of Eight Limbs”. The fighter’s hands, shins, elbows, and knees are all used extensively in this art. A master practioner of Muay Thai will have the ability to execute strikes using “eight points of contact” as opposed to “two points” (only fists) which is used in western boxing or “four points” (fists and feet) which is used in primarily sport-oriented forms of martial arts. Our program covers every aspect of Muay Thai kickboxing and we do not discriminate against using any limb, surface, or form of strike. Extensive padwork between partners, as well as sparring, form the basis of our training. Safety, as always, is valued above all in our practices!

 ### MMA

 Mixed Martial Arts is the hybrid of both striking and grappling techniques, both standing and on the ground. MMA was popularized by the Gracie family in 1993 with the founding of the Ultimate Fighting Championships (UFC). Common disciplines used in MMA are Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Wrestling, Muay Thai, and Boxing. At Advanced Martial Arts we offer classes that focus on specifc disciplines used in MMA and we also offer MMA classes which combine stand-up striking to takedowns to ground fighting. Sparring is also available, but only through invitation. Fighters from Advanced Martial Arts have competed in local promotions, Strikeforce, and the UFC.

 ### WRESTLING

 Where Wrestling ends Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Begins. Wrestling is a grappling combat sport which focuses on taking the opponent to the ground while gaining and maintaining a dominant position. Techniques in wrestling range from clinch fighting, throws, takedowns, joint locks, pins and other grappling holds. At Advanced Martial Arts, we incorporate wrestling takedowns and defense in our MMA and No-Gi Grappling classes.

 ### CHILDRENS CLASSES

 At Advanced Martial Arts our kids program has a focus on Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes allow all the children to participate no matter what level they may be. Kids will gain confidence in their skills as they develop at their own pace. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu has not only a phyiscal influence on children, but also a mental one. BJJ forces children to think clearly in pressure situations. This reflects in their life with mrpoved confidence, social skills, and physical conidtioning. Most of all the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches children that persistance ist he key to reaching all their goals in life. Even though Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is our main focus we also offer Kick Boxing and Wrestling during our Kids No-Gi classes.

 ### STRENGTH & CONDITIONING

 All athletes need the same thing, to be quick, strong, flexible, and have great cardiovascular conditioning. Advanced Martial Arts offers age appropriate, safe, and effective Strength & Conditioning programs for all types of athletes of all ages. We offer one on one, small group, and team Strength and Conditioning programs. All training is supervised by owner & head instructor of Advanced, Brian Katz. Coach Brian has over 15 years of experience in Strength & Conditioning and has trained athletes from the NFL, UFC, as well as law enforcement.
