---
source_url: https://www.modernwarriormma.com
final_url: https://www.modernwarriormma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:11.023Z
---

Home: Welcome
 ###### ONE FAMILY.

 ###### ONE TEAM. ​ ​

 Home: Services
 ###### What We Offer
 ## Jiu-Jitsu Gi:
 Our Gi program covers all aspects of BJJ from standup to leg attacks, while wearing the traditional Jiu-Jitsu Garment, the Gi. We show all submissions, defenses, and transitions as we would in No-Gi, but introduce the benefits and proper technique to account for the Gi

 ​
 ------------------------------------
 Schedule:
 Monday (6:15am-7:15am)
 Monday (6:15pm-7:15pm) (Kids only)
 Wednesday (6:15am-7:15am)
 Saturday (1pm-2pm)

 ## Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi:
 Our No-Gi Jiu Jitsu program is a combat and self-defense system of grappling and ground fighting. Class includes instruction time and open mat time to ensure plenty of grappling practice. Our grappling system has a focus towards top pressure and versatility of attacks

 ​
 ------------------------------------
 Schedule:
 Tuesday (8:15pm-9:15pm)
 Wednesday (8:15pm-8:15pm)
 Thursday (7:15pm-8:15pm)
 Sunday (2:00pm-3:00pm) (Open Mat)

 ## Mixed Martial Arts
 Our Mixed Martial Arts program incorporates a wide variety of fighting techniques and skillsets, including: BJJ, Boxing, Muay Thai, and Wrestling. Students will learn to be offensive and defensive in all positions in the cage. We have our own in house cage to have you get the true MMA experience.
 -----------------------------------------
 Monday (7:15pm-8:15pm)
 Saturday (11:00am-1:00pm)
 Sunday (3:00pm-4:00pm) (Open Mat)
 ​
 *We are a MMA gym, and all of our classes incorporate that in some way

 About the Gym
 ###### Becoming a Modern Warrior
 At Modern Warrior MMA you will get a high level of training that can meet any of your needs. Be it general health & fitness, weight loss, self defense, or competition; We strive to create the best training environment for all of your goals and needs. We are proud to say that we consists of a multitude of professional fighters, several prominent amateur fighters, kickboxers, competetive grapplers, or people looking to maintain their mental & physical fitness. The only requirement is that you bring your best self and encourage those around you!
