---
source_url: https://gbcitrusparktampa.com
final_url: https://gbcitrusparktampa.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:54.036Z
---

GRACIE BARRA CITRUS PARK TAMPA Become part of our Gracie Barra Community!

 GRACIEBARRA CITRUS PARK TAMPA Become part of our Gracie Barra Community!

 ## SCHEDULE YOUR FREE CLASS TODAY!

 ## Practice Jiu-Jitsu at Gracie Barra Tampa, register in the form, and welcome to the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu class. No matter your age or skill level. Experience the profound mental and physical benefits of authentic Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We provide the structured pathway to success, regardless of your background. It’s time to stop thinking about your potential and start realizing it. We are here to guide your progress, break down barriers, and help you achieve your black belt goals, one class at a time. Your journey to mastery starts with a click. Secure your free trial class by filling out the form.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT PROGRAMS

 ## WELCOME TO GRACIE BARRA TAMPA

 We offer a wide range of adult Jiu-Jitsu classes in Citrus Park Tampa, so students can choose the class that best suits their needs. Specifically, we have three tiers of classes that address varying degrees of skill and knowledge.
 Additionally, Jiu-Jitsu classes for children begin with the building blocks needed to teach the fundamentals of Jiu-Jitsu. Furthermore, we have developed a curriculum that is structured in a way that shows children and teens the value of routine, cooperation, and self-awareness.

 Schools around the world​
 + 0

 Since
 0

 Presence in continents
 + 0

 Years of history
 + 0

 BOOK NOW!

 ## PROGRAMS AT GB TAMPA

 ## JIU-JITSU IS FOR EVERYONE

 ## ALL LEVELS

 GO TO GB1

 ## ADULT

 GO TO GB2

 ## ADVANCED

 GO TO GB3

 ## FOR KIDS

 GO TO GBK

 ## PRIVATE LESSONS/ PURPLE, BROWN AND BLACK

 GO TO PRIVATE LESSONS

 BOOK NOW!

 Read More

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Near Me
 ### Why Tampa Parents Choose GB Citrus Park Kids Jiu-Jitsu Why Tampa Parents are Choosing GB Citrus Park for Kids Jiu-JitsuChoosing the right extracurricular activity for a child is a major decision for families in Florida. Many parents today look

 23 de April de 2026

 Read More

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Near Me
 ### Camila Almeida Wins Pan Jiu-Jitsu | Citrus Park Tampa The Path to Gold: Camila Almeida Dominates Pan Jiu-Jitsu 2025 in Citrus Park TampaThe world of competitive grappling recently witnessed a performance that will be remembered for years. Camila Almeida,

 13 de April de 2026

 Read More

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Near Me Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu near me No-Gi Self-Defense Classes Near Me
 ### Improve Health and Fitness with BJJ at Citrus Park Tampa Improve Your Health and Fitness with Jiu-Jitsu at Gracie Barra Citrus Park TampaMaintaining a healthy lifestyle is a primary goal for many residents in Florida today. However, traditional exercise routines

 9 de April de 2026

 Read More

 Blog Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Near Me Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu near me No-Gi
 ### Discover the Benefits of BJJ at Gracie Barra Citrus Park Tampa Discover the Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Gracie Barra Citrus Park TampaMany people today search for a lifestyle change that offers more than just physical exercise. They want a discipline

 6 de April de 2026

 Read More

 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Classes Near Me Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Jiu Jitsu Kids Jiu Jitsu near me No-Gi Self-Defense Classes Near Me
 ### Learn BJJ in Citrus Park Tampa – Fitness & Self-Defense Learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Gracie Barra Citrus Park Tampa for Fitness, Confidence, and Self-DefenseThe modern lifestyle in Florida presents many unique challenges for health and safety. Many residents today seek

 31 de March de 2026

 ### Why Tampa Parents Choose GB Citrus Park Kids Jiu-Jitsu Seo

 ### Camila Almeida Wins Pan Jiu-Jitsu | Citrus Park Tampa Seo

 ### Improve Health and Fitness with BJJ at Citrus Park Tampa Seo

 ### Discover the Benefits of BJJ at Gracie Barra Citrus Park Tampa Seo

 ### Learn BJJ in Citrus Park Tampa – Fitness & Self-Defense Seo

 ## SCHEDULE AT GB TAMPA

 Our schedule grid ensures that you will find the class and time that best suits you and your routine.

 BOOK NOW!

 BOOK NOW!

 ## CARLOS GRACIE JR

 Carlos Gracie Jr. was born on January 17, 1956, and grew up under the strong influence of his family of fighters. In sync with the life philosophy and teachings of his father, Carlos Gracie Sr., Carlinhos – as he is called by friends and relatives – observed and learned from some of the most influential figures in the Gracie family of all time: Carlos Gracie, Helio Gracie, and his brother Rolls Gracie

 Years of History
 + 0

 continents
 + 0

 Schools Around the World
 + 0

 Students Worldwide
 + 0

 ## IVAN ROCHA

 Born on January 17, 1983, in Belo Horizonte, MG, Ivan Rocha is a renowned 3rd-degree black belt with 24 years of practice in Jiu-Jitsu. Ivan is married to Camila, and together they have a son, Gregor, who is 13 years old and already following in his father’s footsteps in Jiu-Jitsu as a yellow belt. Additionally, the family shares a passion for the sport and the lifestyle that Jiu-Jitsu provides, dedicating themselves to the practice and teaching of this martial art. Moreover, Ivan’s career is marked not only by personal achievements but also by the significant impact he has had on the development of Jiu-Jitsu internationally. Consequently, his influence extends far beyond his own practice, contributing to the global growth and recognition of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Furthermore, his dedication and expertise continue to inspire and guide both new and experienced practitioners around the world.

 LEARN MORE ABOUT IVAN ROCHA
