---
source_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com/kids-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com/kids-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:29.040Z
---

# Kids Jiu-Jitsu

 Join Today

 ## Kids Jiu-Jitsu With Revolution

 At Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness, we offer Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes for children as young as 5 years old, provided they have the necessary motor skills and the ability to follow instructions. Our program is not about fighting but is dedicated to building confidence, self-esteem, self-discipline, respect, concentration, and courtesy. It’s a unique opportunity for children who may not thrive in team sports, offering them a platform to flourish while integrating physical and mental practices, ultimately enhancing their confidence and imparting lifelong skills.
 Martial arts, especially Jiu-Jitsu, is renowned for its ability to instill essential traits such as self-discipline, respect, and confidence, which are vital for success not only in school but also at home and throughout life. Moreover, our Kids Jiu-Jitsu classes serve as a healthy outlet, offering children a means to relieve stress, find more enjoyment in their lives, and improve their attitude, health, and behavior through engaging workouts and valuable life lessons. Join us to provide your child with a holistic and beneficial martial arts experience.

 ### Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Physical Fitness BJJ provides an excellent physical workout, improving strength, endurance, and flexibility. It also serves as a healthy outlet for stress, helping kids relieve tension and find more enjoyment in their lives.

 ### Self-Discipline BJJ emphasizes the importance of self-discipline, both in training and in daily life. Children learn to set goals, work hard, and stay focused, which can improve their academic performance and behavior.

 ### Problem-Solving Skills BJJ involves complex techniques and strategies. Children develop problem-solving abilities as they figure out how to submit opponents or escape difficult positions, skills that can be applied in various aspects of life.

 ### Respect and Courtesy BJJ promotes respect for instructors, training partners, and opponents. Kids learn to treat others with courtesy and respect, valuable life skills that extend beyond the mat.

 ### Problem-Solving Skills BJJ involves complex techniques and strategies. Children develop problem-solving abilities as they figure out how to submit opponents or escape difficult positions, skills that can be applied in various aspects of life.

 #### Ask Us About Kids BJJ

 What is Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ)?
 Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a martial arts program designed for children. It’s a non-striking discipline that focuses on ground-based combat and submission techniques, emphasizing leverage, technique, and strategy.

 At what age can children start BJJ classes?
 Children can begin BJJ classes as early as 5 years old, provided they have the necessary motor skills and can follow instructions.

 Is BJJ safe for kids?
 Yes, BJJ is safe for people of all ages. Our instructors prioritize safety and supervise training to ensure a secure learning environment.

 What are the benefits of BJJ for kids?
 Benefits include improved confidence, self-esteem, self-discipline, respect, courtesy, problem-solving skills, physical fitness, and stress relief.

 Will my child have to compete in BJJ tournaments?
 Participation in tournaments is optional. We offer competitive opportunities, but they’re not mandatory for all students.

 Does BJJ teach kids to be aggressive or violent?
 - No, BJJ promotes control and discipline. Children learn to apply techniques safely and respect their training partners.

 Is there a uniform or special clothing required for BJJ classes?
 Yes, BJJ practitioners typically wear a gi (uniform) or comfortable athletic attire. We will provide specific guidelines and offer kids gis for sale at our on-site pro shop.

 How can I know if BJJ is suitable for my child?
 You can have your child try a FREE trial class to see if they enjoy BJJ. It’s a great way to assess their interest and comfort with the sport before committing to regular classes.

 ##### Our Kids CLub Instructors

 ##### Ricky Miller

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt
 Muay Thai Assistant Kru
 Pro Fighter

 ##### Matt Lindzy

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt

 ###### Eric Zacarias

 Muay Thai Assistant Kru

 ###### Bilal Bonds

 Muay Thai Assistant Kru

 ###### Lucio Chumas

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Purple Belt

 ###### Adam Bussard

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Purple Belt

 Monday Class Schedule
 6:00am – 7:00am: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: Cardio kickboxing (Matt2)
 8:am-9:00am Warrior BJJ(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8) (Mat1)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14) (Mat1)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai (Mat2)

 Tuesday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ
 4:45pm – 5:15 pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:00pm – 6:00pm: MMA
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Boxing 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals

 Wednesday Class Schedule
 6:00am – 7:00am: Muay Thai (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: F.I.T Training(Matt2)
 8:00am-9:00am Warrior Muay Thai(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: No Gi Grappling (Mat2)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai – Fundamentals & Techniques (Mat1)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai Sparring (Mat2)

 Thursday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 5:00pm – 6:00pm: BJJ No-Gi
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals

 Friday Class Schedule
 6:00 – 7:00am: BJJ No-Gi
 7:00 – 8:00am: Cardio Kickboxing
 8:00 – 9:00am: BJJ No-Gi
 5:00pm – 7:00pm: MMA
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)

 Saturday Class Schedule
 10:00am – 11:00am: Thai F.I.T.
 10:30am – 12:00pm: MMA at Hybrid Combat Club

 Sunday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: MMA
 12:00pm – 1:00pm: Wrestling
