---
source_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com/brazilian-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:29.706Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 Join Today

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu With Revolution

 Elevate your BJJ journey by training with the best at Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness. We take immense pride in our affiliation with Carlson Gracie Jr., a name synonymous with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu excellence. Through our instructors, who rigorously adhere to the guidance and high standards set by Carlson Gracie Jr., we guarantee that you’ll experience nothing short of the finest BJJ training available in the area.

 Under Carlson Gracie Jr.’s legacy, our instructors bring a wealth of expertise and a deep-rooted commitment to preserving the authenticity of BJJ. This ensures that you not only learn the most effective techniques but also embrace the core principles of respect, discipline, and continuous improvement that are the foundation of this martial art. By choosing Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness, you’re not just joining a gym; you’re becoming part of a tradition of excellence and a supportive community that will empower you on your BJJ journey. Join us and train with the best, because greatness is not achieved alone, but in the company of champions.

 ## BJJ Moves 14 Videos

 #### Clock Choke 1:14
 #### Cross Sleeve to a Bump Sweep 0:48
 #### Cross Grip to a Scissor Sweep 0:54
 #### Half Guard Pass with the Tail 0:58
 #### Lasso Guard when Backing Out 0:55
 #### Lasso Open Guard Control to a Sweep 0:50
 #### Lasso Sweep when Backing Away 1:01
 #### Lasso Sweep for Standing Opponent 0:55
 #### Lasso Sweep with the Knee up 0:56
 #### Open Guard into Lasso 0:59
 #### Open Guard Control to Scissor Sweep 0:48
 #### Open Guard Control to the Omoplata 0:50
 #### Proper Standup from the Full Closed Guard 1:12
 #### Wrist Lock from the Lasso 0:55

 Monday Class Schedule
 6:00am – 7:00am: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: Cardio kickboxing (Matt2)
 8:am-9:00am Warrior BJJ(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8) (Mat1)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14) (Mat1)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai (Mat2)

 Tuesday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ
 4:45pm – 5:15 pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:00pm – 6:00pm: MMA
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Boxing 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals

 Wednesday Class Schedule
 6:00am – 7:00am: Muay Thai (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: F.I.T Training(Matt2)
 8:00am-9:00am Warrior Muay Thai(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: No Gi Grappling (Mat2)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai – Fundamentals & Techniques (Mat1)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai Sparring (Mat2)

 Thursday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 5:00pm – 6:00pm: BJJ No-Gi
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals

 Friday Class Schedule
 6:00 – 7:00am: BJJ No-Gi
 7:00 – 8:00am: Cardio Kickboxing
 8:00 – 9:00am: BJJ No-Gi
 5:00pm – 7:00pm: MMA
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)

 Saturday Class Schedule
 10:00am – 11:00am: Thai F.I.T.
 10:30am – 12:00pm: MMA at Hybrid Combat Club

 Sunday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: MMA
 12:00pm – 1:00pm: Wrestling

 ### Benefits of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 ### Physical Fitness BJJ is an intense full-body workout. It improves cardiovascular health, enhances flexibility, and increases muscular strength. The constant movement, grappling, and sparring sessions help participants shed excess weight and build lean muscle.

 ### Self-Defense BJJ is renowned for its practicality in self-defense. It teaches techniques to control and submit opponents, making it effective in real-world situations. Participants gain confidence and the ability to protect themselves if necessary.

 ### Mental Resilience BJJ is mentally challenging. It teaches problem-solving, quick thinking, and the ability to adapt to different situations on the mat. Overcoming opponents and the difficulties of training instill a sense of perseverance and mental toughness.

 ### Community BJJ fosters a strong sense of community. Training partners become like family as they help each other grow and improve. The camaraderie, mutual support, and friendships forged in BJJ academies are often cited as one of its most valuable aspects.

 ### Continuous Learning BJJ is a dynamic martial art with an extensive curriculum. There is always something new to learn, from techniques to strategies. Progression is marked through belt ranks, providing a sense of accomplishment and motivation to keep training and improving.

 #### Ask Us About Jiu-Jitsu

 What is Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu?
 BJJ is a martial art that focuses on ground-based combat and submission techniques. It emphasizes leverage, technique, and strategy, allowing individuals to defend themselves against larger opponents.

 Do I need any prior experience to join BJJ classes?
 No experience is necessary! At Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness, we offer a variety of BJJ classes designed to accommodate beginners as well as experienced practitioners.

 What should I wear to a BJJ class?
 Our traditional BJJ classes require you to wear a gi. A gi is composed of a heavy cotton jacket, reinforced drawstring pants, and a belt which signifies your rank. You can purchase a gi and more from the Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness pro shop.

 Is BJJ safe for all ages and fitness levels?
 Yes, BJJ is suitable for people of various ages and fitness levels. Our instructors will adapt the training to accommodate your individual needs and goals.

 What can I expect from a typical BJJ class?
 A typical BJJ class includes warm-up exercises, technical instruction, drilling, and live sparring (rolling) sessions. Classes are structured to enhance both your skills and physical fitness.

 Are there any opportunities for competitive BJJ at Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness?
 Yes! Our elite fighting team, the Bulldog Fight Team, is the heart of our competitive martial arts program. If you aspire to compete at the highest levels of MMA, this is the place to be. We provide dedicated coaching, tailored training regimens, and a supportive team environment to help you achieve your competitive goals.

 How can BJJ benefit me outside the gym?
 BJJ instills valuable life skills such as discipline, perseverance, and problem-solving. It can boost your self-confidence and improve your ability to handle stress and conflict.

 Can I try a class before committing to a membership?
 Yes! We offer a FREE trial class to prospective members. This allows you to experience our BJJ program, meet our coaches, understand our training environment, and decide if it aligns with your goals before committing to a membership.
