---
source_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com/kids-muay-thai/
final_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com/kids-muay-thai/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:30.345Z
---

# Kids Muay Thai

 Join Today

 ## Kids Muay Thai With Revolution

 Step into the world of Kids Muay Thai at Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness, where young minds aged 5 and above discover the art of Muay Thai kickboxing. Our specialized classes blend physical activity with valuable life lessons, focusing on instilling confidence, discipline, and respect. Guided by experienced instructors, these classes offer a unique platform for children to enhance their coordination, build strength, and develop essential self-defense skills in a supportive and engaging environment.
 In our Kids Muay Thai classes, we prioritize not only the physical aspects of the sport but also the mental growth of each child. Through dynamic workouts and structured lessons, we aim to create an atmosphere where youngsters not only learn the techniques of Muay Thai but also cultivate qualities that will benefit them beyond the training mat. Join us at Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness for a holistic and empowering martial arts experience for your child.

 ### Benefits of Kids Muay Thai

 ### Physical Fitness Engaging in Muay Thai kickboxing enhances physical fitness by promoting cardiovascular health, strength, and flexibility. The diverse movements involved in Muay Thai also contribute to improved coordination and agility.

 ### Confidence Kids Muay Thai at Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness empowers children to build confidence as they master the techniques of this dynamic martial art. From learning proper stances to executing kicks and punches, each accomplishment contributes to a growing sense of self-assurance.

 ### Discipline & Focus The structured nature of Kids Muay Thai classes instills discipline and focus in young minds. Following instructions, perfecting movements, and understanding the importance of concentration contribute to the development of these vital life skills.

 ### Respect and Courtesy Participating in a group setting fosters social interaction and teamwork. Kids Muay Thai encourages a respectful environment where children learn to engage with their peers and instructors, cultivating values of mutual respect and camaraderie.

 ### Self-Defense Skills Kids Muay Thai imparts essential self-defense skills, equipping children with the ability to protect themselves in various situations. Learning how to execute kicks, punches, and defensive maneuvers provides practical knowledge for personal safety.

 #### Ask Us About Kids Muay Thai

 What is Kids Muay Thai?
 Kids Muay Thai at Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness is a specialized program designed to introduce children aged 5-14 to the art of Muay Thai kickboxing. It blends fun and structured training sessions, teaching fundamental techniques such as kicks, punches, and clinch work, while instilling essential values like discipline, teamwork, and confidence. The program aims to foster a love for an active and healthy lifestyle through the dynamic and engaging practice of Muay Thai.

 What age group is Kids Muay Thai at Revolution designed for?
 Children can begin Muay Thai classes as early as 5 years old, provided they have the necessary motor skills and can follow instructions.

 Is Muay Thai safe for kids?
 Absolutely! Safety is our top priority. Our instructors closely supervise all activities, ensuring that children wear appropriate protective gear and follow proper techniques to minimize the risk of injuries.

 What are the benefits of Muay Thai for kids?
 Benefits include improved confidence, self-esteem, self-discipline, respect, courtesy, problem-solving skills, physical fitness, and stress relief.

 Can my child participate in competitions through Kids Muay Thai?
 Participation in tournaments is optional. We offer competitive opportunities, but they’re not mandatory for all students.

 Will my child learn self-defense skills in Kids Muay Thai?
 Yes, the program includes self-defense techniques, empowering kids with practical skills to handle bullying situations and promoting a sense of confidence in various scenarios.

 Is there a uniform or special clothing required for BJJ classes?
 For Kids Muay classes, children should wear comfortable athletic clothing that allows freedom of movement. A classic t-shirt and athletic shorts are suitable. Revolution Muay Thai t-shirt and more are available for purchase at the Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness pro shop.

 How can I know if Muay Thai is suitable for my child?
 You can have your child try a FREE trial class to see if they enjoy Muay Thai. It’s a great way to assess their interest and comfort with the sport before committing to regular classes.

 ##### Our Kids CLub Instructors

 ##### Ricky Miller

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt
 Muay Thai Assistant Kru
 Pro Fighter

 ##### Matt Lindzy

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Black Belt

 ###### Eric Zacarias

 Muay Thai Assistant Kru

 ###### Bilal Bonds

 Muay Thai Assistant Kru

 ###### Lucio Chumas

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Purple Belt

 ###### Adam Bussard

 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Purple Belt

 Monday Class Schedule
 6:00am – 7:00am: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: Cardio kickboxing (Matt2)
 8:am-9:00am Warrior BJJ(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8) (Mat1)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14) (Mat1)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai (Mat2)

 Tuesday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ
 4:45pm – 5:15 pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:00pm – 6:00pm: MMA
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Boxing 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals

 Wednesday Class Schedule
 6:00am – 7:00am: Muay Thai (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: F.I.T Training(Matt2)
 8:00am-9:00am Warrior Muay Thai(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: No Gi Grappling (Mat2)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai – Fundamentals & Techniques (Mat1)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai Sparring (Mat2)

 Thursday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 5:00pm – 6:00pm: BJJ No-Gi
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals

 Friday Class Schedule
 6:00 – 7:00am: BJJ No-Gi
 7:00 – 8:00am: Cardio Kickboxing
 8:00 – 9:00am: BJJ No-Gi
 5:00pm – 7:00pm: MMA
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)

 Saturday Class Schedule
 10:00am – 11:00am: Thai F.I.T.
 10:30am – 12:00pm: MMA at Hybrid Combat Club

 Sunday Class Schedule
 11:00am – 12:00pm: MMA
 12:00pm – 1:00pm: Wrestling
