---
source_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://rfjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:30.885Z
---

# Welcome to Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness

 Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness is where fitness and martial arts blend to create a unique, inclusive, and empowering community. Since 2005, we’ve provided expert training in Self-Defense Tactics, Muay Thai Kickboxing, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our team of professional personal trainers/instructors follows the merits of integrity, honor, and respect. We teach our guests and students to stand with courage in the face of danger to help them reach their highest potential and achieve their fitness goals.

 Join Now!

 ## Class Schedule

 Monday
 6:00am – 7:00am: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: Cardio kickboxing (Matt2)
 8:am-9:00am Warrior BJJ(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8) (Mat1)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14) (Mat1)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: BJJ (Mat2)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai (Mat2)

 Tuesday
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ (Mat2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:00pm – 6:00pm: MMA (Mat2)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Boxing (Mat2)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals (Mat2)

 Wednesday
 6:00am – 7:00am: Muay Thai (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: F.I.T Training(Matt2)
 8:00am-9:00am Warrior Muay Thai(Matt2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids BJJ (Ages 9–14)
 5:30pm – 7:00pm: No Gi Grappling (Mat2)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai – Fundamentals & Techniques (Mat1)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: Muay Thai Sparring (Mat2)

 Thursday
 11:00am – 12:00pm: BJJ (Mat2)
 4:45pm – 5:15pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 5–8)
 5:15pm – 6:00pm: Kids Muay Thai (Ages 9–14)
 5:00pm-6:00pm No gi (Mat 2)
 6:00pm – 7:00pm: Muay Thai (Mat2)
 6:00pm – 6:45pm: Kids BJJ Competitive Team (All Ages)
 7:00pm – 8:00pm: BJJ Fundamentals (Mat2)

 Friday
 6:00am – 7:00am: BJJ no gi (Mat2)
 7:00am-8am: Cardio kickboxing (Matt2)
 8:am-9:00am Warrior BJJ (Matt2)
 5:00pm – 7:00pm MMA (Mat2)

 Saturday
 10:00am – 11:00am: Thai F.I.T. (Mat2)
 10:30am – 12:00pm: MMA at Hybrid Combat Club

 Sunday
 11:00am – 12:00pm: MMA (Mat2)
 12:00pm – 1:00pm: Wrestling (Mat2)

 *Schedule is subject to change.*

 ## Tour the gym

 # Welcome to Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness

 Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness is where fitness and martial arts blend to create a unique, inclusive, and empowering community. Since 2005, we’ve provided expert training in Self-Defense Tactics, Muay Thai Kickboxing, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our team of professional personal trainers/instructors follows the merits of integrity, honor, and respect. We teach our guests and students to stand with courage in the face of danger to help them reach their highest potential and achieve their fitness goals.

 Join Now!

 ## 3 Reasons to join Revolution Fitness

 01

 #### Expert Trainers Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness boasts a team of expert trainers renowned for their deep knowledge and professional excellence. Committed to the values of integrity, honor, and respect, our trainers inspire and guide individuals on their fitness and martial arts journeys, ensuring that each member reaches their full potential.

 02

 #### Unlimited Access With a Revolution membership, you'll enjoy unrestricted access to our state-of-the-art gym, where you can enhance your fitness, build muscle, and meet your wellness goals at your own pace. Embrace the flexibility to work out whenever it suits you, and take full advantage of our cutting-edge equipment and facilities.

 03

 #### Fitness for All At Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness, we believe in fitness for all, offering a diverse range of classes that cater to individuals of every experience level. Whether you're a fitness novice seeking an exciting workout or a seasoned martial artist aiming to hone your skills for competition, our programs are designed to meet your needs and help you achieve your goals.

 ### Train Hard. Build Skills. Experience Fitness Revolution.

 Fitness CenterBuild lean muscle, lose fat, increase your performance! Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness has everything you need for a full body workout. Kids ClubKids as young as 5 can learn critical life skills from Jiu-Jitsu and Muay Thai, as long as they have the appropriate motor skills and can follow instruction. Jiu-JitsuBrazilian Jiu-Jitsu teaches students the use of leverage and technique to defend themselves against a larger, stronger opponent. Muay ThaiMuay Thai kickboxing focuses on speed and power, all while increasing your stamina, endurance, and cardio strength. MMAMixed martial arts (MMA) is a full contact combat sport that combines a variety of martial arts techniques, using striking and grappling. Self-DefenseBe proactive with your health and safety by learning effective self-defense tactics tailored for women, emergency personnel, and other.
 ### Virtue. Valor. Victory.

 At Revolution Jiu-Jitsu & Fitness, our motto, “Virtue. Valor. Victory,” encapsulates our core principles. We place great emphasis on virtue, encouraging ethical conduct and discipline in our training and interactions. Through valor, we inspire courage and determination in our members as they tackle challenges and strive for self-improvement. Ultimately, our goal is victory, not just in the gym but in life, where our members emerge as champions of their own journeys, embodying these values.

 ##### Find out why people love revolution jiu-jitsu & Fitness

 Erik C.
 I was hesitant about joining a martial arts gym but after my first couple classes I could see I was in good hands. Multiple staff members with many years of experience. Highly recommend.

 Tyler D.
 Recently started going to this gym a few months ago, so far everyone, coaches and students included have all been polite and friendly, Todd (the owner) is extremely knowledgeable and open to giving advice to anybody who desires it. Overall if you want to learn any martial arts, this is 100% the place to go!

 Kyle H.
 My son and I have been at Revolution since Nov of 2021. We love it here. The understanding and attention for the kids, also my son, makes my son WANT to go to class. The multitude of classes at Revolution is excellent. From BJJ, MMA, to Muy Thai. I've learned so much in the short time ive been there...

 Don'l G.
 I’ve been going for two months. It’s the best time I’ve had in years. It’s been awesome training with guys with expertise who really know what they’re doing.

 Nick. C.
 Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, or MMA. This is the place to be. Instructors are great and can help anyone from a beginner or expert level...The overall mindset of members is great too. Everyone wants to learn and help each other out as we get better together.

 Nathan R.
 My son attends 3-4 times a week. We Love the staff, kids and the fun he has. They learn and also get to play. It’s awesome they all know the kids by name. Would recommend to anyone looking for that something for there child!

 Tasha E.
 This is a great place for kids to learn Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and Muay Thai. The instructors are knowledgeable, encourage the kids as they learn, and work with the kids to ensure they are learning proper technique. It’s fun seeing my little one excited about an extracurricular activity!

 Click here to leave us a review on Google!
