---
source_url: http://www.movementacademyjj.com
final_url: https://movementacademyjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:33.920Z
---

### Start Today and ## Change Your Life At Movement Academy Jiu-Jitsu & Grappling in Henderson, NV, we believe that martial arts training can help every child and adult develop the mental and physical skills they need to succeed in life. Martial Arts isn’t just about self-defense like so many believe. Here it’s all about self-confidence, improved focus, physical strength, and positive social interaction. We teach our members to set goals, work hard, and follow through, all the while having fun and making friends.
 Come join us in the Green Valley North community of Henderson near the Mountain Vista & Sunset Road corridor and get started on the journey to changing your life today!

 ## Features Martial Arts is very important to Movement Academy Jiu-Jitsu & Grappling. Our instructors are here to guide, instruct, and motivate our members to be the best they can be and impact Las Vegas in a positive way. We are here to help parents raise their children to be confident leaders, boost their self-esteem, feel healthy, and get in great physical shape.

 - - Focus BJJ helps build mental toughness, teaches the value of hard work, and gives you the persistence you need in everyday life. - Growth Our classes will help you build confidence, develop a positive attitude, and instill lessons that are applicable in every aspect of your life. - Strength In BJJ, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost stamina and endurance. - Self-Defense Brazilian jiu-jitsu’s focus is to teach students who are smaller and weaker to defend themselves against a larger, stronger assailant.

 #### Adult's ### Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art focusing largely on grappling and ground fighting. It focuses on the principles of leverage and proper technique to obtain dominant control on the ground, and provides a greater position to resolve conflict by using submission holds.
 Learn More

 #### Kid's ### Brazilian Ju Jitsu There are many different types of Martial Arts out there, which can be hard to really understand the differences between styles when you are trying to choose what would be best for your child.
 Learn More

 ## Testimonials
 - - If you're considering taking a crack at jiu-jitsu I highly recommend giving this place a shot. First class is free! Jeremy H. Student - Amazing Jiu-Jitsu in a beautiful gym. Michael is a wealth of knowledge. Great vibe with great people! Boxing program is too notch as well! BJ Lepore Student - This is a complete five star gym all around, Michael the head instructor is a phenomenal teacher. He has a way of adjusting to each individual and pushing everyone to be there best Trae 1 Student - All of the students are helpful and everyone is made to feel like family. I'd highly recommend for anyone who is looking for a home gym to check it out! Jessica L Parent

 #### School ### Schedule More information on our current class schedule.
 More information on our current class schedule.
 Learn More

 #### Academy ### Rules What to expect on your first visit to our school.
 What to expect on your first visit to our school.
 Learn More

 #### Free ### Trial Offer Join us today for a free trial in the program of your choice!
 Join us today for a free trial in the program of your choice!
 Learn More
