---
source_url: http://paulcreighton.com
final_url: https://paulcreighton.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:25.574Z
---

Get a FREE Trial Class Explore Our Classes

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu & MMA Classes and Personal Training in Buford, GA ## About Creighton Mixed Martial Arts Academy Since 2003, Creighton MMA has been a cornerstone for martial arts and fitness in the Suwanee area. Our academy offers a well-rounded mix of Brazilian Jiujitsu in Suwanee and nearby Buford, MMA striking , kids martial arts , and group fitness classes for all ages and skill levels.
 The academy is led by Paul Creighton , a 4th-degree black belt under Renzo Gracie. With decades of experience and black belts in multiple disciplines, Paul has devoted his life to teaching and inspiring others through martial arts.
 Located just 2 miles from Suwanee Town Center and a short drive from Sugar Hill, Buford, Lawrenceville, and Johns Creek, Creighton MMA draws students from across the greater Gwinnett and Atlanta metro area.
 Come see for yourself— schedule a free class , meet our instructors and students, and experience why our community continues to grow. We’re excited to welcome you to the mats.

 ## Start the Journey. Change Your Life!

 Welcome to CMMA—where growth begins and transformation happens. This is your first step toward a stronger, more confident you.

 First Name *

 Last Name *

 Email Address *

 Phone Number *

 Which class or classes are you interested in? * Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 Mixed Martial Arts
 Kids Classes
 Group Fitness

 Tell us more about your goals and interests!

 Newsletter Sign up for the Creighton MMA Newsletter to get event updates, and special offers straight to your inbox!

 Request Your FREE Class!

 ## Programs offered at Creighton MMA & Fitness We offer Brazilian Jiujitsu, MMA Striking, Fitness Kickboxing and Total Body Fitness Classes.

 ## Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Developed by the Gracie family and created to enable a smaller individual to dominate a much larger and more powerful person.
 Jiu-Jitsu Classes

 ## Mixed Martial Arts Our Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) Striking classes focus on Boxing, Muay Thai Kickboxing, and Wrestling techniques to round out a complete self defense system.
 (MMA) Striking Classes

 ## Kids BJJ & MMA Help your kids build confidence, discipline and lifelong skills through fun and empowering martial arts training!
 Kids BJJ / MMA Classes

 ## Fitness Kickboxing 45 minute Group Fitness classes that will challenge you through heavy bag combinations and calisthenics.
 Group Kickboxing Classes

 ## Total Body Fitness (TBF) Our TBF classes are high energy 35 minute HIIT classes that focus on fundamental movements and cardio exercises that will burn away fat and build muscle.
 Group HIIT Classes

 ## Wrestling/Judo Takedowns In our BJJ and MMA classes we focus our takedowns on wrestling and judo techniques to bring the fight to the ground.
 Takedown Classes

 ## Personal Training: Martial Arts and Fitness If you are looking for One on One sessions in any of our programs we have highly experienced instructors that can lead you through private lessons.
 Personal Training

 ## Academy Hours Monday
 9:30 AM – 12:30 PM
 3:30 PM – 9:00 PM

 Tuesday
 6:30 AM - 8:00 AM
 10 AM – 12:30 PM
 3:30 PM – 8:30 PM

 Wednesday
 9:30 AM – 12:30 PM
 3:30 PM – 9:00 PM

 Thursday
 6:30 AM - 8:00 AM
 10:30 AM – 12:30 PM
 3:30 PM – 8:30 PM

 Friday
 9:30 AM – 12:30 PM
 5:30 PM – 7:30 PM

 Saturday
 8:00 AM – 1:00 PM

 Full Class Schedule

 ## What Our Students Are Saying… “After spending the last 6 to 7 years at the “Fitness Chains” I have never obtained results I get from your Fitness Kickboxing and Total Body Fitness Classes. Without your help, it is doubtful I would be in the best shape of my life. I look forward to many more years.” Read more reviews

 ## Paul Creighton – Head Instructor Paul Creighton began studying martial arts at the age of five. He started with wrestling, and wrestled competitively throughout high school and college. As a competitive wrestler in high school and college, Creighton compiled a 134-16-1 (win-loss-tie) record and was a Junior Olympic Gold Medalist. While obtaining his Bachelors degree in health science at SUNY Brockport, Paul began goshin jutsu karate, Japanese ju-jitsu, and judo where he went on to obtain a Black Belt in each of these disciplines.
 Learn more about Paul
 Meet the Team

 ## Latest Academy News April 20, 2026
 ## BrewJitsu #7 RESULTS
 April 13, 2026
 ## Another great performance at NAGA!
 April 12, 2026
 ## NAGA Grappling Championship place winners @ CMMA!
