---
source_url: https://www.dominionmma.com
final_url: https://www.dominionmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:36.217Z
---

# Mixed Martial Arts Academy in San Antonio

 ## Become the athlete you've always wanted to be
 Dominion MMA offers a wide variety of programs and services to help you achieve your health, fitness, and athletic goals
 Start Your Free Trial

 ### Reach new heights No matter where you start, you will be pushed to become a better version than when you started.

 ### Judgment free We are all learning and growing. If you win, we all win.

 ### Everyone is welcome Our staff and members believe in creating a friendly environment for people at all fitness levels.

 ## Every body is unique. Find something that works for YOU
 ### Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu emphasizes getting an opponent to the ground in order to utilize ground fighting techniques and submission holds involving joint-locks and chokeholds
 Start Your Free Trial Contact us For More Info

 ### Muay Thai With techniques including kicks, punches and the extensive use of knees and elbows, Muay Thai is often referred to as the science of 8 limbs.
 Start Your Free Trial Contact us For More Info

 ### Peek a Boo Boxing Boxing is a combat sport in which two people engage in a contest of strength, reflexes, and endurance by throwing punches at an opponent with gloved hands.
 Start Your Free Trial Contact us For More Info

 ### Get your first class for free Contact us For More Info

 ## Getting started is easy
 01
 #### Book Your Free Trial We want to hear your fitness goals, assess a good starting point, and even let you try out a class for free!

 02
 #### Find a Plan That Works for You Get guidance tailored to your body and progress consistently. We will guide you every step of the way.

 03
 #### Transform Your Life Getting fit is hard; staying fit is harder. We're here to ensure you build healthy habits and systems that keep you on the right track.

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of San Antonio Residents

 ## Everything you need to crush your fitness goals
 #### Weekend Classes

 #### Class Reservations

 #### Members Only App

 #### Individualized Programming

 #### Easy Scheduling

 #### Personal Training

 ## Our community is what makes us special. And it's what will keep you going
 Joining a gym shouldn't be intimidating. We will help you feel comfortable getting started.
 Dominion MMA has been around since 2010 helping people reach their fitness goals.
 Our goal is to provide an environment of success, where your coaches will guide you every step of the way.

 ## Conveniently located in the Braun Shopping Center next to Fast Eddies.
 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Dominion MMA is located and easily accessible from all of San Antonio.

 ‍

 9910 W Loop 1604 N #117, San Antonio, TX 78254
 Get Directions

 ## Questions? We (probably) have the answers!
 How do I sign up for a free trial session?Schedule your 3-day free trial with us. Fill out the contact form with all of your details and we'll contact you to schedule your free trial. How long does it take to see results?Be patient. Results take time, but if you’re consistent, they absolutely will come. The exciting thing is that as a beginner, results come fairly quickly. Even in 30 days, you can really see a difference in your strength and overall fitness. Do I get the chance to meet new friends?Yes. We like to organize our classes in small groups. Small group settings allow you to make new friends that might share the same interest(s) as you! What sets you apart from other mixed martial arts gyms in the area?No contracts, no enrollment fees, no belt testing fees and we are one of the most successful MMA gyms in the area with the best coaches. How often should I come?2-4 classes a week is realistic for beginners, depending on your level of fitness when you start. It may take a while for your body to get used to training at that intensity, so at the beginning, you might need more recovery time between training days. Over the first few months, start working your way up to training 5 days a week.
 Do you provide free refreshments there?We have filtered water available to our members. Other snacks and drinks are available for purchase. Do I have to be fit to join?No, our fitness programs are what will get you in shape. No matter what your current fitness level is, we have the fitness program that is right for you. As you become fitter, workouts will become more challenging. Every workout is designed to help you succeed, improve fitness, and move you toward your goals. What payment methods do you accept?We take all major credit cards and debit cards. Billing is done every 30 days for our month-to-month members. Do I have to stop eating my favorite foods?Do enjoy special indulgences and meals. It’s a lifestyle, but it has to be manageable and realistic for the long term. Luckily, the healthier you eat, the healthier you tend to want to eat. You get hooked on feeling good and junk food just isn’t worth it. By avoiding excessive amounts of refined carbohydrates and measuring your intake of protein, carbohydrates, and fat, you will see dramatic, measurable increases in health. Does your gym compete in different types of tournaments and events? Dominion MMA competes in local, regional, and national events. We have amateur and professional MMA fighters, Muay Thai competitors, Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gi, and No Gi athletes that represent and compete for Dominion MMA. We will help you become a competitor if you want to compete.

 ## Still curious? Talk to us! (210) 791-7135 Contact us

 ## You don't have to be great to start, but you do have to start to be great.
 Start Your Free Trial
