---
source_url: http://romajiujitsuacademy.com/programs/adults
final_url: http://www.romajiujitsuacademy.com/programs/adults
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:16.501Z
---

Menu
 # Adults

 Gis may not have any other school or affiliate patches. Gis are available to rent or purchase at the academy.

 ## Basics Open to beginning white belts and higher
 The first step of your Jiu Jitsu journey will start with our Basics Class . The curriculum for this class is designed to introduce important concepts and techniques, while developing the skills necessary for a strong foundation in the sport. The Basics Class is also open to any belt level who would like to strengthen their basic skills. This class focuses on proper movement, warm ups, drills and technique with minimal sparring.
 Class Length | 1 Hour
 *This class is suitable for those brand new to Jiu Jitsu

 Free trial

 ## Fundamentals Open to colored belts and white belt students who have completed the Basics Program
 Fundamentals Class is the next step after our Basics Class . Geared towards students from white - black belt, this class will continue to build upon a student's knowledge and skills, while increasing the level of difficulty. In addition to strengthening foundational Jiu Jitsu techniques, this class will go in depth with details from every position. With more emphasis on situational drills and sparring, students will improve their endurance and mindset as they sharpen their individual strengths.
 Class Length | 1 - 1.5 Hours
 *This class is suitable for colored belts and white belts who have completed the Basics Program

 Sign Up

 ## Competition Open to colored belts and white belts with permission
 The sport aspect of Jiu Jitsu is the focus of our Competition Class . It is for students whose goal is to push boundaries and advance their unique style while developing mental and physical strength. Students will be challenged to grow, become more focused, and learn competitive discipline. Through the Roma competition team, students have the opportunity to compete locally as well as travel, challenging themselves by taking their Jiu Jitsu to a broader stage. This class will include high pace competition style drills and sparring, as well as learning point systems and competition strategies.
 Class Length | 1 - 1.5 Hours

 Sign Up

 ## No-Gi Open to all belt levels
 The No-Gi Class adds a new dimension to your training. In this aspect of Jiu Jitsu, you will be challenged to learn different variations of techniques, and how to adapt gi concepts into no gi situations. Understanding the dynamics of both gi and No-Gi can be beneficial to your overall Jiu Jitsu game. A rash guard and no gi shorts or gi pants must be worn to participate in this class. Women may wear leggings.
 Class Length | 1 Hour

 Sign Up

 ## Open Mat Open Mat provides a great opportunity for students to get some extra training time in. You can drill techniques that you learned in class that week, meet students from other classes, or simply spar with a training partner. This a wonderful time for families to train together as well!
 Class Length | 2 Hours

 drop in

 Roma Jiu Jitsu Academy | 1332 Kilauea Avenue | Hilo, HI 96720
