---
source_url: http://www.purebrazilianjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://purebrazilianjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:58.116Z
---

# Pure BrazilianJiu Jitsu #### Get in shape, build confidence, change your life Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome To ## Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 If you’re looking to flip your fitness routine upside down, look no further. At Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Chicago, we believe that anyone is capable of success. The art of BJJ is not just amazing for the body, but it cultivates the mind too. Our programs help you master self-defense, while also instilling a lifelong sense of confidence and empowerment. Come visit our academy in the Norwood Park neighborhood and get started today!

 ## Free Week Trial Offer Still not sure that Jiu Jitsu is for you? Don’t just take our word for it, experience Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for yourself. Sign up today and enjoy a free week trial!

 Special Offers

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further.

 ## Instructors At Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, BJJ isn’t just a hobby – it’s a way of life.

 ## Special Offers Our free trial class will kick-start your passion for Jiu Jitsu!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Discipline The art of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is built on self-discipline. Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu will help you reach your goals, teach you to work hard, and share skills that will last you a lifetime.

 ##### Self-Defense BJJ is one of the most effective forms of self-defense training, providing power to smaller individuals and creating a unique way to protect yourself without harming your opponent. Come see what all the hype is about!

 ##### Community No other sport has a community like that of martial arts. Between our all-star staff, welcoming environment, beautiful training space, and dedicated students, you’ll sense the community of Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu the moment you walk through our doors.

 ##### Confidence Between the distractions of social media and the demands of school and work, modern life can take a toll on one’s self confidence. By taking care of your health – both physical and mental – you’ll feel great about yourself!

 ##### Strength Nothing is as empowering as learning how to defend yourself…and getting in shape at the same time!

 ##### Lots of Fun! Don’t get us wrong, mastering a Jiu Jit is hard. But above everything else, it’s fun! Nothing is as fulfilling as perfecting a technique or acing a sparring combination and being cheered on by your instructor and classmates.

 #####

 ## Gallery

 ### Get Started Today When it comes to Jiu Jitsu, nothing compares to Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. Not convinced? Come check us out and see for yourself!

 773-413-8211
 6017 N Northwest Hwy, Chicago, IL 60631
 Get Directions

 ### Pure Brazilian Jiu Jitsu 6017 N Northwest Hwy, Chicago, IL 60631
 Get Directions
