---
source_url: http://www.roycegracieaom.com
final_url: https://www.roycegracieaom.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:12:52.130Z
---

Skip to content 3028031476 1812 Marsh Road, Wilmington DE roycegracie.aom@gmail.com

 # Royce Gracie Academy of Wilmington, DE

 ## Royce Gracie Academy of Wilmington Delaware

 Gracie Jiu Jitsu is more than just a style of martial arts, it’s a way of life. At Wilmington Delaware’s premier Jiu Jitsu academy, we are here to insight the mind and empower the body.

 ## The Academy

 Conveniently located in Wilmington Delaware at 1812 Marsh rd (Inside the Pat Caputo American Karate Studio) , our gym has everything you would ever need to learn the art of Gracie Jiu Jitsu. We also house the best instructors that will always make sure to go the extra mile and are willing to help in any way they can.

 About The Academy

 ## Our Mission

 To create a safe and positive environment in which we can share the art of Gracie Jiu Jitsu in ways that can be understood by any man, woman, or child.

 ## The Legend

 From his humble beginnings in Brazil, to shocking the world at the first UFC, Royce Gracie has forever changed martial arts and the way the world views it. He now teaches the art of Gracie Jiu Jitsu in the same way his father, Hélio Gracie, taught him.

 About Royce

 ## The Art of Self Defense

 Gracie Jiu Jitsu was founded on the belief that you can always defend your self against even the most formidable of foes. This philosophy can be applied to women, children, and even men, as an art of self defense. We offer comprehensive one-on-one lessons, as well a group specials.

 About Jiu Jitsu

 ## Visit the Store

 When you aren’t too busy in the gym, be sure to stop by the store to see the Royce Gracie merchandise we offer. Our products are perfect to let every one know who your mixed martial arts icon is. We even offer some pretty amazing gear to hit the mats in.

 Shop Now
