---
source_url: https://hassettsjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://hassettsjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:00.634Z
---

# Get Started Now ↴

 RESERVE YOUR FREE CLASS TODAY!

 ## About Hassett‘s Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu #### Who We Are Hassett’s Jiu-Jitsu traces its roots back to 1991 when it was established as Hassett’s Karate Club. Over the years, our institution has experienced significant growth and program refinement. Today, Hassett’s Jiu-Jitsu proudly caters to the South Jersey region, offering meticulously crafted instruction by experienced professionals. Our programs cater to individuals of all ages and skill levels. For further information into our rich history, and to learn about our instructors, explore our 'About Us' page.

 About Us

 #### What We Offer With over 30 years in business, we provide an extensive range of classes for both kids and adults. Whether you're interested in developing self-defense skills or mastering the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, our variety of classes caters to everyone from beginners to advanced practitioners. Schedule a free introductory class with us today to experience
 firsthand what our classes have to offer..

 #### Why Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu offers numerous advantages for
 individuals aspiring to lead a healthy lifestyle.

 The primary benefits impact:

 - Mental Health Boost: Cultivate self-confidence and discipline through regular practice. Stress relief and decompressing from day-to-day life.

 - Physical Fitness: Engage in a holistic full-body workout regimen to enhance muscle strength, flexibility and cardio.

 - Social Growth: Participate in a supportive community where members share common goals, fostering the potential for lifelong friendships with individuals from diverse backgrounds.

 ## Contact and Location ###### Please Choose the School You are Inquiring About

 Sewell Academy Williamstown Academy

 ## Follow Us on Our SocialS

 ## Why Train At Hassett's Jiu-Jitsu..

 Show More

 SECURE YOUR FREE FIRST CLASS!

 Learn more

 #### This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.

 Accept
