---
source_url: http://www.316bjj.com
final_url: https://www.316bjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:57:14.838Z
---

## Want to try a free class?
 Experience a free class at our martial arts academy in Rockwall and discover if joining the 316 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu family is the perfect fit for you and your family. To get started, simply click the waiver link below to complete the release form and receive your free trial class. Ready to embark on your martial arts journey?

 Rockwall waiver
 Greenville waiver

 # Not Just a Gym... A Family
 We are blessed to provide a clean, safe, and family-friendly environment for men, women, and kids to train martial arts. Whether you're looking to get in shape, lose weight, or build muscle, why not learn practical self-defense skills at the same time, in a fun and supportive setting? Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is superior to traditional martial arts like Taekwondo and Karate in real-world situations, especially when confrontations go to the ground. We can't wait until you join the 316 BJJ family!

 Take a Free Class
 - - - - -

 ## Programs
 While we strive to embody Christian values, there are no sermons or mandatory prayers. Our gym is also for those searching for an environment to simply train. We offer a family-friendly atmosphere with events designed to bring families together, allowing you to learn self-defense, improve your health, and enjoy quality time with loved ones.

 ### Fundamentals
 Dive into the core techniques and principles that form the backbone of Jui Jitsu.

 Read More

 ### Advanced Training
 Refine and master your techniques beyond the basics under our seasoned instructors.

 Read More

 ### Women's Self Defense
 Learn practical self-defense techniques to increase your confidence and safety in any situation.

 Read More

 ### Kids Anti-Bullying
 Equip your child with the skills to handle and prevent bullying with confidence, self-control, and discipline.

 Read More

 ## Preston P.
 My family and I were on the fence about BJJ and joining a gym and decided to drop in at 316. It only took one class to realize the quality and environment 316 has built, especially with the kids program. We were immediately welcomed in as part of the group and the customer service we received is worth 6 stars. I can’t say enough about the people here and we are exited to start training at 316.

 ## Corey D.
 My 3 children have been going to this gym for almost 2 years. The community that comes from this gym is family. 316 BJJ continues to showcase true talent not only competitively but overall staff. Top BJJ gym in DFW and entire state of Texas.

 ## Kara B.
 If you’re nervous to start your jujitsu journey, this is the best place to start. You have a supportive, patient, and friendly environment to learn and grow at 316! The instructors there are so talented and cheer you on along the way. They are family friendly and that means a lot for a mom of 2! Give them a shot you won’t regret it!

 ## Rebekah K.
 This gym is like family for anybody who walks in. The atmosphere is very professional and family friendly. The professors are experts but also good teachers. You will learn an awesome skill, but also gain friends for life.
