---
source_url: http://www.studio540.com
final_url: https://www.studio540.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:06:56.881Z
---

Skip to content # BLENDINGTHE JIU JITSUEXPERIENCE

 We open our doors to practitioners from any school and of any art with no judgments or biases. Our goal is to offer an environment where we can simply share knowledge and positively influence students’ lives.
 We offer adult and kids gi jiu jitsu, no-gi submission grappling, and Muay Thai classes in Solana Beach, San Diego, CA.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## MARTIAL ARTS

 ## Martial arts

 ## MARTIAL ARTS

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 Jiu Jitsu is a fighting system that has evolved from Japan, through Brazil and now to the US. Incorporating the gi or kimono, BJJ involves taking down an opponent, controlling them, and submitting them through the application of joint locks and chokes.

 ## MARTIAL ARTS

 ## No-Gi Submission Grappling

 Submission Grappling is practiced without the gi or kimono, and brings together techniques from Folk and Freestyle Wrestling, Judo, Jiu-Jitsu, and Sambo. Similar to BJJ, the principles of control and submission remain.

 ## MARTIAL ARTS

 ## Muay Thai

 Muay Thai or Thai boxing is a combat sport of Thailand that uses stand-up striking along with various clinching techniques. Emphasis is placed on accurate striking with fists, elbows, knees and shins. Gloves and pads are used in class.

 ## The value of legacy:

 ## knowledge and passion passed on.

 TRY A FREE CLASS

 ## OUR ACADEMY

 ## Our Academy

 ## INSTRUCTORS

 Meet our world-class black belt instructors.​

 MEET INSTRUCTORS

 ## PROGRAMS​

 See our full list of adult, youth, and beginner programs.​

 SEE PROGRAMS

 ## SCHEDULE​

 See the Studio 540 full schedule of classes.​

 SEE SCHEDULE

 ## You fight the way you practice.

 ## reviews

 ## From Our Students

 "This place is pure magic. Incredibly competent, warm people; impeccable facility; awesome students and a great general vibe. The studio feels like a tight community of kind, generous and awesome humans."

 Paul Asoyan Blue Belt

 "Love this place. A perfect blend of martial arts and San Diego beach vibe. The instructors are great and there are a variety of classes for our younger children. Look forward to continuing here for many months to come!"

 Kathleen King Blue Belt and BJJ Mom

 "Highly recommend this place. The level of instruction is world class and the culture/environment is very chill. They've got something for everyone here. If you want to turn it up a bit and go hard, there will be someone happy to accommodate, and if you feel like just flowing around and going light you can do that too. On top of all of that, the facilities are sparkling clean, which really is a nice luxury to have. Great place to learn martial arts, get in shape, or get competition ready. Great kids classes as well."

 Wally Weiss Purple Belt

 "Joining Studio 540 has been one of the best decisions I've made in the past couple of years. The lessons learned in discipline and pushing myself to another level have been invaluable. I feel lucky to have such great instructors!"

 Jordan Jackson White Belt

 Previous
 Next

 ## Time on the mat will eventually surpass talent and ability.

 Try A Class

 ## Location

 ## STUDIO 540 Locations

 Call: (858) 792-7776

 Address: 540 Stevens Avenue Solana Beach, CA 92075

 New Location 2052 Corte Del Nogal STE 160 Carlsbad, CA 2011

 Instagram Facebook-f Youtube

 Email: Frontdesk@studio540.com

 PRIVACY POLICY

 ABOUT US

 ARTS

 SCHEDULE

 SHOP

 CONTACT US
