---
source_url: http://www.bernardofariaacademy.com/programs/
final_url: https://bernardofariaacademy.com/programs/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:02.679Z
---

# Programs

 bernardofariaacademy@gmail.com
 ### SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL CLASS
 781-428-1364

 # Programs ## Kids Jiu Jitsu AGES 4 -15 yrs
 Kids learn Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense techniques through fun and engaging drills and games that are appropriate for their specific age group. Classes are open to all levels and are thoughtfully separated by age groups:
 - 4-6 yrs – Mondays & Wednesdays at 4pm - 7-9 Yrs – Monday & Wednesday at 5pm, Saturday at 10am - 10-15 yrs – Tuesdays & Thursdays at 5pm, Wednesdays at 6pm, Saturdays at 9am & Sundays at 9:30am
 We teach our kids to be the best they can be both inside and outside the Academy by reinforcing the importance of respect for themselves and others, believing in themselves, and persevering through difficult challenges. Jiu-Jitsu also teaches them the importance of working hard not just for themselves, but for their teammates through dedication and discipline.
 Kids learn Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense techniques through fun and engaging drills and games that are appropriate for their specific age group. Classes are open to all levels and are thoughtfully separated by age groups:
 4-6 yrs
 Mondays & Wednesdays at 4pm
 7-9 Yrs
 Mon. & Wed. at 5pm, Sat at 10am
 10-15 yrs
 Tues. & Thurs. at 5pm, Wed. at 6pm, Sat. at 9am & Sun at 9:30am
 We teach our kids to be the best they can be both inside and outside the Academy by reinforcing the importance of respect for themselves and others, believing in themselves, and persevering through difficult challenges. Jiu-Jitsu also teaches them the importance of working hard not just for themselves, but for their teammates through dedication and discipline9
 Sign Up For a Free Trial Class

 ## Adult Beginners NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
 Our Fundamentals program introduces you to the foundation of basic positions, techniques, submissions and escapes as well as how it is applied to self-defense situations. We developed our Fundamentals curriculum to not only teach you a solid foundation of Jiu-Jitsu as well as give you the tools to build upon those foundations that will help you develop and progress on your Jiu-Jitsu Journey.
 No matter what your age, experience or fitness level is, we will help you achieve your goals in a welcoming, safe, and fun environment. Jiu-Jitsu offers so many amazing benefits that improve your mental and physical health: Improved physical fitness, Better balance and coordination, Weight Loss, Increased Energy, Reduces Stress and anxiety, Build Self-confidence, Improve Mental focus & Critical thinking and Fun!
 *We offer Fundamentals classes in both GI & NOGI
 Sign Up For a Free Trial Class

 ## Adult Intermediate INTERMEDIATE GI & NOGI- 2 STRIPES & UP
 Our Intermediate program introduces more complex techniques and movements that helps you builds upon the foundations you have learned in the Fundamental classes. You will improve your understanding and depth of knowledge of Jiu-Jitsu and learn how to connect techniques together. Positional sparring or “training” is introduced in the Intermediate classes where you will learn to apply techniques with some resistance from a partner. You will develop offensive and defensive strategies and use your critical thinking during this faster pace training. While our Intermediate program was designed with the white belt in mind, it is also very beneficial for more advanced students looking to perfect their technique or people who may be returning from a layoff.
 *We offer Intermediate classes in both GI & NOGI
 Sign Up For a Free Trial Class

 ## Adult Advanced ADVANCED NOGI- 3 STRIPES & UP
 Our Advanced program is designed for those who have completed the Fundamentals & Intermediate programs. You will further develop your offensive and defensive strategies as well as building your own personal “game” or “style” of Jiu-Jitsu. You will learn more advanced, techniques, and connections as well as fine tune the details. Our Advanced classes will also assist those who have the desire to compete (competing is not a requirement) and study every aspect of Jiu-Jitsu under the guidance of 5x Black Belt World Champion, Bernardo Faria and GI and NOGI World Champion, Marcos Tinoco. Advanced class are where champions are made, fitness goals are exceeded, and the complexity of Jiu-Jitsu is truly exposed.
 *We offer Advanced classes in both GI & NOGI
 Sign Up For a Free Trial Class

 ##### LOCATION 131A Great Road Bedford, MA 01730
 ##### EMAIL bernardofariaacademy@gmail.com
 ##### PHONE 781-428-1364
 ##### POLICIES Privacy Policy

 Copyright BFA 2018-||currentYear|| SBCC Design and Developed by
 Vasta Web

 X

 Sign up for a Free Trial Class
