---
source_url: http://www.bernardofariaacademy.com
final_url: https://bernardofariaacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:02.894Z
---

bernardofariaacademy@gmail.com ### SIGN UP FOR A FREE TRIAL CLASS

 781-428-1364

 ## WORLD-CLASS

 # BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU GYM

 BJJ Classes For Adults And Kids At All Ages And Skill Levels

 Sign Up For A Free Trial Class

 ## WORLD-CLASS

 # BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU GYM

 BJJ Classes For Adults And Kids At All Ages And Skill Levels

 Sign Up For A Free Trial Class

 ## WELCOME to bedford's greatest bjj gym

 ### Safe and fun jiu jitsu training for adults and kids at all ages and skill levels

 We are conveniently centrally located in Bedford, Massachusetts, a short drive from Burlington, Bilirica, Concord, Westford, Medford, Newton, Waltham, Lincoln, Pinehurst, Acton and more.

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU PROGRAMS

 KIDS

 Our kids and Youth program teaches Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and self defense techniques. We will also teach them to be the best they can be inside and outside the academy. Some of the benefits of learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu with us include:– Prevent bullying– Develop self-confidence– Focus– Respect– values– Healthy lifestyle– Self-defense– Brazilian Jiu-jitsu is a lifelong gift! Adultbeginners

 FundamentalsThe fundamentals program at Bernardo Faria BJJ Academy is designed for everyone at any fitness level, gender or age (14 or older). Our fundamentals program has an extremely welcoming environment that will allow you to develop a foundation and learn the basics of Jiu Jitsu in a controlled, safe, and fun environment. Adult intermediate & Advanced

 Our intermediate program is designed for those who have completed the fundamentals curriculum and or have attained at least a 2nd degree white belt. The intermediate curriculum will help in preparation to achieve your blue belt, begin sparring, and graduate to the advanced class.

 Sign Up For a Free Trial Class

 ## ABOUT

 ## ABOUT

 At Bernardo Faria Academy we offer Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced BJJ classes for adults at every experience and fitness level. Whether you are trying Jiu Jitsu for the first time or an experienced grappler, our classes and dedicated instructors provide a safe, fun and supportive environment for everyone. Our goal is to help you achieve your goals and surpass them.

 Click here to learn more

 ## TESTIMONIALS

 See all testimonials

 ## CONTACT US

 #### come be part

 - 781-428-1364 - bernardofariaacademy@gmail.com - 131A Great Road, Bedford - MA - United States - Get Directions

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Bernardo Faria Academy to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at any time or learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying to STOP.

 ## VISIT US

 ## VISIT US

 We are conveniently centrally located in Bedford, Massachusetts, a short drive from Burlington, Bilirica, Concord, Westford, Medford, Newton, Waltham, Lincoln, Pinehurst, Acton and more.

 Free Trial Class

 LOCATION

 131A Great Road Bedford, MA 01730
 EMAIL

 bernardofariaacademy@gmail.com
 PHONE

 781-428-1364
 ##### HELP

 Privacy Policy

 Accessibility

 Copyright BFA 2018-||currentYear|| SBCC Design and Developed by

 Vasta Web

 X

 Sign up for a Free Trial Class
