---
source_url: http://www.matrixbjj.com/
final_url: https://matrixbjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:04:51.704Z
---

#### Shopping Cart Your cart is empty

 Continue Shopping

 ### Welcome to the Matrix BJJ Academy! ### When you visit our Academy, meet Coach Leo Porras and our dedicated team, you'll discover why Matrix is making a real impact in our community!

 ### Matrix offers top-tier youth and adult training programs for all levels--beginners to seasoned wrestlers and martial artists--focusing on building skills, confidence, fitness, discipline, and control while supporting your self-defense and competition goals

 ### We provide welcoming, fun, and highly skilled programs for Adults, Kids (3-16), Homeschool families, and Law Enforcement, ranging from beginners to competition & self defense training

 Free 2 Class Visitor Pass # Free 2 Class Visitor Pass To get your free two class passes, just fill out this contact form and we will get your pass set up and contact you to book your visits!
 Your Name
 Email Address
 Phone

 Names and ages of visitors / members?
 Any medical conditions or limitations?

 Leave a comment (optional) Get your Free 2 class visitor passes
 Thank you for your interest in visiting our Matrix BJJ Academy!
 We will follow up with information on which class(s) you'd like to visit and tips for a fun and successful 1st visit - OR- If you want to drop in, please arrive 15 min early so there's time to introduce yourself, fill out guest paperwork, and get your guest loaner Gi from Coach Leo.
 Feel free to text or call us at 253.356.99545, we look forward to meeting you!
 Sincerely,
 Coach Leo Porras & Dan Kosage

 - Phone 2532610724 - Address 4220 A Street SE, #102 Auburn, WA 98002 - Email Leomatrixbjj@gmail.com Contact Us
 Located on "A" Street by Lakeland Family Chiropractic, Blush Nails Boutique, Yoga Om Wellness Center, and Happy Lemon

 - © Matrix BJJ Academy of Auburn, WA - - Powered by Gymdesk
