---
source_url: http://paxibellum.com
final_url: https://paxibellum.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:15:02.006Z
---

# DiscoverThe Gentle Art Come train Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Wrestling, and Muay Thai at Paxibellum Martial Arts located in the heart of New York City near Union Square. Join our community today, we’d love to have you!
 try a free class

 ## Join our Community Visit Paxibellum today and become part of a community of passionate fight nerds and misfits who love martial arts.

 ## Unlock your potential At Paxibellum we are committed to helping you become the best version of yourself and unlocking your full potential.

 ## Dynamic Learning Experience a vibrant environment where individuals of all skill levels and abilities can thrive, learn, and have fun practicing martial arts.

 ### Sign up for a class We welcome students of all ability levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners, and your first class is always free! Sign up Today!

 Sign Up today

 “Everyone is respectful and awesome. We look out for each other and help each other. There aren’t any egos here. We push each other when we need to but are respectful of everyone’s limitations or reasons for joining.”

 ## Our Classes Experience expert-led wrestling, Muay Thai and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a fun, supportive gym environment, perfect for honing your skills and having a great time.
 ## No-gi Brazillian Jiu-jitsu No-gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is a variant of traditional BJJ where practitioners wear rash guards and shorts instead of the traditional gi. It emphasizes control, technique, and adaptability, making it a dynamic and effective martial art for self-defense and sport.

 ## Submission Wrestling Submission wrestling is a grappling sport focused on achieving submission holds like joint locks and chokes, offering a great workout and practical self-defense skills. It integrates techniques from Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, judo, sambo, and other grappling arts.

 ## Muay Thai Muay Thai is a combat sport that uses stand-up striking, sweeps, and various clinching techniques. This discipline is known as the “Art of eight limbs”, as it is characterized by the combined use of fists, elbows, knees and shins.

 See Class Schedule

 ## Meet Chad Vaźquez ## Our head instructor
 ## Chad Vaźquez Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu isn’t just a martial art, it’s a transformative experience. It enhances your fitness, equips you with self-defense skills, and instills discipline.

 ## Watch Chad In Scenic Fights Experience expert-led wrestling and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a fun, supportive gym environment, perfect for honing your skills and having a great time
 Learn More

 ### Sign up for a class We welcome students of all ability levels, from beginners to advanced practitioners, and your first class is always free! Sign up Today!

 Sign Up today

 ## Contact us Looking for more information? Submit the information below and we will contact you as soon as possible.

 ← Back
 #### Thank you for your response. ✨
 Name
 Phone ​

 Email

 Message

 Submit Submitting form

 Δ

 ##

 ##
 Loading Comments...
 Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

 ###
