---
source_url: http://www.lundmartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.lundmartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:14:03.254Z
---

create the best version of yourself

 with

 ## Get started below

 with our

 # EXCLUSIVE OFFER!

 ### Children Ages 5 - 12

 See Offer
 See Offer

 Learn More
 Learn More

 ### Teens Ages 13 - 17

 See Offer
 See Offer

 Learn More
 Learn More

 ### Adults Ages 18+

 See Offer
 See Offer

 Learn More
 Learn More

 ## Why Choose Us?

 ### Clean, Safe, and Family Friendly

 We make sure our Academy is cleaned and disinfected before every training session. Then we make sure every student feels welcomed and is kept safe !

 ### Authentic

 We’ve traveled the world to bring the very best martial arts back to you! Now, you get to learn authentic, effective martial arts techniques just a few minutes from your home!

 ### Professional

 It takes a lot more than just being great at martial arts to be a great instructor. Our staff goes through extensive training to learn how to teach , encourage , and nurture every student on their martial arts journey. Additionally, our staff has all PA clearances to work with children.

 ## How do I know this is the right place for me?

 Look at purchasing martial arts classes like buying a car: both might look good in pictures and have an amazing description, but you shouldn’t buy either one without first taking a test drive ! If you click “ Claim Offer ,” you’ll get some free training (really, it’s FREE !) and that’s how you can “test drive” our Academy!
 We guarantee that we will take great care of you during your free training whether you decide to continue training afterward or not. After all, you have nothing to lose and so much to gain !
 P.S. If you are looking for Muay Thai, karate, Taekwondo, Brazilian jiu-iitsu (BJJ) , kickboxing, or any other style of martial art to learn self-defense; build confidence, self-control, discipline, and focus; exercise; reduce stress; or achieve overall fitness for yourself or your child, we hope you give us a test drive!
 Our Academy focuses specifically on Muay Thai , Brazilian jiu-jitsu , and Taekwondo for both children and adults. Technically, this makes us a mixed martial arts (MMA) Academy, but we are not a dirty fighter gym. We are a safe , clean martial arts Academy with emphasis on a family environment and authentic martial arts . Classes are professional and separated by age and skill level.
 We look forward to meeting you and seeing you on the mats!
