---
source_url: https://www.graciebjjcolorado.com/self-defense-programs
final_url: https://www.graciebjjcolorado.com/self-defense-programs
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:29.283Z
---

# Programs at Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora
 Discover the unparalleled training experience at Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Aurora, proudly serving Aurora and the Denver Metro area since 2014. Regardless of age or skill level, we are here to help you hone your skills.
 Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Aurora (GJJA) stands out as Colorado's premier destination for street-ready self-defense education, providing a safe, clean, and welcoming atmosphere for all. Each program adheres to a set curriculum, so students know exactly what they will learn before they come to class. In a martial art where confusion and frustration are extremely common, we’ve gone to great lengths to ensure that you will enjoy the highly structured and encouraging approach only found at Certified Gracie University Jiu-jitsu Training Centers. See below for all of the courses we offer that are available to anyone interested in jiu jitsu near Denver.

 10-Day Trial

 Gracie Combatives®

 Self Defense Class in Aurora, Colorado
 Gracie Combatives® is our beginner self defense and Gracie Jiu-Jitsu program for adults. In this program, you will learn the 36 core techniques of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu in a fun, safe, and cooperative environment. Each one-hour lesson addresses one standing and one ground self-defense technique. You can start the program at any time and participate in any class without previous experience and, since safety is our number one concern, there is no competitive sparring in this program. Upon successful completion of the Gracie Combatives program we will promote you to Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Combatives Belt and you will qualify for advancement to the Master Cycle program.

 Learn More

 Master Cycle®

 The Gracie Jiu-Jitsu blue belt and beyond
 T he Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Program in Aurora consists of hundreds of advanced techniques organized into a clearly defined, systematic curriculum called the Master Cycle®. The Master Cycle’s unique structure simplifies the journey to black belt by organizing all of Gracie Jiu-Jitsu into seven positional chapters (Mount, Side Mount, Guard, Half Guard, Back Mount, Leg Locks, Standing), each of which is studied for several months before moving on to the next chapter. If you’ve achieved the rank of Combatives belt or higher, and you would like to continue on the path to black belt in a safe, structured, and friendly learning environment, the Master Cycle is for you!

 Learn More

 Women Empowered®

 Self-Defense Class for Women
 Brazilian Jiu-jitsu is the perfect self-defense system for women, but only if it is taught correctly. If you’re unsure about learning BJJ for fear of injury, embarrassment, or any other reason, then the Women Empowered program is perfect for you! If you’ve tried BJJ at another school and had a negative experience, give Women Empowered a chance, and we guarantee it will win you back to the mat!
 ​

 Learn More

 Gracie Bullyproof®

 Gracie Bullyproof, Aurora's Jiu-Jitsu for Kids 5 - 13
 Every month in the United States, three million children miss school due to fear of bullies. In the Gracie Bullyproof program, our goal is to instill your child with unshakable confidence so they can overcome bullies without violence. Due to the non-violent nature of the techniques, CNN, ABC , NBC , and Oprah have featured the Gracie Bullyproof program as one of the few effective counter-measures to bullying for children between the ages of 5 and 13. Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Aurora is currently offering the Jr. Grapplers, 8 to 13 year old, section of the Bullyproof program — the Denver area’s best Jiu-Jitsu for kids.

 Learn More

 Mat Munchkins

 Kid's (Ages 3-5) Jiu-Jitsu Lessons at GJJA
 Mat Munchkins is for kids ages 3-5 years old. Parents will join their Mat Munchkin on the mat and can expect to practice the basic fundamentals of Jiu Jitsu by utilizing (in rotation) the 10 Gracie Games. This Class will prepare them for the Little Champs classes.

 Learn More

 Private Lessons

 Private Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Lessons at GJJA
 All of our Gracie Certified Instructors are available for private lessons by request. Maybe you don’t have the time to make a regularly schedule class or you would like to sharpen what you feel needs improving? Whether you are drilling for your BBS 4 tests or you’ve never even stepped on the mat before, we welcome anyone who is interested in learning Gracie Jiu-Jitsu.

 Learn More

 ## Gracie Jiu-Jitsu
 See programs above for more information.

 Home

 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 "My 14yr old and I joined the Women Empowered and loved it so much I got my younger 9yr old to start Gracie Bullyproof. Tony and Tanya are incredible. Their leadership flows to the team. Every instructor is friendly, passionate and work hard to benefit their students. Every woman looking to learn and train in self-defense should try the classes. You will not be disappointed. My 14yr old has gained so much confidence and my 9yr old looks forward to class every week. This is an amazing opportunity no matter your age or experience."

 Ange, via Google

 ## Self Defense Classes Near You
 At Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora , we firmly believe in the transformative power of self-defense and the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Beyond physical training and self-defense techniques, our classes offer invaluable lessons in confidence, discipline, and resilience. Jiu-Jitsu is not just about learning how to defend yourself; it's about understanding your body, honing your mind, and gaining a deeper sense of self-awareness. Whether you're a complete beginner or an experienced practitioner, there's always something new to learn and explore on your journey with us.
 Join us and discover the empowering benefits of Jiu-Jitsu, where every class is an opportunity to grow, both on and off the mats.

 Learn More
