---
source_url: https://www.graciebjjcolorado.com/why-gracie-jiu-jitsu-aurora
final_url: https://www.graciebjjcolorado.com/why-gracie-jiu-jitsu-aurora
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:29.994Z
---

# Why choose Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora?
 We asked our students, “why did you choose Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora?” We noticed some common themes throughout all of the answers so we compiled the following list of reason. So without further ado, here are the top six reason to train at Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora.

 ## Top 6 Reason Why to Choose Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora:

 ## #1. The Direct Tie to the Gracie Family
 In 1989 Rorion, Rickson, Royce, and Royler, opened the first Gracie Jiu Jitsu Academy. It was in Torrance, California. Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora is a Gracie Academy certified training. When you want the real thing, you go to the source. Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora is Colorado’s premiere Gracie Academy and as close to the source as it gets.

 ## #4. GJJA Was Responsive to My Inquiries
 When you reach out to Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora you can expect to hear back within 24 hours.

 ## #2. Street Self Defense First Philosophy
 You start with fundamentals purely focused on street self defense. There is not blurred line of what is strictly for the game of competitive sport Brazilian Jiu Jitsu. It’s all self defense, all the time.

 ## #5. The GJJA Community
 When you train at Gracie Aurora you become part of a family. Every single person at GJJA is your teammate, mentor, and friend on the journey.

 ## #3. The Approachable Combatives Curriculum
 Crawl. Walk. Run. Learn the basics first rather than sparring on day one and getting tied in knots by unforgiving sharks.

 ## #6. Prof. Tony Earned His Rank from the Gracie’s
 Training at Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora means you are learning from an instructor who trained with and was certified by Rener and Ryron Gracie.
