---
source_url: https://www.graciebjjcolorado.com
final_url: https://www.graciebjjcolorado.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:30.106Z
---

A Gracie University
 Certified Training Center

 ### Kids, Women Only, and Adult Classes
 10-Day FREE Trial

 # Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora

 Our Aurora Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training center offers a welcoming and supportive environment for students of all levels, from beginners to seasoned athletes, and everything in between! Our women's self defense classes , Gracie Bullyproof® kids classes , and other training programs all offer real-life self defense skills in an empowering environment. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is more than a martial art; it's a lifestyle that promotes physical fitness, mental resilience, and personal growth.
 Our Level 4 Certified Gracie Training Center offers expert BJJ training to students of all ages and fitness levels. Our students learn the principles of leverage, technique, and timing to overcome larger opponents, making it an ideal form of self-defense for people of all ages and body types. Join us at Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora and begin your journey of empowerment, discipline, and continuous self-improvement with Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.

 ## Our Locations

 Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora
 601 Salida Way, Suite B6
 Aurora, CO 80011
 ​
 Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora (Southlands Location)
 Located inside Southeast Recreation Center -
 25400 E Alexander Dr, Aurora, CO 80016

 ## Phone
 (720) 436-7093

 ## Email
 graciejiujitsuaurora@gmail.com
 ​
 Southlands Location: gjjsouthlands@gmail.com

 ## Connect
 - - -

 ## Special Offers and Upcoming Jiu Jitsu Events Near You
 Sign Up!

 ## Curious About Aurora Jiu Jitsu? Watch This!

 ## Check out a tour of Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora

 ## ABOUT GRACIE BJJ AURORA
 Gracie Jiu Jitsu Aurora is a Level 4 C ertified Gracie Training Center . We invite you to explore our website, research our Brazilian Jiu Jitsu programs , learn about our teaching methods, meet our Jiu Jitsu instructors , and discover useful resources to aid you through your Jiu Jitsu training journey.

 Our Programs

 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 "My 14yr old and I joined the Women Empowered and loved it so much I got my younger 9yr old to start Gracie Bullyproof. Tony and Tanya are incredible. Their leadership flows to the team. Every instructor is friendly, passionate and work hard to benefit their students. Every woman looking to learn and train in self-defense should try the classes. You will not be disappointed. My 14yr old has gained so much confidence and my 9yr old looks forward to class every week. This is an amazing opportunity no matter your age or experience."

 Ange, via Google
