---
source_url: http://somdjujitsu.com
final_url: https://somdjujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:33.141Z
---

The Jiu-Jitsu program you will find at the Academy is unique to the Metropolitan DC area. Our training adheres to the foundational techniques developed over a millennium in Japan and during the last 100 years in Brazil. We focus upon the techniques and strategy allowing practitioners to prevail in violent encounters despite an attackers advantages of size, strength, speed, or the use of weapons. Our system in essence relies upon striking, throwing and grappling, while standing, in transition to the ground, and on the ground. It includes the application and countering of the most common combinations of strikes, throws, take-downs, joint locks, chokes, crushes, pins and the disarming of weapons from attackers.
 A number of off-shoots have emerged from our basic style over the years including, Judo, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Karate, Tae Kwon-Do, and Aikido. Proficiency in those more specialized martial arts has enabled our system to produce National, Regional, and State Champions in the advanced, intermediate, and lower divisions of Brazilian Jiu-jitsu point tournaments, Judo tournaments, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Submission Only tournaments, Sport Karate tournaments, Sport Jujitsu tournaments, traditional Jujitsu competitions, and Mixed Martial Arts (MMA/Cage Fighting) events. Military and Law Enforcement in our system improve their proficiency in combatives and tactics respectively.
 Developing competence in our system is empowering for both men and women. Our adult members represent a broad cross section of the community with respect to age, physical fitness and martial arts experience. Members are welcome to participate in as many scheduled classes as they wish. Our program for juniors, beginning around age 6, provides age appropriate training for competence in self-defense with encouragement toward their continued training as adults.
 We are affiliated with both the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation (IBJJF) and United States Judo Association (USJA) . Our instructors undergo background checks and have received certification through U.S. Center for SafeSport along with CDC Heads Up Concussion training.
