---
source_url: https://brazilianblackbelt.com/buffalo-grove-brazilian-jiu-jitsu
final_url: https://brazilianblackbelt.wixsite.com/brazilianblackbelt
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:11:06.169Z
---

## Premier Jiu-Jitsu Martial Arts School
 We offer beginner-to-advanced high-quality Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and self-defense classes for men, women, and children in Buffalo Grove, Illinois. No experience necessary! Get started with our online-exclusive BJJ offer.

 Get Started

 Learn Directly from a World-Renowned
 Black Belt World Champion
 Felipe Costa

 Felipe Costa is a former professional jiu-jitsu competitor and one of the leading figures in the roosterweight division. He has earned world titles in all three major federations (IBJJF, UAEJJF, and CBJJO). Under the guidance of Rodrigo “Comprido” Medeiros, Costa reached the pinnacle of the sport as a black belt, despite a modest colored belt career. Over a distinguished 15-year pro circuit, he consistently ranked among the top three, solidifying his legacy as a world-class athlete. Today, Felipe brings his championship pedigree and extensive expertise to his teaching, inspiring the next generation of jiu-jitsu practitioners.

 Learn More
 Felipe's Achievements

 ## Schedule your first class. Learn Jiu-Jitsu. Change your life.
 Let Brazilian Black Belt Academy's passionate & experienced instructors guide you on your martial arts journey. Now, we are offering the best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu training in the area in a new location! Our BJJ classes are designed for everyday people and the whole family.

 Start Today!

 #### OUR PROGRAMS:
 01

 ## Self-Defense
 Our structured curriculum is ideal for beginners with no previous experience, but also a great tool to sharpen the fundamentals of more experienced grapplers. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as self-defense is based on leverage and is considered to be the most effective and fastest way to acquire a life-saving skill set that will help you to be ready to protect yourself and your loved ones, even if an attacker is bigger than you. Safety is our priority in every class, we know the main concern when starting a new activity is the fear of getting injured or not being good enough. Felipe Costa's teaching method is presented in a step-by-step structure where every class you learn new skills, but also review important details of previous classes. In addition, those techniques are put to a test in a controlled environment, helping the students not only to better retain the knowledge and incredibly reducing the chances of injury but also making them ready for the reality of a real situation.

 02

 ## Brazilian Jiu Jitsu
 Explore advanced levels of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in our specialized program designed for teenagers and adults. Elevate your skills with detailed instruction on advanced techniques, deepen your grasp of complex Jiu-Jitsu concepts, and emerge as a versatile and highly skilled practitioner. From white belt to black belt, we are ready to help you in your journey. Our structured classes follow a logical sequence while paying attention to the individual's needs. Felipe Costa offers an easy-to-follow and structured curriculum created from over 30 years of experience in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Creating an ego-free and familiar environment is our top priority. We do train hard, but respect everyone's limits and goals. The perfect program for transitioning a teenager into a confident and respectful adult. Our students learn to defend themselves while taking the traits of a martial artist and applying them to the always difficult but formative teenage years. Learning to be respectful, disciplined, and confident while going from middle school to high school and into adulthood is the most important element of this program.

 03

 ## Kids' Jiu Jitsu
 Discipline, Focus, Problem-Solving Skills, Resilience... The benefits of learning Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu as a kid are countless, but often, parents point out the unshakable confidence to overcome a bully without violence. We'll help your child speak up confidently to stop bullies and show them safe ways to stay out of trouble. No punching or kicking, we use leverage-based control holds to neutralize threats, and we focus on clever moves that keep them safe without fighting. Preparing your child for everyday life. All those benefits will happen while your kids are having fun, playing Jiu-Jitsu games without even realizing how character development is a central component of our kids program. Do kids who train in martial arts have a higher success rate in school? Discipline, Focus, Problem-Solving Skills, confidence and Resilience. Brazilian JIu-Jitsu instills these incredible traits in your child, every time they come to class. Kids learn to deal with their emotions in a safe environment and that is reflected in their daily life. Kids BJJ Classes or other Martial Arts such as Karate or Taekwondo classes? Often parents show concern that once their kids learn kicks and punches, they may become violent or even become bullies themselves. In kids' Jiu-Jitsu, they learn to handle problems by using words to set boundaries, keeping a safe distance, controlling their bodies with leverage and not strikes, like other martial arts, and figuring things out through talking. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is known for being the most effective for a smaller person to defend themselves, while it can also be gentle. Parents are encouraged to watch the classes or even to participate in this process. We have many parents that started to have that bond with their kids and kept training. Since Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu is suitable for all ages and body types, often families find this to be the perfect sport to practice together, creating and keeping a bond that could be easy to lose in these modern times.

 04

 ## Private Training - All ages
 Whether it's because your schedule is too messy to attend a group class or you may need help in one particular area, private training can be the perfect solution. Let us give you a tailored training plan for your strengths and weaknesses. You will break through perceived limitations and reach your goals.

 Schedule a Free Trial

 # Gracie or Sport # Jiu-Jitsu?
 Nowadays, the term "Gracie Jiu-Jitsu" refers to academies that focus on the self-defense aspect of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, while "Sport Jiu-Jitsu" is commonly used to describe an academy that is tournament-oriented, usually following IBJJF rules.

 That is quite a common question nowadays, so we asked Felipe Costa to answer it:
 " When I started to learn Jiu-Jitsu, there was no such thing as two branches of it. Learning this art was learning to defend yourself, controlling and causing as minimal harm as possible. About a decade before that, tournaments were created as an alternative. The rules were created to reward the superiority shown during the combat. Over the years, with how popular the art has become, some academies started to leave behind the importance of the self-defense aspect in their curriculum. The way I understand this art, leaving the self-defense part behind is similar to not learning history, thinking you can´t benefit from what came first. The self-defense aspect of this art is the best foundation for your knowledge, even if your goal is to become a World Champion, and I can say from my own experience. I guarantee you it´s completely possible to have both styles in the learning process and this is how I teach all my classes. The self-defense aspect of Jiu-Jitsu is what made me start, but the sports aspect of it is what made me stay and want to have this art as part of my life forever."

 ## Why Choose Us?
 At Brazilian Black Belt, we believe Jiu-Jitsu can be a tool for EVERYONE, regardless of age, gender, athleticism, or ability. We offer structured martial arts curriculums specific to the self-defense needs of any demographic or skill level, with programs created for beginners - both adults and children.
 Felipe Costa has created a program with the fundamentals of BJJ self-defense, but that connects perfectly with the sports aspect of BJJ, merging his experience from starting training in the '90s in Rio de Janeiro, where Jiu-Jitsu was mainly focused on self-defense, with his experience as a World Class competitor where he managed to stay among the top, as a black belt competitor, during all his career.
 We take pride in creating a safe, comfortable, and welcoming learning environment for all students. We are passionate about what we do because we believe confident humans make better humans.
 "Many people try to separate the self-defense aspect of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu from the ever-evolving sports side of it. They try to sell as two different things. I don´t see it like that, but as one complementing the other. A strong foundation, and understanding of the self-defense aspect of it, will help you better understand the art as a whole and help you transition to the super fun sport aspect of BJJ, with or without the GI, helping you grow as a martial artist and being able to open a new door to change your life and adopt a healthier lifestyle forever." - Felipe Costa

 Start Today!

 #### SCHEDULE & LOCATION
 Address: 790 South Buffalo Grove Road
 Buffalo Grove, IL

 Our initial class schedule is now in place, and we’re excited to welcome students onto the mats.

 As our student community grows, we will gradually introduce additional classes to meet demand.
 Stay tuned for updates!
 Monday and Wednesday
 7:30am Adults and Teens (All levels)
 4:00pm Kids (Age 3 to 6)
 4:30pm Kids (Age 6 to 9)
 5:15pm Kids (Age 9 to 13)
 6:00pm Adults and Teens (fundamentals and Self Defense)
 Tuesday and Thursday
 4:30pm Kids (Age 9 to 13)
 5:15pm Kids (Age 6 to 9)
 6:00pm Adults and Teens (All Levels)
 Saturday
 10:00am Family Class (Kids and Adults)
 11:00am Adults and Teens (fundamentals and Self Defense)

 If you’d like to reserve a spot for your child, please send us a message to secure their place.
 ​

 #### Membership Options
 ​
 ​
 ### We’re Open! Join Us for Our Soft Opening! Our soft opening has officially begun! We’re excited to welcome you to our academy as we start with a limited class schedule and gradually expand. Now is the perfect time to be part of our growing community from the very beginning.
 #### Membership Plans Adults – Starting at $180/month (12-month agreement) or $220/month (no contract)
 Kids – Starting at $135/month (12-month agreement) or $165/month (no contract)
 One-Time Registration Fee – $100 (Includes kimono + rashguard — a great value! Save over 40% compared to buying separately.)

 Stay updated with our latest class schedules and announcements by following us on Instagram , Facebook , and our website .
 Come train with us and be part of something special from the very beginning.

 Schedule a Class HERE!

 3x World Champion (2003 - IBJJF Adult, 2006 - CBJJO Adult, 2018 - Abu Dhabi World Pro @ Master)
 ​
 4x IBJJF International Masters Championship (2010 - 2011 - 2013 - 2016)
 ​
 2x IBJJF European Champion – Adult (2008) & MASTER (2015)
 ​
 IBJJF Pan Ams Champion - Master Division (2015)
 ​
 2x IBJJF Brazilian National Champion – Adult (2007) and MASTER (2019)
 ​
 Rio de Janeiro State Champion – Adult division (2010 – Primeira Etapa)
 ​
 IBJJF Rio Open Champion – Adult division (2013)
 ​
 Brazilian Cup Champion – Adult division (2009)
 ​
 8 x IBJJF Brazilian National Silver Medalist – Adult Division (2004, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013) & Master Division (2014, 2015)
 ​
 4x IBJJF Pan-American Silver Medalist – Adult Division (2009, 2010, 2011) & Master Division (2014)
 ​
 IBJJF European Silver Medalist – Master division (2011)
 ​
 Brazilian Cup Silver Medalist – Adult division (2004)
 ​
 IBJJF International Master Championship Silver Medalist (2009 - Adult Division, 2018 - Master Division)
 ​
 IBJJF Rio Open Silver Medalist (2011- Adult, 2018 - Master)
 ​
 IBJJF Brazilian National NO GI Silver Medalist (2011 - Adult, 2016 - Master)
 ​
 8x IBJJF World Bronze Medalist (2004, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2012, 2013)
 ​
 2x IBJJF Brazilian National Bronze Medalist – Adult division (2005, 2009)
 ​
 2x IBJJF International Master Championship Bronze Medalist (2008, 2012)
 ​
 IBJJF Pan American Bronze Medalist (2013)

 ## Felipe Costa’s World-Class Achievements as a Black Belt
