---
source_url: http://www.notoriousbjj.com/programs-.html
final_url: http://www.notoriousbjj.com/programs-.html
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:11:01.655Z
---

- Home - Bio - Programs - Schedule - Contact Us - Photos

 Notorious
 Mixed martial arts

 Women's Only BJJ

 If you're a female looking to learn

 self-defense, gain confidence, or just try something new, the women's only class is just for you!

 Kids Advanced BJJ & NOGI
 Our advanced class is for students who are interested in competing in Jiu-Jitsu and building on the grappling skills they've learned previously.

 Kids Intermediate MMA
 This class builds on the skills developed in the beginner class and introduces live grappling.

 OUR CLASSES

 ​

 ​​

 Notorious Mixed Martial Arts, home of "Team Fiona BJJ", prides itself on being

 one of the top Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu competition teams on the East Coast.

 ​Kids Beginner MMA
 This class focuses on coordination, basic striking combinations, and self-defense techniques.

 Adult Kickboxing

 Our Adult MMA class is a new addition to our schedule and we are so excited about it. Adults will learn striking fundamentals, footwork, and combinations that will help improve their stand-up game.
 ​

 Strength&Conditioning
 Looking to get in better shape, and improve flexibility, and mobility? This is the perfect class for you.
 ​

 Notorious Wrestling ​

 Juniors Wrestling
 High School Wrestling/Wrestling for BJJ

 ​

 Adult BJJ

 Our Adult BJJ program specializes in

 bringing the old school philosophy into the modernized community. Our top-notch black belt instruction provides our students with the best combination of techniques they can fully utilize in the competition scene. Whether you are looking to compete or just get in shape, Notorious is the place for you!

 View on Mobile
