---
source_url: http://checkmatfresno.com/classes-alt-layout
final_url: https://checkmatfresno.com/classes-alt-layout
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:27.826Z
---

Menu
 ## Kids, Fundamentals - Learn Discipline - Improve Coordination - Learn BJJ Basics and movements - Introduction to basic/Intermediate concepts - Gi and No-Gi

 OUR KIDS, FUNDAMENTALS PROGRAM IS DESIGNED TO INTRODUCE OUR YOUNGEST AND NEWEST STUDENTS TO JIU JITSU. OUR AIM IS TO HELP BUILD COORDINATION. THE CURRICULUM INCLUDES FUN, FAST-PACED GAMES & INTERACTIVE DRILLS TO TEACH JIU JITSU MOVEMENTS AND ENTRY LEVEL TECHNIQUES TO ENSURE A STRONG FOUNDATION.; THUS A GREATER UNDERSTANDING OF JIU JITSU. OUR INSTRUCTORS PROMOTE AND REINFORCE STRONG CORE VALUES TO STUDENTS IN EASY-TO-FOLLOW AND SIMPLE METHODS.

 ## Kids, Advanced - Improve BJJ Understanding - Learn Self Defense, Discipline - Fundamental & Advanced Technique - Competition & Situational Training - In Depth BJJ Concepts - Gi and No-Gi

 OUR KIDS, ADVANCED PROGRAM IS FOR INTERMEDIATE AND ADVANCED STUDENTS WHO'S FOCUS IS COMPETITION. OUR PROGRAM IS GEARED TOWARDS COMPETITION SCENARIOS AND MORE ADVANCED JIU JITSU TECHNIQUES. STUDENTS WILL COVER POSITIONS THAT ARE MORE IN DEPTH AND WORK TOWARDS BUILDING A COMPLETE ARSENAL OF TECHNIQUES.

 ## Adult, Fundamentals - Intro to core BJJ concepts - Attacks, Defense, and Escapes - Positional and Situation Training - Gi and No-Gi

 THE FUNDAMENTALS PROGRAM WAS CREATED TO ENSURE THAT NEW STUDENTS WILL START THEIR JIU JITSU TRAINING WITH A SOLID FOUNDATION. ADVANCED STUDENTS ARE STILL ENCOURAGED TO PARTICIPATE AS DRILLING FUNDAMENTALS WILL ONLY IMPROVE YOUR JIU-JITSU. THE CLASS IS CENTERED AROUND BASIC TECHNIQUES FROM ALL POSITIONS AS WELL AS CONCEPTS THAT WILL AID IN STUDENT DEVELOPMENT.

 ## Adult, Advanced - Attacks, Defense, and Escapes - Live Sparring - Advanced BJJ Concepts & Techniques - Core concepts of BJJ - Gi and No-Gi

 THE ADVANCED PROGRAM GIVES STUDENTS THE OPPORTUNITY TO GET A MORE IN-DEPTH EXPLORATION OF ADVANCED JIU JITSU TECHNIQUES. STUDENTS WILL ALSO GET AN EXTENSIVE LOOK AT MODERN JIU JITSU AND LESS COMMON SITUATIONS THAT COULD ARISE. ENTRY INTO THIS PROGRAM IS FOR BLUE BELTS AND ABOVE

 PH# 559-492-8055 (call or text)
 Email: fresnojiujitsu@gmail.com
 1835 E. Dakota Ave. Fresno, CA 93726
