---
source_url: http://www.primebjj.com
final_url: https://primebjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:23.303Z
---

# Prime Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu

 # Straight from the source Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu
 ### We are a community focused and inclusive martial arts (Brazilian Jiu Jitsu) training center serving Colorado Springs
 Class Schedule

 ## BRAZILIAN JIU-JITSU STRAIGHT FROM THE SOURCE Professor Marcelo Motta's vision has always been to create a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy that instructed the art of the sport the same way he had learned it in Rio de Janeiro, the birthplace of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. His classes are based on authentic techniques that have been producing BJJ champions ever since the art was popularized by the Gracie family. Professor Marcelo Motta is fourth-degree black belt practicing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu for 35 years. While his school is home to over dozen students that won Gold medals at all belt levels and age groups at International Level, he himself is No-Gi World champion and Masters World champion. Professor Marcelo Motta is inviting you to schedule free introductory class and have a great experience trying this amazing sport (or continuing your mastery in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu) while meeting new training partners and building lifelong friendships in his safe to train and welcoming to all Academy.

 ## Ready to get started? Embark on a journey with a winning tradition! Prime Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu proudly supports a significant presence in acclaimed IBJJF City Open, PANs, and Worlds competitions organized by the International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation. Our esteemed academy has been home to over 10 world champions across all color belts.

 Schedule a Free Trial (719) 329-4260
