---
source_url: http://www.tbjja.com
final_url: https://www.tbjja.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:58:02.740Z
---

Spring Hill’s First

 # Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu School Learn More Try Free

 ## Tennessee Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Academy TENNESSEE’S NUMBER ONE JIU-JITSU ACADEMY

 We proudly offer world class instruction in the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We offer both Gi and No Gi Classes. We have classes for Kids, Teens, Women and Men, as well as Private Lessons, and Self-Defense classes.
 Whether you’re training for fun, hobby, competition or looking for a new fitness routine, TBJJA has you covered.

 TRY FOR FREE

 FLEXIBLE SCHEDULEEARLY MORNING TO EVENING CLASSESSEE SCHEDULE

 ## Meet Our Instructors The TBJJA team of instructors are highly knowledgable in their respective art.

 ## K.C. Rogers KRU

 ## Corey Frizzell Head Boxing Instructor

 ## Rachel Casias Owner/Head Women's Instructor

 ## Ray Casias Owner/Head Instructor

 SEE ALL

 AFFORDABLE PRICINGWE OFFER PRICING TO FIT EVERYONES NEEDSSEE PRICING

 KIDS PROGRAMKEEP YOUR KIDS ACTIVELEARN MORE

 ## The Gym

 ## Blog ## What Jiu-Jitsu Means to Me—And What It Can Mean to You July 3, 2025
 1. A Journey Worth Taking So you’re thinking about starting Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, or you’ve already…

 Read more

 ## What Is Your Why? June 30, 2025
 In Jiu-Jitsu, one of the most important questions you can ask yourself is: What is…

 Read more

 ## How Brazilian Jiu Jitsu can help your child and Social Anxiety September 19, 2023
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) is not just a martial art; it's a transformative journey that can…

 Read more

 ## The benefits of keeping your child in Jiu Jitsu classes during the school year: August 9, 2023
 Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) can have several benefits for children during the school year. Here are…

 Read more

 ## What Our Students Have To Say Hands down the most family friendly gym I’ve ever joined. Our whole family trains here, and I couldn’t ask for a better environment to raise my two children in!! Owners Ray and Rachel truly have a family approach to running their gym, and the classes are phenomenal. They have taught my 13 and almost 7 year old discipline, self respect, and self defense. Love this gym!!!

 Rebecca Bennett
 Rating: 10

 I was very happy to come across your academy, visiting from Roger Gracie Academy (London, UK). Thank you TBJJA for a great space and instructors to train with. Love your family friendly and community focused atmosphere. Clean and spacious with a lot of good welcoming energy for students of all levels and ages. Great higher belt and black belt instructors. Thanks for the opportunity to keep up my game while traveling.

 Vartan Sarkissian
 Rating: 10

 What a great family environment! We’ve been with Coach Ray and Coach Rachel for almost 2 years. All of the coaches are amazing and everyone is so very welcoming. We’ve been to a few different places, but have found our gym home. We love it! Highly recommended for all members of the family!

 Becky Easley
 Rating: 10

 This place is really a 75 star establishment. Any time you see a blue diamond with gold trim you are in the right place. IYKYK!!! Great rolls better people. Ray and Rachel are awesome people and run an awesome gym. Can’t say enough good things. Also they don’t discriminate against no gi only people (looking at you 10P fam)! If you are anywhere in the area and looking for a place to train this is it!

 J.D. Mitchell
 Rating: 10

 TBJJA is a place for the whole family, couple, or individual who is looking for an activity that will better themselves both physically and mentally. My family has been going since 2018 and we could not recommend this place more. The Casias’s are great owners and people. My kids have built confidence, my wife and I have made great friends and we all have grown as individuals. With multiple class options there is something for the whole family.

 Chris Thompson
 Rating: 10

 Great experience, had the pleasure to train here on my vacation. Was a very nice welcoming gym, good technique taught, the positional sparring was great, positive attitudes and care from all the training partners, well structured inviting place. Would definitely make this my home gym were I to move here in the future.

 Ryan Schram
 Rating: 10

 TBJJA is filled with friendly competitors — they have been good to me while I was in town visiting my brother and his family — they let me train with them while preparing for a tournament — they gave good advice and had great drills and I did well in my tournament — I appreciate their hospitality, competitiveness and friendliness — they have top competitors at all belt levels and many of them compete and win in tournaments but best of all they are kind and friendly. My brother and nephew go to this gym regularly and they love it and they have both improved so much, they both competed and did well in tournaments — its always a fun but competitive atmosphere here and I love visiting. Many thanks to the TBJJA community, I’d recommend anyone to train there.

 William Kropach
 Rating: 10

 Tennessee BJJ Academy is amazing! I’ve been in and out of martial arts for 25 years and the experience here is second to none. The coaches and students are welcoming. The training is first class and safe. The facility is clean and huge. And so many black belts! I’ve been to multiple gyms where even the main instructor is not a black belt and here your every day lunch class will have three! Such an honor to roll with people with so much experience and humility.

 Joshua Ely
 Rating: 10

 I personally enjoy striking, but I’ve mainly focused on Jiu-Jitsu (though I’ve also attended striking sessions). For Jiu-Jitsu, I primarily attended the morning classes, where everyone was passionate and taught high-level techniques. They were always kind and welcoming. The afternoon classes are great too! Highly recommend!

 Ryan Orange
 Rating: 10

 This is a very nice place to take your kids to learn jiu jitsu. The staff is really courteous and genuine with the kids. Parents can watch in the waiting room behind some glass and it has a very familial feel. You can feel a sense of community there. If your kids are looking for some exercise and to learn a valuable skill you should give these guys a try.

 Dom Manzella
 Rating: 10

 Very family friendly. Kids fit right in. Very pleased with the level of professionalism as well. They made me feel like family right away. Can’t beat the 30 day free trial either!!!

 John Vanus
 Rating: 10
