---
source_url: https://altonelite.com
final_url: https://altonelite.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:11.514Z
---

Skip to content ## VOTED BEST MARTIAL ARTS STUDIO Welcome to Alton Elite Jiu-Jitsu - Empowering our Community Through Strength, Service and Integrity

 Join the Elite Family Today

 Facebook Instagram

 ## OUR MISSION

 To transform lives by empowering individuals in our community to become their best selves through the practice of martial arts.

 ## CORE VALUES

 - Servant Leadership – We put others first. - Growth Mindset– Always improving, never settling. - Confidence Through Discipline – Turning Insecurity into strength. - Community Impact – Serving Alton and building leaders. - Integrity – Doing the right thing, on and off the mats.

 ## OUR Programs

 Adult Jiu-jitsu

 Advanced Jiu-Jitsu

 Women's Only Gi

 Striking / MMA

 Youth - Ages 6-14

 Little Ninjas - Ages 3-5

 VIEW OUR PROGRAMS

 ## Words from the Mats

 Ian C Mathews 4 months ago

 This is the best jiu jitsu gym in Illinois, around St. Louis, and possibly even the country. Newly renovated, expert coaches, and the owner of... Read More »

 Kimberly Stassi 7 months ago

 I tried this gym with some friends, just trying to find something fun that would also help me with weight issues. I got everything I... Read More »

 Abbie Hobart 6 months ago

 Everyone is very welcoming and supportive! I love that they offer a ladies only jiu jitsu class! It’s truly helped me discover my own strength.... Read More »

 Cara Naville 3 months ago

 Our whole family trains here, and we truly can’t say enough good things about this gym. We do no-gi BJJ, gi BJJ, and MMA/striking,... Read More »

 logan mossman 4 months ago

 Great gym with awesome coaches. The instructors at Alton Elite Jiu Jitsu are knowledgeable, patient, and genuinely care about helping everyone improve. The facility is... Read More »

 Read More Google Reviews

 ## Unlock your potential

 free 7 day trial

 ## FAQ

 ### Do I have to be in shape to get started? Not at all. You’ll find that our classes for beginners are the perfect way to build up your overall fitness level regardless of your physical condition. Good luck!

 ### Can I come watch a class? Yes! You are more than welcome to come and observe any of our scheduled classes.

 ### Am I too old to start martial arts training? No! We have people of all ages participating in our programs.

 ### Will I get hurt during training? Safe training is our primary concern. Our qualified instructors teach their techniques slowly, with thought, and ensure that students are conducting their practice to remove injuries from the equation.

 ### Do I have to have previous experience to participate? No experience required! Everybody had their first day and we hope you can have yours here with us.

 ### Are classes Co-Ed? Yes, we have both males and females in all our classes.

 ### What is a typical class like? We like to mix things up to keep it exciting, but a typical class will start off with a brief warm-up. Sometimes the warm-up will be calisthenic-type movements. Other times it will be a functional warm-up where we incorporate movements that will be used during the technique portion of the class. Then the bulk of the class will be spent performing techniques that the instructor demonstrates. The instructor will monitor and help you drill the moves correctly until you are able to perform them without help.

 ### What is the training schedule? See our Schedule for more information.

 ### What is No Gi and what is the attire? No-Gi is the common term for Jiu-Jitsu without the uniform. You will utilize many of the same concepts as the Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, but the grips are different since you do not have a uniform to grab. Typical attire is shorts and a t-shirt.

 ### What sort of pricing do we have? After your one-week free trial is complete, we will discuss the cost of membership with you (and your family). We offer different rates depending on the number of members in a household.

 ###### Quick Links

 ###### Get In Touch

 CONTACT US

 - 2716 Corner Ct. Alton, IL 62002

 Facebook-f Instagram

 © 2025 Alton Elite Jiu-Jitsu All Rights Reserved.
