---
source_url: http://diegobispoacademy.com
final_url: https://diegobispoacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:27.635Z
---

We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. By using our site, you consent to the use of cookies. Rejecting cookies will prevent non-essential cookies from loading.

 Ok

 Diego Bispo Academy
 @diegobispoacademy

 - HOME - ABOUT - PROGRAMS - SCHEDULE - PRICING - REGISTER NOW - CONTACT - FAQ - MEMBER PORTAL

 Diego Bispo Academy

 -
 - - Home - Schedule - About ProgramsPricing - Join the Family! - Contact - FAQ - Member Portal

 # Welcome to # Diego Bispo Academy

 # Welcome to # Diego Bispo Academy!

 ## Experience the transformative power of jiu jitsu and embark on a journey of personal improvement and self-discovery.

 ## Experience the transformative power of jiu jitsu and embark on a journey of personal improvement and self-discovery.

 Start Your Journey Today!

 Welcome to
 # Diego Bispo Academy

 ## Experience the transformative power of jiu jitsu and embark on a journey of personal improvement and self-discovery.

 Start Your Journey Today!

 # What You'll Gain With Us

 # Fitness

 The perfect way to work out. Like a chess game, Jiujitsu requires a high level of concentration proportional to the amount of calories burned and pounds lost.

 # Confidence

 Through consistent training and overcoming challenges on the mat, you'll build resilience and self-assurance. The emphasis on problem-solving and adapting to dynamic situations fosters a mindset of adaptability and confidence in one's abilities both within the realm of jiu jitsu and in everyday life.

 # Resilient Kids

 Our programs have been designed to provide children with the tools and skills they need to overcome daily obstacles, while giving you the parent a much needed break.

 # Community

 Training together in classes and working through techniques builds camaraderie and mutual respect. The supportive environment encourages teamwork and collaboration, as individuals help each other learn and grow. Ultimately, the community aspect of Jiu-Jitsu extends beyond the gym, creating lasting friendships and connections that enrich practitioners' lives.

 # What You'll Gain With Us

 - Fitness

 The perfect way to work out. Like a chess game, Jiujitsu requires a high level of concentration proportional to the amount of calories burned and pounds lost.

 - Confidence

 Through consistent training and overcoming challenges on the mat, you'll build resilience and self-assurance. The emphasis on problem-solving and adapting to dynamic situations fosters a mindset of adaptability and confidence in one's abilities both within the realm of jiu jitsu and in everyday life.

 - Resilient Kids

 Our programs have been designed to provide children with the tools and skills they need to overcome daily obstacles, while giving you the parent a much needed break.

 - Community

 Training together in classes and working through techniques builds camaraderie and mutual respect. The supportive environment encourages teamwork and collaboration, as individuals help each other learn and grow. Ultimately, the community aspect of Jiu-Jitsu extends beyond the gym, creating lasting friendships and connections that enrich practitioners' lives.

 # Take These 3 Steps Toward Your Goals:

 # Step 1

 # Contact our staff to find the program that fits your goals!

 Finding the right jiu-jitsu program tailored to your goals is a pivotal step in your journey. Whether you aspire to compete at a high level, improve your self-defense skills, or simply enjoy the physical and mental benefits of training, we will connect you with the perfect program to align with your aspirations.

 With classes for ages 3+, there's truly something here for everyone.

 CONTACT US

 # Step 2

 Come in for your first class!

 During your initial visit, we warmly welcome you to our academy, acquainting you with our policies and check-in procedures to ensure a seamless experience.
 From uniform guidelines to restroom locations, we prioritize your comfort in your newfound home away from home.
 Stepping onto the mat for the first time, our friendly and knowledgeable instructors will expertly guide you through your inaugural day, setting the stage for many rewarding experiences to follow.

 VIEW OUR SCHEDULE

 # Step 3

 Enjoy the Journey!

 With each step on the mat, you'll unravel the intricacies of the art, finding solace in the process and excitement in the pursuit of mastery.
 As you navigate through techniques with your fellow practitioners, you'll uncover resilience within yourself and forge bonds with your training partners.
 In every class, you'll find inspiration, challenge, and moments of triumph that will shape you both on and off the mat.
 Embrace the journey ahead, where every technique learned and every challenge overcome becomes a milestone in your personal growth.

 VIEW OUR PROGRAMS

 VOICES OF
 SATISFACTION

 Hear What Our Customers Are Saying!

 I came from out of town for a couple of weeks, and was looking for a place to train. Professor Diego welcomed me to his academy with open arms. The other students were friendly when I came to train. The academy is a great place to learn since everybody helps one another to improve their jiu jitsu. Professor Diego is attentive to his students needs, and I could tell thst he takes his teaching seriously. I encourage anybody that is interested in bjj to come train here.
 - Tim F.

 Diego Bispo Academy is amazing place. We moved here from the west coast earlier in the year and I'm always looking for new activities for my 2 boys to try. After a recommendation from a good friend we had them try this school. They instantly loved it. This place is all about good vibes and everyone is welcoming. I take my kids here so much, I figured I would give it a shot myself and now i'm hooked! If you want your kids to sit at home, watch tv, play on their ipads all day, nothing wrong with that, my kids do sometimes. But my kids also participate in a challenging, rewarding activity that will develop into real life practical use. Your kids will learn, respect, humility, grit, and most of all they will be "bullyproof"
 - Ericson R.

 I would like to give a big thanks to Diego. I was in town for a few days and dropped in for a two days of training. I am only a white belt so I don't know much, but the amount of attention and effort all the instructors give is amazing. My home gym is Legion in San Diego and Diego's gym gave me the same vibe that Legion does. I was able to jump into class and felt right at home, no weird feelings about being at a totally new gym. If or better yet when I end up in Virginia Beach again I'll be dropping in or possibly calling this place home!
 - Adan G.

 I took my 13-year-old son here to do the competition classes for a few days (we traveled 8 hours from Tennessee just to train here). All I can say is WOW! First, Professor Bispo welcomed both my son and I, and made us feel comfortable. Second, the competition classes and kids are high level for sure, and my son learned so much over the 3 days here. Third, Professor Bispo has an amazing relationship and connection with the kids, and the kids work hard for the professor and respect him!!
 I wish we lived closer to this gym, as it is clearly one of the best kids programs in the country!
 - Brian R.

 “This is a great choice for anyone! Top level instruction from an elite active world class competitor and black belt. Diego has bettered my game immensely. The team and atmosphere is all good vibes and friendliness. Whether you are a competitor or not, this is absolutely an incredible place to train. Check it out. Highly recommended.”
 - Jay

 I called ahead to see about dropping in. The voice over the phone was very welcoming and encouraged me to come in.
 I hit a no-gi night and was quickly introduced to a leg lock series! It was fast paced for advanced students yet slow enough for those who avoid grabbing ankles and heels.
 I stayed for an open rolls after class and every roll was different. Folks asked for my experience and injuries before rolling and everyone set a nice pace.
 Highly recommend for new students looking for a family oriented dojo and advanced students looking to excel their skills.
 - Alisha W.

 Diego Bispo Academy is an excellent environment for the entire family. My two boys are always excited to come and train here. This place is clean and well maintained.
 All the Professors are very knowledgeable, very humble, and very friendly. They make the kids have fun while learning. I highly recommend this gym to all ages.
 - Carlous C.

 Looking for a family oriented gym for my kid to start learning BJJ and we found it! Professor Diego (the owner) has a special talent all the kids love him! All of the staff are great with kids, you will not be disappointed if you decide to try it out!
 - Daniel S.

 ~ Aaron Rodgers

 Start Your Journey!

 REACH YOUR GOALS

 Fill out the form below to get started. Our world-class staff will contact you to get you registered for your first class!.

 QUESTIONS?

 Diego Bispo Academy
 509 Viking Drive
 Suite J
 Virginia Beach, VA 23452

 757-563-3432

 [email protected]

 First Name

 Last Name

 Email *

 Phone *

 Tell Us About Your Goals! *

 Teaching robots Jiu-Jitsu could lead to a world where even the toaster knows a mean armbar!

 I agree to terms & conditions provided by the company. By providing my phone number, I agree to receive text messages from the business.

 CONTACT US NOW

 ## PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE

 Copyright ©2023 All rights reserved

 Powered by Zen Planner
