---
source_url: https://yorktownbjj.com/schedule/
final_url: https://yorktownbjj.com/schedule/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:00.659Z
---

#### Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown ## Class Information
 - Please arrive early for class to check in and have all you need to start class on time. If you are late and class has already started, please wait by the edge of the mat for an instructor to greet you and work you into the class. Youth class cut-off time to join is 10min after class has begun. - Rashguards, not t-shirts or tank tops, are required in all classes, gi and no-gi. - Flip-flops are required to be worn while off the mats. Please use the foot scrub station prior to stepping on the mats.

 Monday - --- --- - Adult BJJ 12:00 - 1:30 pm - Jr Samurai (Ages 7-12) 5:30 - 6:30 pm - BJJ 101 7:00 - 8:30 pm - Advanced BJJ 7:00 - 8:30 pm

 Tuesday - --- --- - No Gi 12:00 - 1:30 pm - Little Samurai (Ages 4-6) 5:30 - 6:15 pm - Adult BJJ 7:00 - 8:30 pm

 Wednesday - --- --- - Adult BJJ 12:00 - 1:30 pm - Jr Samurai (Ages 7-12) 5:30 - 6:30 pm - BJJ 101 7:00 - 8:30 pm - Advanced BJJ 7:00 - 8:30 pm

 Thursday - --- --- - Adult BJJ 12:00 - 1:30 pm - Little Samurai (Ages 4-6) 5:30 - 6:15 pm - Adult BJJ 7:00 - 8:30 pm

 Friday - --- --- - Open Mat 12:00 - 1:30 pm - No GI 5:30 - 7:00 pm

 Saturday - Competition Practice 10:00 am - 11:30 am

 Sunday - Open Mat 11:00 am - 1:00 pm

 ## Visiting Yorktown and want to train? We warmly welcome out-of-town students to experience world-class Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu at Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown! Whether you’re here for a short stay or just passing through, join us on the mats and train alongside our dedicated team. Don’t miss the opportunity to enhance your skills and be part of our community!

 Learn More!

 #### Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown ## Get Started Today

 (757) 320-2161
 104 Production Dr, Yorktown, VA 23693
 Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown invites surrounding communities, including Seaford, Hampton, Smithfield, and more, to join us for world-class martial arts training in Yorktown. Conveniently located at 104 Production Dr, right across from American Pride Automotive – Yorktown, we’re here to help you start or continue your martial arts journey. Join us today!
