---
source_url: https://yorktownbjj.com/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://yorktownbjj.com/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:01.553Z
---

## Adult Jiu-Jitsu Program (Ages 13+)
 #### BJJ 101 The beginner student starts their journey as a white belt and can attend the BJJ 101 class, Fundamentals class and No-Gi class. We recommend the BJJ 101 class to anyone new or returning to Jiu-Jitsu. Our BJJ 101 program will help you achieve:
 - Body Awareness. - Understanding of basic Jiu-Jitsu. - Cardiovascular Endurance. - Strength and Flexibility. - Balance and Reflexes. - Long lasting friendships. - A safe environment to practice.

 #### Adult Fundamentals Understand in depth the Primary Combinations and Practice a broad variety of transitions from a position (scenario) to another as well as the skills necessary to participate in Free Practice (live grappling training or rolling). You will receive:
 - Understanding the Fundamentals and Principles of Jiu-Jitsu. - Cardiovascular Endurance. - Strength and Flexibility. - Balance and Reflexes. - Long lasting friendships. - A safe environment to practice.

 #### No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu No-Gi is a variation of Jiu-Jitsu without the Gi or Kimono. In this style you will learn how to develop different variety of leverage and grappling techniques. The No-Gi practices provide opportunities and basic knowledge for practitioners to transition or mix with other grappling modalities such as wrestling or Greco-Roman arts. Benefits of this class:
 - Build mental toughness and tenacity. - Improve your cardio endurance. - Enhance your timing and mobility. - Improve your competition skills. - Stress relief.

 #### Competition Practice The Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Association has a world presence in more than 12 countries and enlists some of the top world-renowned competitors. As a longtime part of the team, our academy provides training, methodology and support to anyone aiming to compete on amateur or professional levels. Our training camps will prepare you to face the toughest competitors in the industry covering technical training, physical conditioning, and mental mentorship.

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 #### Our Adults BJJ Program ## Also Includes:

 ##### Competition Practice Are you ready to take your skills to the next level? Well, you’ve come to the right place. Our Advanced/Competition BJJ class is designed to ensure each student is competition-ready. Taught by our most experienced instructors, you’ll soon be mastering advanced BJJ techniques and sparring like a pro.

 ##### Ladies-Only Training While women are encouraged to attend any of our classes, we wanted to create something that is specifically catered to the amazing women at Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown. This course is designed and planned for our female students. It focuses on self-defense for smaller individuals facing larger attackers, reaching fitness goals, and training with like-minded women.

 ##### No-Gi Training At Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown, self-defense and martial arts training go hand in hand. Though the application of self-defense is at the core of every class we teach, our No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu course prepares students like no other. No-Gi Jiu-Jitsu is unique because it ditches the martial arts uniform we’ve all become accustomed to and replaces it with shorts and a rash guard.

 #####

 ## FREE Tour & Trial! Ready to take the first step towards a stronger, more confident you? Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown is excited to offer an exclusive opportunity for new members!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: FREE Tour & Trial! ×

 #### Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown ## Get Started Today

 (757) 320-2161
 104 Production Dr, Yorktown, VA 23693
 Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown invites surrounding communities, including Seaford, Hampton, Smithfield, and more, to join us for world-class martial arts training in Yorktown. Conveniently located at 104 Production Dr, right across from American Pride Automotive – Yorktown, we’re here to help you start or continue your martial arts journey. Join us today!
