---
source_url: https://yorktownbjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
final_url: https://yorktownbjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=gbp
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:00:02.086Z
---

# Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown #### Self-Defense | Sport | Life-Style Get Started For Free Today!
 Pause Video

 ##### Limited Time Only: FREE Tour & Trial! ×

 #### Welcome To ## Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown
 We believe that BJJ education is just as much mental as it is physical. This principle is put into practice at our academy each and every day by our amazing instructors. Our team is committed to providing training that builds students’ strength, agility, maturity and confidence. At our school, you’re more than just a student- you are part of the family and team! Start your journey with us today!

 ## FREE Tour & Trial! Ready to take the first step towards a stronger, more confident you? Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown is excited to offer an exclusive opportunity for new members!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: FREE Tour & Trial! ×

 ## Programs

 ## Offers

 ## Schedule

 ## Learn More About Us:

 #### About Us: At Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown, we’re not just building amazing athletes-we are building amazing people. When it comes to deciding what your child’s after-school activity or your next challenge should be, there are many options. But none offer the same benefits as BJJ. And our academy is second to none in credibility, professionalism and experience. We are committed to providing an athletic experience that builds confidence, promote healthy habits, and empowers students to be the best versions of themselves.
 #### Our Mission: It is our primary objective to provide the Yorktown, Hampton Roads area with the highest standards of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instruction in a clean, safe, fun, family and team-oriented atmosphere. Our academy is proud to represent the Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Association, founded by BJJ legends and multiple-time World Champions Saulo and Xande Ribeiro. It is our purpose to continue to hold up the legacy of one of the most respected lineages and teams in BJJ.
 Learn More!

 ## Class Schedule! Stay up to date on class times! Contact us if you have any questions about our classes.

 View Schedule

 #### At Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown ## We promote a culture of positivity, empowerment and eagerness to problem solve when faced with a challenge.

 ##### Self-Defense BJJ is one of the most effective forms of self-defense training.

 ##### Community No other sport has a community like that of BJJ.

 ##### Confidence By taking care of your health, both physical & mental, you’ll feel great!

 ##### Discipline At Six Blades you’ll reach goals, work hard, and learn skills that last a lifetime.

 ##### Strength We create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 ##### We operate by our values as expressed in the meaning of the Six Blades: Family, Respect, Loyalty, Honor, Attitude and Discipline.

 #### Check Out ## What We've Been Up To:

 ## Family Discounts! At Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown in Yorktown, VA, we believe in the power of family and the importance of training together. To help families stay active, healthy, and connected, we’re thrilled to offer special family discounts!

 Get Started Today!
 ##### Limited Time Only: Save Money When You Sign Up With The Family! ×

 ## Don't Take Our Word For It:

 The goal is to learn at your pace, advance, and be respectful of others. All in all it has been a great experience so far and I would recommend to anybody...

 Joe G.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Facebook

 I genuinely cannot recommend this gym enough for anyone looking to get into jiu jitsu or anyone just looking for a new physical outlet.

 Trevor J.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 We can tell that everyone there loves teaching and working with all of the children there. We are so happy we discovered Ribeiro Jiu Jitsu. Please come there and give it a try.

 Tanesha W.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Facebook

 11/10 Nicest mats in the area! Amazing Male and Female instructors with passion! Only gym I’ve found with morning class options. Would recommend to anyone wanting to grow.

 Willow K.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 After only one year of training here at RJJ Yorktown with Ben Eaton, I'm amazed by the valuable knowledge, skills, and discipline I've gained, and I have gotten in much better...

 Tanner G.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Google

 An amazing environment where your strength, endurance and mental focus is tested! Everyone is treated like family and encouraged to keep coming back!

 Eric H.
 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ , Facebook

 ### Contact Us Today! Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown invites surrounding communities, including Seaford, Hampton, Smithfield, and more, to join us for world-class martial arts training in Yorktown. Conveniently located at 104 Production Dr, right across from American Pride Automotive – Yorktown, we’re here to help you start or continue your martial arts journey. Join us today!

 (757) 320-2161
 104 Production Dr, Yorktown, VA 23693
 Get Directions

 ### Six Blades Jiu-Jitsu Yorktown 104 Production Dr, Yorktown, VA 23693
 Get Directions
