---
source_url: http://wix.to/FkQnz7r?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile
final_url: https://www.triuneoftexasbjj.com/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile&utm_source=google&utm_medium=wix_google_business_profile
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:33.256Z
---

# TRIUNE OF TEXAS BJJ
 " Every day , in e very way , I'm getting b etter. "

 ## - FREE TRIAL -
 We offer a free trial period for those wanting to check out our gym before committing to membership. Get ahold of professor Jimmy at (254) 732-2339 to set up your trial period!

 ## ABOUT US
 At Triune Of Texas we believe that in order to excel at anything in life, you should possess solid values and a strong character that develop the dedication needed to achieve your goals. Our exceptional team of instructors are here to inspire you to be your very best. Joining us will give you the all-important inner strength to navigate our complex world with confidence and drive, all while learning in a family friendly environment. Our goal is the serve the Hewitt/Woodway and greater Waco, Texas area!
 Come join the Triune family!

 ## Our Philosophy
 There are so many good reasons to join Triune of Texas! We believe martial arts are a gateway to improving your life in many ways. Some arrive at our gym in search of developing confidence and physical fitness. Others are looking to generate a sense of courage and inner peace. There are even those who are drawn to this art form by their love of the culture and tradition it embodies. Whatever your motivation, you will discover an inspiring world of self-transformation. We believe Triune of Texas is more than just a team, but rather more of a family. Join us! You will be grateful you did.

 ## Triune - The #1 Ranked Martial Arts School in Hewitt, TX!
