---
source_url: http://www.sampabjj.com/
final_url: https://sampabjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:05:49.300Z
---

# CLAIM NOW YOUR TWO WEEKS FREE AND START ON A JOURNEY TO REACH YOUR FULL POTENTIAL WITH SAMPA MARTIAL ARTS AND FITNESS! Get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!
 Request more information today to find out how you or your child can start training
 GET STARTED TODAY

 Limited Time & Availability 10:00

 ACCESS OUR SCHEDULE &
 Claim Your Two weeks free trial NOW!
 Secure your spot and get started today with our EXCLUSIVE offer!

 - Full Name - Email - Phone Number - Program Select a Program Judo and Sambo 5 am and 6 am Jiu Jitsu Kid’s Martial Arts/Jiu Jitsu Adult Jiu Jitsu Teen’s Martial Arts/Jiu Jitsu No Gi Jiu Jitsu/MMA Kid’s Kickboxing Adult Kickboxing Boxing Self Defense Women Jiu Jitsu and Kickboxing -

 By opting into the web form above you are providing consent for Sampa Martial Arts and Fitness to send you periodic text messages. Standard rates may apply. You can reply HELP at anytime to learn more. You may opt-out anytime by replying STOP.

 ## Select a Program

 Kid’s Martial Arts/Jiu Jitsu
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Teen’s Martial Arts/Jiu Jitsu
 Instead of giving into the moodiness and attitude, take them to our martial arts school instead!
 View Program

 Adult Jiu Jitsu
 Get in Shape and Harness Your Body’s Capabilities with Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu!
 View Program

 Women Jiu Jitsu and Kickboxing
 Discover the power of Glendora women jiu jitsu kickboxing at Sampa Martial Arts and Fitness, where we blend high-energy workouts with martial arts techniques to transform your fitness journey.
 View Program

 No Gi Jiu Jitsu/MMA
 Whether for competition or fitness, challenge your body with our MMA classes!
 View Program

 Kid’s Kickboxing
 Give your kids the lifelong gifts of personal success, confidence, discipline, and self-defense!
 View Program

 Adult Kickboxing
 Are you tired of the same cardio workouts? Come see results and have some FUN.
 View Program

 Boxing
 Our boxing classes were designed by our coaches after their experience training boxing for amateur fights as well as for MMA amateur and pro fights.
 View Program

 Self Defense
 Prepare to defend yourself in any situation - go beyond traditional martial arts and learn how to fight!
 View Program

 Judo and Sambo
 View Program

 Build character and leadership qualities
 ## DISCIPLINE & CONFIDENCE! Martial arts classes benefit growing children far beyond the dojo and in many real-world scenarios. Our structured classes are meant to help develop coordination, physical fitness, mental strength, as well as gain valuable social skills. Through positive reinforcement, we can bring out the best in your children to help them succeed in life.
 VIEW OUR KID’S MARTIAL ARTS PROGRAM

 Ako Yonezawa What not to love this place?? My son has been with Sampa for 2 years and he loves this place so much that he literately goes there 7 days a week! Great coaches and staff! They genuinely care about their students.

 Al Gonzales I have been in martial arts for most of my life and I can say that I love everything about sampa, All the instructor are great .when it came time to put my 7 year old son in jiu jitsu I looked around even out of my area.we made sampa to be place we call home..
 Thank you Sampa Family.....

 Jennifer Garcia Super friendly environment! Great coaches!! It’s like a big family, everyone just pushing each other to do better!

 Anastasia Lomas Sampa is a top tier BJJ academy. The inside is huge with plenty of room, the staff is always friendly and informative, the students have a reciprocating desire to learn and get better, and the instructors are passionate and patient to teach and excited to see you succeed. Professor Nathan Basseto is incredible and I highly recommend him

 Kris Freeman Sampa is big enough to keep u learning and changing but small enough to be friendly, inviting and oh so challenging. If you want to work out and never be bored, u got to join a bootcamp session. It is awesome. Julie is the best! Always on point! She knows her stuff and is always willing to help you be a better you. Very cool gym!

 Melissa Obeidat Hands down the best choice I ever made for my son. He’s learned discipline, has more confidence, and can defend himself.
 Clean facility, amazing staff, and Prof. Renato is very involved with his students.

 Monica Killen If you are looking for a BJJ academy that stays true to the art of BJJ, this place is it. Sampa is owned by a globally recognized 4th degree black belt named Professor Renato Migliaccio. Prof. Renato strives to provide high quality BJJ classes and it shows through his continued practice to maintain training in BJJ and other mixed martial arts. Prof. Renato has the ability to recognize the interests and athletic needs of the community he serves. I highly recommend this academy for children as young as 3 up to adults. If you come to Sampa you will be warmly welcomed to the Sampa family.

 Ryan Blau My son and I are training here together and both love it. Great academy with a family feel!

 Get fit while learning martial arts
 ## IMPROVE FLEXIBILITY, BALANCE, AND STRENGTH Learn self-defense, build confidence, and get in the best shape of your lives! Martial arts has tons of physical, mental and social benefits, suitable for anyone and everyone. Become part of something positive and learn new skills from trained martial arts professionals. It’s easy to get started—Enroll in martial arts classes today!
 View Our Adult Martial Arts Program

 MARTIAL ARTS & LIFE SKILL TIPS
 ## RECENT BLOG POSTS
 When you Joining Sampa Jiu Jitsu – Martial arts in Glendora and Fontana
 You are not joining a neighborhood studio. You are joining an international organization built on standards, structure, and long-term vision. Although Sampa is family-run, it operates globally. We have produced more than 60 black belts worldwide and have over 1000 students under the Sampa flag, across different countries. That scale reflects consistency, leadership, and a […]
 READ MORE »

 Sampa 15th Anniversary
 Dear Sampa Families, We are excited to invite you to a very special event celebrating Sampa Jiu Jitsu’s 15-year anniversary. This milestone represents not only our journey, but the strength of the community we have built together. The event will take place in Big Bear, at a basketball court inside City Hall (full address and […]
 READ MORE »

 Sport vs. Physical Education — Understanding the Difference
 During my graduate studies, one concept became very clear: Sport and physical education are not the same thing, even though many people treat them as interchangeable. Sport, by definition, is oriented toward performance. It is built around results—winning, rankings, medals, and progression within a competitive structure. At higher levels, this often comes with trade-offs. Athletes […]
 READ MORE »
