---
source_url: https://tooelemartialartsacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
final_url: https://tooelemartialartsacademy.com/classes/Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu-
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:03.033Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes In Tooele

 ## Master The Art Of Traditional And No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Today! At Tooele Martial Arts Academy, we offer comprehensive coaching for two distinct styles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Traditional Sport Jiu-Jitsu , complete with full Gi's AND No-Gi Self-Defense , designed for real-world safety.
 Whether you're trying out the discipline for the very first time or you're hoping to take your skills to the next level. We've got you covered.
 Join us in Tooele and check it out today! Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started.
 ## Why Is Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Program Right For You? BJJ is a ground-based self-defense style that has swept the world with popularity. It is used by people of all ages and abilities to accomplish everything from improved fitness to everyday safety.
 And at Tooele Martial Arts Academy, we're committed to offering you the highest quality instruction with hands-on coaching and a support system that can't be matched.
 Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Tooele include:
 Traditional Sport Jiu-Jitsu: This program is led by Professor Gustavo Rodrigues, a 3rd Degree BJJ Black Belt, and includes the traditional belt progression system and full Gi uniforms. Our focus in this program is equipping you with competition-style strategies that can prepare you to overcome an opponent of any size or strength. In no time, you learn:
 - How to establish leverage over an opponent - Timing and strategy on the mat - Tools to maintain control from any position - Effective submission techniques
 No-Gi Self-Defense Training: Our No-Gi classes are designed to prepare you for real-world altercations and dangerous situations. We train in normal athletic wear instead of the traditional Gi and teach you how to maintain control over an opponent without the rules and restrictions of competition. This program is great for:
 - Improved situational awareness - Precise and powerful self-defense skills - Ground-based fighting strategies that can keep you out of harm's way - Complete confidence in the face of danger
 ## Get Started Today! Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Is Truly The Best In All Of Tooele! We are proud to train men and women of all backgrounds and abilities and we can't wait for you to see it for yourself. Our Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes can help make your goals a reality in no time - whether that's high-level competitions or just everyday safety and self-defense.
 Come see us at Tooele Martial Arts Academy and get more from your body than you ever thought possible. Just fill out the short form on your screen to get started today!

 #### Share this post! - Share on Facebook - Share on Twitter

 - - -

 ## Tooele's Home For Better Martial Arts Training Request information

 The humor alone will make your abs burn. Amazing, supportive, authentic people who care about your progress and aren’t shy to give a helping hand or pass out a genuine pointer about technique. You get out what you put in and these people put in their all!

 This place is amazing! Keith is amazing with ALL of the kids and so are the other coaches. The price is a great deal. I have 3 kids going and my youngest doesn't sit very long thru anything, but when he is here he sits and listens better than I have ever seen! Me and my kids love it here!

 I know how intimidating it is to walk into a new gym alone and not knowing anyone. I did it over 4 years ago and I’m so glad I did. TMAA has become my second home. The instructors are very good and actually want to see you succeed in your goals, no matter what your goals are. There is no pressure to compete or fight; but if you want to Keith and his staff will get you there!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
