---
source_url: https://tooelemartialartsacademy.com
final_url: https://tooelemartialartsacademy.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T22:59:03.553Z
---

Join Us at Tooele Martial Arts Academy For Cutting-Edge BJJ, Muay Thai, And More # Serving You With The Best Martial Arts Training In Tooele!
 Request more information

 Improving Your Skills One Step At A Time ## Tooele Martial Arts Academy Welcome to Tooele Martial Arts Academy, where we're helping people of all abilities improve every single day. We are a full-spectrum training facility. What does that mean? Here at TMAA, we offer Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Thai, GI and No-GI Jiu-Jitsu, plus Women's Self-Defense and more! We proudly train experienced athletes and complete beginners alike and we're ready to get started today. Learn more about everything we have to offer by simply filling out the short form on your screen!

 - - -

 Our Location ## Tooele View Our Location

 Membership ## Check our membership plans ### One Week of FREE Training!

 FREE / 1 Week

 The humor alone will make your abs burn. Amazing, supportive, authentic people who care about your progress and aren’t shy to give a helping hand or pass out a genuine pointer about technique. You get out what you put in and these people put in their all!
 #### Rebecca A.

 This place is amazing! Keith is amazing with ALL of the kids and so are the other coaches. The price is a great deal. I have 3 kids going and my youngest doesn't sit very long thru anything, but when he is here he sits and listens better than I have ever seen! Me and my kids love it here!
 #### Shalie B.

 I know how intimidating it is to walk into a new gym alone and not knowing anyone. I did it over 4 years ago and I’m so glad I did. TMAA has become my second home. The instructors are very good and actually want to see you succeed in your goals, no matter what your goals are. There is no pressure to compete or fight; but if you want to Keith and his staff will get you there!
 #### Jamie R.

 TMAA has great coaching and a wide range of students. The facilities are large and kept clean. there is a wonderful family atmosphere at this gym.
 #### Addam T.

 Highly recommend this place! Keith is amazing with all the kids! My son has sensory processing disorder and ju jistu has helped him so much! All the instructions are very friendly and care about the kids. We can't say enough great things about them!
 #### Megan R.

 Get Started Today! ## Request More Information

 The humor alone will make your abs burn. Amazing, supportive, authentic people who care about your progress and aren’t shy to give a helping hand or pass out a genuine pointer about technique. You get out what you put in and these people put in their all!

 This place is amazing! Keith is amazing with ALL of the kids and so are the other coaches. The price is a great deal. I have 3 kids going and my youngest doesn't sit very long thru anything, but when he is here he sits and listens better than I have ever seen! Me and my kids love it here!

 I know how intimidating it is to walk into a new gym alone and not knowing anyone. I did it over 4 years ago and I’m so glad I did. TMAA has become my second home. The instructors are very good and actually want to see you succeed in your goals, no matter what your goals are. There is no pressure to compete or fight; but if you want to Keith and his staff will get you there!

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
