---
source_url: http://www.teamjunqueira.com/classes
final_url: https://www.teamjunqueira.com/classes
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:46.056Z
---

# Our Jiu-Jitsu Classes Your membership gives you unlimited access to our Fundamentals Program, Advanced Technique Training, Takedown Class, Competition Training and Open Mats.
 Class descriptions below.

 Get Started

 ### Adult fundamentals & advanced jiu-jitsu In the fundamentals class, students will review and drill the basic techniques of jiu-jitsu followed by a couple of rounds of live training. The advanced class includes more complex jiu-jitsu techniques and longer training rounds. All students are welcome to both classes.

 ### kids fundamentals & COMPETITION jiu-jitsu The kid's program is very much like the adult's program. Children will learn the basics of jiu-jitsu, practice their techniques and perform live training. Competition classes are currently by invite only with a focus on more demanding training sessions.

 ### takedown class - GI & NO GI Most confrontations start standing up, so you better know how to get it to the ground to leverage your jiu-jitsu. Takedown class goes over basic and advanced techniques for controlling your opponent on the feet.

 ### competition training - gi & no gi If you're looking to really test yourself and your jiu-jitsu, come train with us Sunday morning! Longer, more intense rounds are the objective to get you ready for the demands of competition. Even if you're not competing, this class is a great way to test your skills and your cardio.

 ### OPEN MAT If you need to brush up on techniques or get a couple of extra rolls in for the week, open mats are the perfect time to practice. Open Mats follow a looser format and help you refine your jiu-jitsu. All belts are welcome.

 Get Started
