---
source_url: http://nashvillemma.com/classes/Kids-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://nashvillemma.com/classes/Kids-Brazilian-Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:55.855Z
---

# Kids BJJ Classes In Nashville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Nashville MMA Training Camp. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Our Kids BJJ Classes Keep Students Active And Excited To Train Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu program is specifically designed to introduce children to the art and techniques of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu in a safe, structured, and fun environment. We’re helping kids from across all of Nashville develop their confidence, discipline, self-defense skills, and overall physical fitness.

 Our Kids BJJ classes are offered in two age groups: ages 6-9 and ages 10-14. Just fill out the short form below to get started!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 #### From Fitness To Self-Defense, Our Kids BJJ Class Has It All At Nashville MMA, we're not here to teach students how to fight. But we do offer effective self-defense and conflict resolution strategies for the moments of conflict that are simply unavoidable.
 With Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes, your child can build confidence in themselves one day at a time. BJJ is a ground-based discipline that takes strength and size almost completely out of the equation. Instead, it focuses on establishing proper leverage and technique to overcome an opponent.
 With us, your child can:
 - Build strength, coordination, and speed - Learn how to maintain control in a tense situation - Protect themselves and the people around them - Walk away with incredible self-confidence and lifelong habits of physical activity
 Plus, we offer opportunities throughout the year for your child to compete in Jiu-Jitsu tournaments ! Competitions allow kids to test their skills and grow their confidence as they roll and compete for the chance to win belts and medals.
 #### #### Your Child Will Be Thrilled From Day One In Our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes. Join Us In Nashville Today! We're proud to work with students of all ages and abilities. Give your child the opportunity to develop essential life skills, build confidence, improve their physical fitness, and have a great time while learning self-defense techniques.
 Take the first step today by filling out the short form below to learn more about our Kids BJJ program, class schedules, and how to enroll your child.
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!
 ### Areas We Serve: - Nashville - Antioch - Hermitage - Goodlettesville - Bellevue - Green Hills - Brentwood - Franklin - Smyrna - Belle Meade - Berry Hill - East Nashville - North Nashville - Madison - Old Hickory

 Great experience friendly staff super clean and diverse facility beginner friendly and most of all very fun and friendly. Thanks Austin!

 By far the best gym in and around Nashville. Whether you’re training to be a fighter, get in shape or learn self-defense Nashville MMA is the place to be!

 This place has it all. The rounds at open mat were excellent, very welcoming and friendly environment. If I were a Nashville resident I would be training here permanently.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
