---
source_url: http://nashvillemma.com/classes/Jiu-Jitsu
final_url: https://nashvillemma.com/classes/Jiu-Jitsu
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:56.218Z
---

# Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Nashville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Nashville MMA Training Camp. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Get Started With The Best Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Training in Nashville! Jiu-Jitsu is a martial art and combat sport that focuses on ground fighting and grappling techniques. It was developed from traditional Japanese Jiu-Jitsu and adapted by the Gracie family in Brazil. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu emphasizes leverage, technique, and submissions to overcome larger and stronger opponents, making it particularly effective for self-defense.
 Join us at Nashville MMA Training Camp and experience the art of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Whether you're looking to gain self-defense skills, improve your physical fitness, or engage in the competitive aspect of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, our program offers a well-rounded and enriching experience for men and women across Nashville. Just fill out the short form below to learn more!
 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!

 #### #### Learn Real Self-Defense With Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu In Nashville BJJ empowers individuals with practical self-defense skills rooted in leverage and control, making it ideal for real-world situations. For those interested in competition, Jiu-Jitsu offers a dynamic and strategic sport that challenges both the body and mind while fostering personal growth and discipline.
 In Jiu-Jitsu, students will learn a wide array of techniques such as joint locks, chokes, sweeps, and positional control. Jiu-Jitsu places a strong emphasis on timing, strategy, and body mechanics, allowing practitioners to effectively neutralize an opponent's strength and size advantage.
 Our Jiu-Jitsu program is led by 3rd degree black belt and founder of Matrix Jiu-Jitsu, Bryan Tidwell. He has designed a comprehensive curriculum for individuals of all skill levels, developed to help students progress quickly focusing on fundamental movements and techniques while also embracing the new era of Jiu-Jitsu and his personal Matrix style.
 We offer several Gi and No-Gi Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu classes to cater to all levels:
 - Fundamentals: Designed specifically for beginners and those looking to solidify their understanding of the foundational principles of Jiu-Jitsu, this class is perfect for anyone new to BJJ or seeking to reinforce their core skills. You'll learn essential techniques, positions, and movements from the ground up. - Intermediate: Our BJJ Intermediate class is suitable for practitioners of intermediate skill levels, from beginners to experienced practitioners. This class offers a well-rounded training experience, combining elements of both fundamental and advanced techniques. We cover a wide range of positions, submissions, sweeps, and transitions, catering to the diverse needs of our students. - BJJ Advanced: Our BJJ Advanced class is tailored for experienced practitioners who are looking to refine their techniques, expand their knowledge, and take their game to the next level. In this class, we explore intricate techniques, advanced submissions, strategic concepts, and competition strategies. This class is designed to help you develop a deeper understanding of BJJ, refine your skill set, and excel in the sport. - Women-Only Jiu-Jitsu: We’re proud to offer women-only Jiu-Jitsu classes designed to create a comfortable, empowering training environment. Check our schedule to see current times for our female-only sessions!
 Whether you're interested in self-defense, competition, or improving your overall fitness , our Jiu-Jitsu classes provide a welcoming and supportive environment to learn and grow.
 #### #### Begin Your BJJ Journey At Nashville MMA Training Camp Today! Contact us today to learn more about our Jiu-Jitsu program, class schedules, and how to get started on your Jiu-Jitsu journey.
 Just fill out the form below to get started!

 REQUEST MORE INFORMATION!
 ### Areas We Serve: - Nashville - Antioch - Hermitage - Goodlettesville - Bellevue - Green Hills - Brentwood - Franklin - Smyrna - Belle Meade - Berry Hill - East Nashville - North Nashville - Madison - Old Hickory

 Great experience friendly staff super clean and diverse facility beginner friendly and most of all very fun and friendly. Thanks Austin!

 By far the best gym in and around Nashville. Whether you’re training to be a fighter, get in shape or learn self-defense Nashville MMA is the place to be!

 This place has it all. The rounds at open mat were excellent, very welcoming and friendly environment. If I were a Nashville resident I would be training here permanently.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
