---
source_url: http://nashvillemma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
final_url: https://nashvillemma.com/classes/Kids-Martial-Arts
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:14:56.537Z
---

# Kids Martial Arts in Nashville ### Request More Information ### Request More Information By submitting your information you consent to receive marketing/promotional sms & email messages from Nashville MMA Training Camp. Reply HELP for more assistance. Reply STOP to opt-out of messaging. Messages & Data rates may apply. Message frequency will vary. You must be 18 years of age or older.

 Request More Information

 ## Our Kids Martial Arts programs are the top in the Nashville area! Check out our class options below for Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Kids Fitness in Nashville.
 #### Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Give your child the best ground-based self-defense skills with our Kids Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Classes in Nashville. We're helping students have fun training and staying active. Learn more or get started today!
 Learn More

 #### Youth Fitness Our Kids Fitness Classes at Nashville MMA Training Camp combine basic striking techniques with a focus on functional fitness, helping children develop motor skills, speed, agility, and a strong foundation for lifelong health. It's a fun and supportive environment where kids can learn to work out safely, build confidence, and make new friends.
 Learn More

 ### ### Areas We Serve: - Nashville - Antioch - Hermitage - Goodlettesville - Bellevue - Green Hills - Brentwood - Franklin - Smyrna - Belle Meade - Berry Hill - East Nashville - North Nashville - Madison - Old Hickory

 Great experience friendly staff super clean and diverse facility beginner friendly and most of all very fun and friendly. Thanks Austin!

 By far the best gym in and around Nashville. Whether you’re training to be a fighter, get in shape or learn self-defense Nashville MMA is the place to be!

 This place has it all. The rounds at open mat were excellent, very welcoming and friendly environment. If I were a Nashville resident I would be training here permanently.

 ### Request Information Now!

 We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. We use this information to deliver content, maintain security, enable user choice, improve our sites, and for marketing purposes. You must be 18 years of age or older to use this site. View our Privacy Policy to learn more.
 Accept
