---
source_url: http://www.bendermartialarts.com
final_url: https://www.bendermartialarts.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:10:09.022Z
---

# Learn Jiujitsu, Thai Boxing and more in Chicago's Andersonville

 Learn Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Submission Grappling, Wrestling, and Judo for children and adults of all ages and skill levels in Chicago.
 - Kids Class - Adult Class - One-on-One Training
 Start your martial arts journey!

 EMAIL TO SCHEDULE YOUR FREE TRIAL CLASS

 Bender Martial Arts and Fitness specializes in training for children and adults of all skill levels. Going into a large jiujitsu academy and seeing the higher ranks flying around, throwing each other to the Earth and cranking on each other's limbs can be very intimidating. Training one on one or in small groups will provide you with the confidence and techniques you need to thrive in all jiujitsu environments.

 Uncomfortable with the idea of someone being so close to you while sweaty? Have issues with personal space? Slightly claustrophobic? There are many benefits to pushing yourself into uncomfortable positions and challenging your comfort zone. Specifically, when training for self-defense the more comfortable you are with uncomfortable positions the calmer you will be if you ever need to defend yourself. There is no better way to prepare for the worst than by training with the best in a safe and fun environment. On the whole, most people find this discomfort to be something they quickly get over.

 My extensive study of how we learn gives me confidence in my ability to help beginners learn at a faster rate than they might in other environments. I teach techniques in systems that reinforce comprehension and allow retention at a higher rate than normal.

 View fullsize Individualized Martial Arts Training

 View fullsize One-on-One Muay Thai

 View fullsize Kids Build Confidence Learning Martial Arts

 View fullsize Black Belt Ceremony at Carlson Gracie HQ

 View fullsize BJJ White Stripe Ceremony

 View fullsize Women's Self Defense Training

 # Visit us in Andersonville, not far from Ravenswood and Edgewater
