---
source_url: http://phantombjj.com
final_url: https://www.phantombjj.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:15:15.531Z
---

## Self-defense skills

 ## Self-defense skills
 Learning Brazilian Jiu Jitsu techniques can provide valuable self-defense skills that can be used in real-life situations.

 ## Stress relief

 ## Stress relief
 Engaging in intense physical activity can help reduce stress and promote mental well-being.

 ## Fun and enjoyable

 ## Fun and enjoyable
 Many people find Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training to be a fun and enjoyable way to stay active and challenge themselves physically and mentally.

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Fitness Routine that Works for You

 Become a member

 PandasGive your child confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills with the Pandas program at Phantom BJJ in Maple Valley, WA. Enroll today!Learn More About Pandas
 Jr'sBuild confidence, strength, and discipline with the Jr's program at Phantom BJJ in Maple Valley, WA. Expert training for ages 7-14 +. Enroll today!Learn More About Jr's
 AdultsElevate your skills with Phantom BJJ's Adults Gi & No-Gi program in Maple Valley, WA. Build strength, technique, and confidence with expert training. Join today!Learn More About Adults

 ## EVERY BODY IS UNIQUE.
 Find a Fitness Routine that Works for You

 Start your free trial

 PandasGive your child confidence, discipline, and self-defense skills with the Pandas program at Phantom BJJ in Maple Valley, WA. Enroll today!Learn More About Pandas
 Jr'sBuild confidence, strength, and discipline with the Jr's program at Phantom BJJ in Maple Valley, WA. Expert training for ages 7-14 +. Enroll today!Learn More About Jr's
 AdultsElevate your skills with Phantom BJJ's Adults Gi & No-Gi program in Maple Valley, WA. Build strength, technique, and confidence with expert training. Join today!Learn More About Adults

 ## Getting Started Is Easy
 1

 ### Try a Free Training
 To begin your journey with us, simply sign up for our introductory classes online or visit our gym to meet our friendly staff. No prior experience is required; we welcome all skill levels and ages.

 2

 ### Choose Your Training Regime
 Once you've started, our expert instructors will work with you to establish personalized goals tailored to your aspirations and abilities. Whether it's mastering a specific technique, improving fitness levels, or competing, we'll create a roadmap to help you achieve success.

 3

 ### Transform your life
 Picture yourself confidently executing techniques, achieving milestones, and surpassing your goals. With our supportive community and dedication to your progress, success in martial arts becomes not just a possibility, but a reality. Join us today and commit to becoming the best version of yourself both on and off the mats.

 ## Everything You Need To Crush Your Fitness Goals

 ### Competition

 ### Personal Training

 ### Class Reservations

 ### Changing Rooms for Before + After Workouts

 ### Weekly Accountability Check-ins

 ## A community that will keep you going
 Welcome to Phantom Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, your home for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu excellence! Our experienced trainers are passionate about guiding you through the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, ensuring that you feel supported and empowered every step of the way.

 In the world of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, we learn the value of discipline, perseverance, and resilience. These qualities extend far beyond the octagon, helping us overcome challenges and achieve our goals in every area of life. Whether you're facing a tough opponent or navigating the obstacles of daily life, the skills you develop in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu will empower you to face them head-on with confidence and determination.

 More than just a gym, we're a community united by a shared passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and a commitment to personal growth, fostering an environment where every member can evolve into their best selves, both in and out of the cage.

 (Select Location)
 Tab 1 Tab 2 Tab 3

 ## Conveniently located at 4 corners in maple valley
 ### 26207 Maple Valley Black Diamond Road Se, Maple Valley, WA 98038

 get directions

 Working out at the gym isn't easy. But getting there shouldn't be hard. Phantom Brazilian Jiu-jitsu is located and easily accessible from all of Maple Valley.

 Maple Valley

 ## Trusted and Loved By Hundreds of Maple Valley, WA Residents

 ## Questions? We have the answers!
 Still curious? Talk to us!
 +1 425-598-7382 Contact Us

 How do I sign up for a free trial?

 Schedule your free trial with us by filling out the contact form with all of your details, and we will contact you to schedule your free trial.

 How long does it take to see results in BJJ?

 Results in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu take time and dedication, but with consistent training, you'll notice improvements. Beginners often see progress within the first month, including enhanced strength, technique, and overall fitness as you adapt to the demands of the mat.

 Do I get the chance to meet new friends through BJJ?

 Absolutely! Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu fosters a strong sense of community. In our classes, you'll have plenty of opportunities to meet and train with fellow practitioners. You'll not only build friendships but also create a supportive network as you learn and grow together on the mats.

 What sets you apart from other BJJ academies?

 At our academy, located in the heart of Maple Valley Wa. you're not just joining a gym; you're becoming part of a close-knit community that shares your passion for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We believe in lifting each other up—when you succeed on the mats, we all celebrate together. Our supportive environment encourages personal growth, skill development, and lasting friendships, making your BJJ journey truly unique.

 How often do you recommend training in BJJ classes?

 For beginners in BJJ, we recommend starting with 2 to 4 classes per week. This allows you to gradually adapt to the techniques and physical demands of the sport. As you build your skills and conditioning, aim to work up to 5 classes a week after your initial months. Remember, BJJ is both physically and mentally challenging, so it's important to listen to your body and incorporate recovery time between training sessions to ensure optimal progress and avoid burnout. Consistency is key, but quality training sessions are essential for your growth on the mats!

 What should I wear for BJJ Training?

 Please wear comfortable sweats with no zippers or buttons and a t-shirt or athletic clothing, and we'll take care of the rest! After you sign up students usually wear a gi (uniform) for traditional classes or rash guards and shorts /spats for no-gi sessions. It's important to choose high-quality gear that fits well and meets competition standards.

 Do you provide free refreshments there?

 We have filtered water available to our members.

 Do I have to be physically fit to start BJJ?

 No! You don’t need to be fit to start Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. Our program is designed for all fitness levels, and every class will help you improve your fitness, technique, and confidence on the mats. Whether you're a complete beginner or have some experience, our training is universally scalable, ensuring that anyone dedicated to learning can succeed and progress.

 What payment methods do you accept?

 We take all major credit cards and debit cards. We do not accept personal checks.

 What types of drills and techniques can I expect during a BJJ training session?

 In our BJJ-focused classes, you can expect a mix of strength training and skill development. Each session typically includes: ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ BJJ Drills: Practice specific techniques and skills, such as escapes, submissions, and guard passing, tailored to improve your grappling. Conditioning Workouts: Short, intense sessions designed to boost your endurance and functional fitness, helping you perform better on the mats. These workouts usually last between 5 to 20 minutes. Whether you're honing your skills or building strength, our classes are designed to elevate your BJJ journey!

 Can BJJ help with weight loss and overall fitness?

 Yes, BJJ is a full-body workout that can aid in weight loss, improve cardiovascular health, and enhance overall fitness. Training sessions involve intense physical activity, including cardio, strength training, and flexibility exercises.

 ## Embrace change. Your journey to self-improvement starts with a single decision. Start your free trial
