---
source_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com/programs/jiu-jitsu-kids/
final_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com/programs/jiu-jitsu-kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:07.605Z
---

## Jiu Jitsu Kids
 #### Health Benefits Childhood obesity is a growing problem in the U.S. The CDC found that 1 in 5 American children and adolescents deal with obesity. This statistic is particularly worrying, as childhood obesity can often lead to diabetes and high blood pressure, as well as a slew of other health issues later in life. Not to mention, childhood obesity has a highly negative impact on kids’ self-esteem and mental health. One of the best ways to avoid or combat childhood obesity? Regular physical activity. NHS recommends that children aged 1-4 should be physically active for about 3 hours a day. By introducing your child to a healthy and active lifestyle at an early age, you are setting a precedent for the rest of their life.

 #### Life Lessons In martial arts, strengthening your mind is just as important as strengthening your body. The martial arts are founded on principles of self-discipline, mental strength, patience, peace, and respect for your elders. Here at Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, we instill these values in our students from day one. Not only do these principles create a safe learning environment, but they push even our youngest students to be the very best they can be. Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa’s Jiu Jitsu Kids classes aren’t just about preparing our students for their future in martial arts – it’s about preparing them for their future in the classroom, with their friends, and at home!

 #### Fun! Some of our kids may go on to earn their red belt one day, while others may eventually leave our gym to explore other interests – and both are okay! At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, our main goal for our youngest martial artists is simply to teach them just how fun exercise can really be. We keep classes exciting by incorporating various different activities, exercise routines, and team-building games. We want our students to look forward to getting active, not dread it!

 #### No Excuses! Start with a FREE Week! Sign Up Today!

 ##### Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa Special Offer ×

 #### Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa ## Get Started Today

 (909) 810-9807
 32355 Yucaipa Blvd, Unit 3 and 4, Yucaipa, California 92399
 Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!
