---
source_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
final_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com/programs/adult-jiu-jitsu/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:08.155Z
---

## Adult Jiu Jitsu
 #### Grappling While many martial art disciplines incorporate grappling here and there, when it comes to BJJ, grappling is at the core of all of your training. Not familiar with grappling? Here’s what you need to know – instead of utilizing weapons or striking, grappling is all about getting your opponent to concede through physical dominance. The rules and techniques of grappling vary depending on whether one is practicing Gi or No-Gi Jiu Jitsu, as well as whether it’s being done in a sport or self-defense style. When grappling in BJJ, you’ll spend the majority of your time fighting from the ground and will likely utilize many different types of chokes.

 #### Self-Defense Made for the real world, BJJ is a form of self-defense that every person should master. BJJ focuses on ground-level altercations – utilizing holds, throws, blows, and a variety of submission techniques. This makes Jiu Jitsu ideal when learning how to take on an opponent who may be larger than you, without necessarily having to hurt them.
 #### Fitness When you think of working out, you probably think of running on the treadmill or lifting weights at the gym, right? Well, it’s time to expand your perspective. Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is one of the best ways to get in shape…and it’s way more fun than anything you’ll find in the gym. Physically, BJJ has been shown to help athletes lose weight, tone their muscles, gain newfound strengths, and sharpen their reflexes. Mentally and emotionally, BJJ boasts benefits in mental health, reduced stress levels, increased self-confidence, and a feeling of empowerment.

 #### Confidence Building Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa is dedicated to empowering you with the confidence and self-esteem needed to succeed in everyday life. Jiu Jitsu can bring out the positive qualities that have always been a part of you, whether that is inner calm, positive mental attitude, patience, or self-discipline. Jiu Jitsu training will help you overcome fear, anger, and self-doubt, and leave you feeling confident in any situation.
 #### Positive Environment You’ll love BJJ because we love BJJ. At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, we are passionate about sharing the gift of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with our community. We aim to create an environment where every single student can accomplish their goals – whatever they may be. It doesn’t matter if you’ve spent your entire life training in MMA and are exploring your newest martial arts discipline or you’re just trying to break away from the monotony of the gym, we will exceed your expectations.

 #### No Excuses! Start with a FREE Week! Sign Up Today!

 ##### Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa Special Offer ×

 #### Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa ## Get Started Today

 (909) 810-9807
 32355 Yucaipa Blvd, Unit 3 and 4, Yucaipa, California 92399
 Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!
