---
source_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com/programs/jiu-jitsu-juniors/
final_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com/programs/jiu-jitsu-juniors/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:08.725Z
---

## Jiu Jitsu Juniors
 #### Improves Self-Confidence We get it, being a kid isn’t always easy! Between homework, trying to make friends, and school bullies, there’s a lot to deal with. At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, we want to be a place of escape from all of those struggles. While the rest of the world may take a toll on your child’s confidence, we’re here to build it up. After watching hundreds of young martial artists go through our program, we have no doubt that practicing BJJ improves students’ confidence in a way that no other activity can. BJJ pushes students out of their comfort zones – helping them acquire new skills, teaching them how to defend themselves and avoid conflict, and providing them with much-needed support and guidance. Students enter our Kids BJJ program as shy and insecure children and leave as outgoing and self-assured martial artists.

 #### Teaches Discipline At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, we believe that having fun and practicing discipline go hand in hand. To create amazing martial artists, we must teach them the importance of good behavior. So…how is discipline practiced in BJJ? Practicing discipline in our school is all about carefully following your instructor’s directions, staying quiet during class, having a good attitude from the moment you enter our building, and taking accountability for your actions. After all, you can’t perfect a technique if you’re too busy talking to your friend!
 #### Instills Focus A huge part of what makes BJJ so great is that it doesn’t just strengthen the body, it strengthens the mind as well. Many parents worry that Jiu Jitsu won’t be the right fit for their child because he or she has a lot of energy. But this couldn’t be further from the truth! At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, we want our students to be energetic and excited when they come to class – our goal is simply to focus that energy. After a long day sitting at a desk, kids need a place to let loose. Our BJJ curriculum aims to take all that pent-up energy and direct it into throws, blows, and a wide variety of fun activities.

 #### Promotes Respect The martial arts provide an advantage that no other sport can boast about – the value of respect. Respect for both oneself and others is embedded into everything martial arts does. At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, students bow to their instructor at the beginning and end of class, receive constructive feedback with a positive attitude, always try their hardest, and encourage their classmates and training partners.
 #### Provides Community While the kids at school may bully or pick on you, you’ll never experience that with the kids at Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa. We are committed to creating a safe and uplifting environment for our students, and will not tolerate bullying or teasing of any kind. By signing up at Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, you are promising to uphold our values of kindness and respect. Our school is proud of our students, and we have no doubt that your child will meet their best friends here.

 #### No Excuses! Start with a FREE Week! Sign Up Today!

 ##### Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa Special Offer ×

 #### Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa ## Get Started Today

 (909) 810-9807
 32355 Yucaipa Blvd, Unit 3 and 4, Yucaipa, California 92399
 Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!
