---
source_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com
final_url: https://alliancejiujitsuyucaipa.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:07:09.933Z
---

# Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa #### I Am We Contact Us Today

 #### Welcome! ## Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa
 At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, we don’t just teach Jiu-Jitsu. We teach the many values that have been passed down for decades through the Alliance Jiu-Jitsu association:
 - Discipline - Hard work - Honor
 Our experienced and knowledgeable BJJ instructors provide the highest quality teaching. And with our community environment, leading by example is encouraged for all. “I Am We” isn’t just a motto at Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa – it’s a way of life.
 Check out our robust schedule of programs and classes, and come join us on your path to becoming a winning competitor!

 ## FREE Week Trial Martial arts can be an amazing way to relieve the stress of life. Experience this for yourself at Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa with a FREE week Trial!

 Sign Up Today!

 ## Programs If you’re looking to change your life, look no further. At Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, we provide high-quality Jiu-Jitsu education with passionate instructors, a beautiful location, and lessons that last a lifetime.

 ## Special Offers Here at Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa, your success is our first priority. Whether it’s a trial class that will kick-start your passion for martial arts or an event that will help your child come out of their shell, we’ve got you covered!

 ## Why It's Important

 ##### Discipline Through your training, you’ll develop self-control and commitment to achieving long-term goals.

 ##### Hard Work Hard work pays off, and at Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa we’ll give you the encouragement and support to keep pushing.

 ##### Honor Through our training, we pay respect to the history and honor of the Alliance team in the BJJ community.

 ##### Winning The Alliance team’s track record speaks for itself. We are winners and want to turn you into a winner.

 ##### Quality With an accomplished and decorated set of instructors, you will receive the highest-quality jiu-jitsu instruction.

 #####

 ## History of Alliance Jiu-Jitsu

 ## Dominance
 Alliance Jiu-Jitsu is one of the most storied and dominant teams in the history of BJJ. Founded in 1993 by Romero “Jacare” Cavalcanti and a group of his students, the association has an impressive and historic thirteen world championships to its name. Now, there are more than 300 Alliance affiliate academies around the globe.
 Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa was established in May 2022 by Doctor Sunny “Pin” Diego. A 3X IBJJF Pan Americans champion and 2X IBJJF American Nationals champion, Diego is an accomplished grappler. This passion for Jiu-Jitsu combined with his passion for teaching drove his desire to lead an academy and share what he has learned. Every day he aims to carry on the tradition and history of the Alliance Jiu-Jitsu name while injecting his own personal philosophies and desire to lead by example.

 ## Gallery

 ## Testimonials

 I wish that I had discovered this place sooner! Alliance consists of a great group of people who respect and help one another.

 Billy B. , Member

 The best Jujitsu school in Yucaipa and I love the team spirit we have. I highly recommend it to anyone wanting to train and learn jujitsu.

 Jimmy H. , Member

 This is a Great place to train! OSS

 Raymond T. , Member

 In 5 months my body has changed in ways that gym work can’t accomplish. I’m stronger and faster, both mentally and physically. These are amazing people.

 Teri M. , Member

 ### Contact Us Today! Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa has everything…except you! Join our community today and begin your martial arts journey!

 (909) 810-9807
 32355 Yucaipa Blvd, Unit 3 and 4, Yucaipa, California 92399
 Get Directions

 ### Alliance Jiu-Jitsu Yucaipa 32355 Yucaipa Blvd, Unit 3 and 4, Yucaipa, California 92399
 Get Directions

 ## Military and First Responder Discount Members of these amazing communities are eligible for a 20% discount!

 Learn More
