---
source_url: https://www.monarchjiujitsu.com
final_url: https://www.monarchjiujitsu.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-26T23:02:04.769Z
---

## Our Beginner offer
 Kids

 ### Try a Free Class – No Strings Attached
 Introduce your child to the exciting world of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu with a free trial class.
 ​
 What to expect:
 ​
 Monarch Jiu Jitsu provides a safe and supportive environment where kids can develop important life skills while having fun and staying active.
 What to Expect:
 A friendly class focused on learning basic BJJ techniques.
 Expert coaches experienced in working with children.
 A fun and engaging environment that builds confidence and discipline.

 OUR LOUGHREA CLASSES:
 Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 17:00
 OUR GALWAY CLASSES:
 Every Tuesday and Thursday at 16:00

 Book Now

 Adults

 ### Try a Free Class – No Strings Attached
 Discover why Jiu Jitsu is the ultimate workout for your body and mind!
 ​
 What to Expect:
 - A welcoming and supportive environment for beginners. - Professional guidance from our expert coaches across disciplines. - A chance to build confidence, improve fitness, and develop self-defense skills.
 Spots are Limited! Secure your free trial today and take the first step towards a healthier, stronger you.
 ​
 Our Beginner Friendly classes:
 Mondays:
 18:00 NoGi Jiu Jitsu
 19:30 K1
 Tuesdays:
 18:00 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gi
 19:30 K1
 Wednesday:
 18:00 NoGi Jiu Jitsu
 19:30 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gi
 Thursdays:
 18:00 K1 Kickboxing
 19:30 K1
 Fridays:
 18:00 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Gi
 19:30 NoGi Fundamentals
 Saturdays:
 K1

 Book Now

 # Experience Martial Arts: Your Journey Starts Here
 Have you ever wanted to experience martial arts but didn’t know where to start? Monarch Jiu Jitsu invites you to discover the excitement of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ), K-1 kickboxing, and Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) with your first class absolutely free. Step onto the mat, meet our coaches, and see why so many people are transforming their lives through martial arts.

 Best Value

 ## New member 6 week offer
 €75

 €

 75

 ​

 ​

 Try any of our martial arts classes for 6 weeks

 Valid for 6 weeks

 Select
 Unlimited BJJ, BJJ NoGi and MMA classes for 6 weeks

 for new members

 Best Value

 ## Kids 6 Week Beginner Offer
 €75

 €

 75

 ​

 ​

 📍 Galway City Centre: ✅ Tuesday & Thursday: 16:00
 📍 Loughrea: ✅ Monday: 17:00 ✅ Wednesday: 17:00 ✅ Friday: 17:00

 Valid for 6 weeks

 Select
 Unlimited Classes for 6 weeks

 For new members

 ## 6-Week Beginner Program – The Perfect Start

 Never tried martial arts before? This is your chance! Our 6-week beginner program is the perfect way to explore martial arts in a friendly, welcoming environment. Adults can experience Brazilian Jiu Jitsu, K-1 Kickboxing, and MMA, discovering which discipline suits them best. Kids will develop confidence, coordination, and discipline through engaging Brazilian Jiu Jitsu classes.
 ⬇️ No experience needed – choose your program below and start your journey today! ⬇️

 # About Monarch Jiu Jitsu
 Where Martial Arts Meet Passion

 At Monarch Jiu Jitsu, we’re a martial arts gym built on the belief that training should be accessible, rewarding, and grounded in real-life skills. Whether you’re here to learn self-defense, get stronger, or try something new, we’re all about making martial arts work for you.
 We blend modern values with time-tested techniques, offering a fresh approach to martial arts that fits today’s world. With passionate coaches and a focus on real progress—we’re here to support your journey, whatever your goals might be.

 ## Meet the Team
 The Faces Behind Monarch

 BJJ Head Coach

 Rowan: Finding Purpose Through BJJ

 Rowan Lovett, a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu black belt, has spent most of his life in Galway, Ireland, though he originally hails from Portland, Dorset, UK. His journey into martial arts began in the most unexpected way—when a friend showed him UFC 1 event. That one night ignited a spark, and Rowan was hooked.
 ​
 He started with Muay Thai and MMA. But when he found BJJ in 2013, everything clicked. It was one of those rare, life-changing “aha” moments. Rowan had discovered something he was truly passionate about—a discipline he knew would stay with him for life.
 ​
 Training under Eduardo Santoro’s black belt Michel ‘Durinho’ Da Silva, Rowan not only learned the techniques of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu but embraced it as a way of life. Through years of dedication, competing, and teaching, he earned his black belt and found his purpose: sharing the transformative power of BJJ with others.
 ​
 Rowan's lineage:
 Mitsuyo Maeda
 Carlos Gracie
 Helio Gracie
 Rickson Gracie
 Marcelo Bering
 Waldomiro Junior
 Max Trombini
 Eduardo Santoro
 Michel Silva “Durinho”
 Rowan Lovett
 ​
 Rowan’s teaching goes beyond technique. He believes in tailoring every student’s journey, creating custom progression plans to suit their unique goals. Whether you’re a beginner learning your first submission or an experienced competitor preparing for a tournament, Rowan is there to guide you.
 ​
 For Rowan, BJJ is more than a sport—it’s a community, a source of confidence, and a tool for self-discovery. It’s helped him find purpose, build lifelong friendships, and connect with people from all walks of life. Now, he’s dedicated to helping others find the same joy, strength, and sense of belonging on the mats.
 ​
 If you’re ready to challenge yourself, discover a supportive community, or fall in love with a martial art, Coach Rowan is here to show you how BJJ can change your life—just like it changed his.

 - -

 BJJ Coach

 Denis: 30 Years of Martial Arts

 Martial arts saved Denis—and he’s spent the last 30 years perfecting his craft to help others find the same strength and freedom it gave him.
 ​
 Growing up as a bullied, socially awkward kid, Denis turned to martial arts to survive. Over time, those early lessons in self-discipline and confidence shaped him into someone who could handle anything life threw at him. Martial arts weren’t just his escape; they became his foundation.
 ​
 Fast forward three decades, and Denis has done it all—Kung Fu, Muay Thai (his first fight was back in 1996!), Wing Chun, Kyokushin Karate, Boxing, Kempo Jujitsu (brown belt), and Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (purple belt). He even stepped into the cage for three professional MMA fights because MMA, to Denis, is the closest you can get to real-life self-defense.
 ​
 But Denis doesn’t just train. He tests. With 25 years in private security, Denis put everything he learned to work—building systems, handling conflict, and protecting people. He’s seen wild situations most of us can’t imagine, and through it all, he’s refined a practical, no-nonsense approach to martial arts that actually works when it matters most.
 ​
 And here’s the best part: Denis is obsessed with sharing what he’s learned. He’s not some guru—he’s a coach who knows what it’s like to struggle. That’s why he’s especially passionate about helping teenagers find their confidence and turn their lives around, just like he did.
 Whether you’re here to learn self-defense, challenge yourself, or just have fun, Denis will guide you every step of the way.

 K1 Head Coach

 Josh: Building Strikers from the Ground Up

 Josh brings a lifelong passion for sports and a deep background in striking to the Monarch coaching team. His combat sports journey began early, as he trained in boxing from the age of 10 until he was 14. After stepping away for a few years to compete in soccer and hurling, he returned to combat sports at 17, dedicating himself to K1 and Muay Thai. ​
 ​
 When it comes to coaching, Josh is highly experienced in developing athletes. He spent five years coaching youth soccer, guiding a team from the Under-12 division all the way up to the Under-17s. Following that, he spent another two years coaching a senior men's team. Today, he brings that extensive leadership and athletic development
 experience to his K1 and Kickboxing classes at Monarch.
 Beyond group classes, Josh is a fully qualified Personal Trainer and Sports Massage Therapist. He currently offers personal training and 1-on-1 sessions, making him an excellent resource for anyone looking to sharpen their striking technique, improve their overall fitness, or optimize their recovery.

 -

 Assistant K1 Coach

 Adam: Empowering Athletes Through K1

 Adam discovered his passion for martial arts over two and a half years ago, and it quickly became a driving force in his life. While he has always been dedicated to fitness—spending plenty of time in the gym and playing rugby throughout his youth up until the age of 16—it was stepping onto the mats where everything truly clicked. Once he found his footing in K1, he knew he had found his definitive sport.
 ​
 Working alongside Josh as our Assistant K1 Coach, Adam brings an infectious enthusiasm and dedication to the team. He transitioned into coaching fueled by a genuine desire to see others succeed and grow. For Adam, the most rewarding part of being on the mats is helping students build their confidence, watching their skills develop, and helping them discover the same deep passion for kickboxing that transformed his own training journey.

 -

 Manager

 Zlata: The Person Behind the Camera Lens

 While I may not be on the mats, I’m just as passionate about martial arts and what Monarch Jiu Jitsu represents. As the manager, I handle everything from content creation and marketing to writing, organizing, and keeping the wheels turning behind the scenes. With a background in marketing, photography, and videography, I’m also the one behind the camera, capturing all the moments that make Monarch so special.
 ​
 My goal is to make sure that every person who walks through our doors feels welcomed and informed, and that the gym runs as smoothly as possible. Whether it’s helping spread the word about our classes, building a community online, or planning events, I’m here to support our amazing coaches and students.
 ​
 I’m also our students’ biggest cheerleader—because seeing how people’s lives change for the better is the most rewarding thing ever. At Monarch Jiu Jitsu, we believe in creating a space where everyone feels like they belong, and I’m proud to be a part of making that happen.

 -

 ## Our Values
 What we believe in, what we stand for, and what drives us every day.
 ​
 Accessible Sports:
 Martial arts should be for everyone—no barriers, no exclusivity, just open doors.
 ​
 Empowerment :
 We believe in growth that builds strength, confidence, and resilience. Empowerment comes from within.
 ​
 Self-Improvement:
 Our mission is simple: to help you reclaim your power and push yourself to be better, step by step.
 ​
 The Power of Work:
 Consistency pays off. We believe in showing up, putting in the work, and seeing the results over time.
 ​
 A Modern Take on Traditional Martial Arts:
 We live in the 21st century, and we embrace it. Times and values have changed, and so have we. No masters or gurus here—just passionate coaches who’ve dedicated their lives to martial arts and are excited to share that love with you.
 ​
 Martial Arts Without the Cult:
 We’re not a family, a temple, or a mystical dojo. We’re a gym where you can connect with new people, find friends, and grow as equals. There’s no hierarchy here—just humans training together.
 ​
 Equality:
 No one is above or below anyone else. Everyone deserves respect, both on and off the mats.
 ​
 Progress:
 The world changes fast, and we move with it. We embrace innovation and adapt to whatever challenges the future brings.
 ​
 Quality Over Everything:
 If we’re going to do something, we do it with excellence. We’d rather do one thing really, really well than spread ourselves thin. Great isn’t good enough—we aim for the best.
 ​
 Boldness:
 We’re proud to be among the best, and we’re not afraid to say it. We’re loud, passionate, and confident in what we do.
 ​
 Continuous Learning:
 We never stop improving. We welcome feedback, stay open to change, and constantly look for ways to grow.
 ​
 Constant Improvement:
 Staying still isn’t an option. Stagnation kills. We push ourselves and our community to keep moving forward.
 ​
 Innovation:
 We blend the rich traditions of martial arts with modern life, using technology and fresh ideas to enhance the way we train and connect.
 ​
 Simplicity:
 Martial arts can seem complicated, but we’re here to make the difficult concepts simple and practical.
 ​
 Fun:
 Hard work doesn’t have to feel like a chore. If it’s not fun, what’s the point?
 ​
 Passion:
 We live and breathe martial arts. Sharing that passion with the world is what we’re all about.

 Timetable

 ## ABOUT BRAZILIAN JIU JITSU
 Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) is a martial art that focuses on technique over strength, using leverage, angles, and timing to control and submit an opponent. Rather than relying on strikes or kicks, BJJ emphasizes close-contact grappling, incorporating joint locks, chokes, and positional control to achieve a non-violent submission.
 Rooted in the Japanese term “Jū Jutsu” (meaning “gentle art”), BJJ offers a practical approach to self-defense while teaching discipline, focus, and problem-solving under pressure. It's not just about technique—it’s about learning how to stay calm, adapt, and use strategy to overcome challenges, both on and off the mats.
 Whether you're looking for fitness, self-defense, or a mental challenge, BJJ has something for everyone.

 Get in Touch

 ## TESTIMONIALS
 For us, the best part about being a coach is building relationships with our students and making sure they leave happy. We’ve included some of their feedback below to give a snapshot of what it’s like to work with us. If you have feedback or a testimonial you’d like to add, feel free to reach out today.

 ### Rykelmy Rodrigues
 Rowan helped me win gold in my first competition!

 I’d highly recommend rowan as a coach , mentor and friend.
 I decided to ask him for personal classes 2 weeks before my competition , very little time for any improvement so I thought. I was A totally different fighter by week two , with his patience, enthusiasm and great way of communicating I was sharper, faster and technically better therefore was able to win my first competition.
 If you are looking for a highly skilled coach to improve your mental and physical game I recommend rowan to all beginners and advanced fighters.

 # Subscribe Form
 Stay up to date

 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!

 ## GET IN TOUCH
 Questions, comments or special requests? We’d love to hear from you, so don’t hesitate to reach out today.

 Main St, Loughrea, Co. Galway

 lovett.rowan@gmail.com

 0858726203 - Rowan (English) - Telegram, WhatsApp

 - -

 Name
 Email
 Phone
 Address
 Subject
 Message
 Submit
 Thanks for submitting!
