---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetlivonia.com/adults
final_url: http://10thplanetlivonia.com/adults/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:42.893Z
---

Skip to content ## Adult Jiu Jitsu

 ## Ready for a free trial?

 Get Started

 ## Start your journey today

 ## Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals

 Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals lays the foundation for all 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu training. Beginning students will learn the building blocks of jiu jitsu and grappling, while working with more advanced students who are in class to keep their foundation solid.
 No prior experience is required to take the Fundamentals class, and no matter your fitness level, grappling will provide an intense, physically demanding workout that is sure to challenge mind and body.
 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu is designed specifically for MMA, so whether training to stay fit or conditioning to compete, the Fundamentals class is the place to start your training.

 ## For Seasoned Veterans

 ## Advanced Jiu Jitsu

 The Advanced class introduces students to the more unique and creative techniques that 10th Planet is known for, such as rubber guard, lockdown, the twister and truck. Classes focus more on the competitive, athletic side of jiu jitsu, with an emphasis on live and situational drilling, and unique techniques designed specifically for MMA. Whether you’re rolling for fun or training for a match, this is the class that will give you the competitive edge you’re looking for.

 ## Work your takedowns

 ## Wrestling

 Every Jiu Jitsu match starts standing. Learn how to effectively take down your opponents using freestyle & Greco-Roman wrestling, Judo and Sambo. Erik Paulson’s Combat Submission Wrestling (CSW) is a battle tested, combat ready method based on personal experience from one of MMA’s pioneers.
 Combat Submission Wrestling (CSW) provides skills essential for any jiu jitsu fighter seeking an edge in competition, or simply looking to improve their rolling. While the wrestling class is recommended to jiu jitsu fighters, no previous experience is necessary to take the class.

 ## FAQ

 ## ask us anything

 ### Do I need to be in shape to start? Absolutely not! The best way to get in shape for Jiu Jitsu is to start doing Jiu Jitsu. It’s not going to be easy, but our coaching staff will be there with you every step of the way!

 ### Am I Required to compete? No. We do everything in our power to help prepare our members that want to compete for upcoming tournaments, however it is not a requirement to participate in class or earn belt ranks.

 ### What classes should I start with? If you are brand new to Jiu Jitsu or martial arts, your time will be best spent in our Jiu Jitsu Fundamentals classes. They are available Monday through Saturday.

 ### What do I need for my first class? All you need is some comfortable workout clothes and a water bottle.

 ### Can I Bring a friend? Absolutely!

 ## Hear from our clients

 ### Our members love training with us, check out our Google Reviews!

 "Incredible coaches, unparalleled community. Very grateful for all my training partners who push me to grow."
 Jordan O.

 "Great school. Justin does a fantastic job with the kids classes. Nick and Taylor are tremendous with the adult classes. Adlai the owner and black belt is a fantastic highly decorated instructor who puts it all together. Facilities are clean, people are friendly, and atmosphere is great."
 Ali H.

 "Friendly staff and great environment for kids to form discipline and learn self defense tactics."
 Hector Z.

 "This place has amazing coaches, the best in Michigan! Everyone makes new people feel very welcome and they are all helpful"
 Jasmine M.

 “Highly recommend 10th planet. My son has been training with them for a year now and it’s been great experience. The staff and coaches are wonderful and they offer kids classes 4days a week which allows my child to still be able to train while partaking in other sports."
 Ryan E.

 “I’ve trained at a lot of gyms, but none of them matched 10p Livonia. Clean gym, friendly, patient staff, and beverage bar. Locker rooms have showers, so you can train at your convenience. Staff genuinely cares about helping you improve, and offers a range of classes to match any martial arts you’re looking to improve."
 Shane A.

 “What is there not to say about this place? A spectacular training experience every time I set foot in this beautiful and clean facility. Head coach Adlai Cleveland has a lifetime of knowledge and experience. All of the students are fundamentally strong jiujitsu players and everyone us incredibly kind and helpful."
 Lance M.

 “Great Curriculum and atmosphere! Plenty of people to roll with at different skill levels. I highly recommend coming here if you're wanting to try jiu jitsu."
 Aaron L.

 "I’ve trained at several Jiu Jitsu gyms over the last few years and have yet to see better instruction and camaraderie on the mats. Adlai and his team of instructors are highly knowledgeable, detail oriented and have always been welcoming to both seasoned and new students. If you’re looking for a place to start or continue training, 10th Planet Livonia is 100% the place to be."
 DJ H.

 Fill out the form below and we will set you up with a FREE TRIAL !

 CLOSE
