---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetlivonia.com/kids
final_url: http://10thplanetlivonia.com/kids/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:43.376Z
---

Skip to content ## Youth Jiu Jitsu programAge 10 & up

 ## WHY YOUR CHILD SHOULD LEARN

 ## Jiu Jitsu

 Get Started

 ## Discipline & Focus

 Nothing develops a strong work ethic and increased attention span like the rigors of martial arts training. Many kids that practice martial arts do better in school and other sports because of its structured training and emphasis on goal setting.
 Today’s generation of children spend too much time engaged with electronics. Video games, cell phones, tablets, and TV promote inactive lifestyles, aggressive behavior, and poor social skills.
 Our classes help kids channel aggression and high energy levels in a safe, fun, and engaging full body workout.

 ## Goal Setting & Work Ethic

 Our ranking system uses colored belts to signify skill level. This structure teaches your child how to set goals and provides a real sense of accomplishment when they attain a new rank. Climbing through the ranks helps develop self-confidence, discipline, self-esteem, and a sense of direction that will lead to your child becoming motivated and self-directed . We have seen how this drive to succeed can transfer over to almost any area in a child’s life, especially academic performance.

 ## confidence & Self-esteem

 By progressively setting and achieving attainable goals, your child will be surprised by what they can accomplish. This feeds their sense of self-motivation to continue working hard to see what else they are capable of achieving. As their martial arts skills grow and improve, so does their confidence and self-esteem.
 Improved confidence helps our students to be more outgoing and willing to participate in academic and social environments.

 ## Bully-proof your child

 Both of our kids programs teach students to effectively deal with bullies. We teach simple ways to control and diffuse situations in a peaceful and non-violent manner. Learning to stand up for oneself, effective verbal communication, conflict resolution skills, and the ability to negotiate will follow your child through their teenage years and into adulthood.

 ## Honor, Respect & Humility

 This aspect of sports & competition has truly been lost in American culture. Success in mainstream sports can sometimes lead to cocky, arrogant, & disrespectful athletes.
 We teach our kids to be humble in victory and to always be respectful to your training partners and opponents alike . Winning isn’t everything. Every day our kids spend on the mats, we stress the importance of learning and improving oneself above all else.
 This attitude of respect and honor is vital for children to develop healthy personal relationships and social skills at school, on the mats and at home.

 ## PARENTS LOVE OUR PROGAM

 ### YEAR ROUND TRAINING Classes are offered Monday-Thursday all year long. Develop skills that will carry over to any other sport your child plays.

 ### building well rounded children What a child learns in our Jiu Jitsu program will transfer to all aspects of their life - academically, socially & physically.

 ### better grades at school Martial art training has been proven to improve discipline, concentration and work ethic. All of which can lead to improved scholastic performance.

 ### CLASSES ARE FUN! We believe that along with dedication, having fun is the best way to learn a new skill. Classes incorporate games and physical challenges.

 ## FAQ

 ## ask us anything

 ### How long will it take for my child to receive their black belt? Kids are not awarded black belts in Jiu Jitsu. We follow the belt rank structure defined by the International Brazilian Jiu Jitsu Federation (IBJJF). The highest rank for children under 16 is green belt. Once a green belt turns 16 they will be eligible for an adult blue belt.

 ### Does my child need to come to class every day? No. Our memberships allow your child to attend unlimited classes each week. We recommend 2-3 days a week in the beginning.

 ### Am I allowed to watch class? Yes, we encourage patents to be present and attentive during class. However, we request that you only observe and refrain from coaching from the sidelines.

 ### Is my child required to compete in tournaments? No. We encourage students that are interested in competing to sign up for local tournaments, but it is not a requirement to earn belt ranks.

 ### What does my child need for their first class? All you need is some comfortable workout clothes and a water bottle.

 ## Ready for a free trial?

 Get Started

 Fill out the form below and we will set you up with a FREE TRIAL !

 CLOSE
