---
source_url: http://www.10thplanetlivonia.com
final_url: https://10thplanetlivonia.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:13:44.036Z
---

Skip to content ## Sport | Self-Defense | Fitness

 # 10th Planet Livonia

 Get Started

 # 10th Planet Livonia

 Get Started

 ### Why Train with us?

 01

 #### Expert Coaches Our coaching staff is 100% invested in the improvement of our members. We are passionate about martial arts and love teaching our students.

 02

 #### Unlimited Access All of our memberships allow you to attend unlimited classes each month. No once-a-week or twice-a-week attendance restrictions.

 03

 #### No Contracts We don't force you to sign a long term contract. All memberships renew on a month-to-month basis and can be cancelled at any time.

 ## Flexible Schedule

 ## Many options to fit your lifestyle

 ### Early Morning Classes Get your training in before work at our 6:30AM classes.

 ### Mid-Day Classes Crush your goals at our 11AM lunchtime training.

 ### evening Classes Our most popular training sessions. Multiple classes every weekday.

 ### Weekend Classes Busy during the week? Come and train on the weekend.

 ## The No-Gi Revolution

 ## What is 10th Planet Jiu Jitsu?

 10th Planet is a distinctive branch of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) developed by Eddie Bravo in 2003. 10th Planet specializes in training without the traditional Gi uniform, known as No-Gi Jiu Jitsu. This style of training was designed to make it easier to incorporate BJJ into Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) competitions like the UFC, by having fighters train in the same gear in which they would compete.

 ## Train with the best

 ## OUR Programs

 ## youth Jiu Jitsu $149 / Per Month

 AGES 10 & UP - Our kids program teaches essential self-defense skills, discipline, and builds confidence in a fun & supportive environment.
 LEARN MORE >

 ## Adult Jiu Jitsu $169 / Per Month

 Our No-Gi Jiu Jitsu program teaches a variety of grappling techniques emphasizing flow, creativity and innovative submissions for all levels.
 LEARN MORE >

 ## Adult Muay Thai $169 / Per Month

 Our kickboxing program offers high-energy workout that builds strength, endurance, and self-defense skills through powerful strikes and dynamic techniques.
 LEARN MORE >

 ## Women's Jiu Jitsu FREE Classes

 Taught by women, for women. We are proud to offer a free women's Jiu Jitsu class every Friday.
 LEARN MORE >

 ## Benefits of Jiu Jitsu & Kickboxing

 ## MIND BODY & Spirit

 Get Started

 ### Realistic Self-Defense Jiu Jitsu emphasizes leverage and technique, allowing practitioners to defend themselves against larger opponents.

 ### Lose Weight & Get in Shape Jiu Jitsu is a full body workout that improves strength, flexibility, endurance & cardiovascular health.

 ### Join a community We have worked hard to create a safe and welcoming environment for training and making new friends.

 ### Stress Relief Jiu Jitsu training can be an excellent way to manage stress & improve mental health.

 ## Hear from our clients

 ### Our members love training with us, check out our Google Reviews!

 "Incredible coaches, unparalleled community. Very grateful for all my training partners who push me to grow."
 Jordan O.

 "Great school. Justin does a fantastic job with the kids classes. Nick and Taylor are tremendous with the adult classes. Adlai the owner and black belt is a fantastic highly decorated instructor who puts it all together. Facilities are clean, people are friendly, and atmosphere is great."
 Ali H.

 "Friendly staff and great environment for kids to form discipline and learn self defense tactics."
 Hector Z.

 "This place has amazing coaches, the best in Michigan! Everyone makes new people feel very welcome and they are all helpful"
 Jasmine M.

 “Highly recommend 10th planet. My son has been training with them for a year now and it’s been great experience. The staff and coaches are wonderful and they offer kids classes 4days a week which allows my child to still be able to train while partaking in other sports."
 Ryan E.

 “I’ve trained at a lot of gyms, but none of them matched 10p Livonia. Clean gym, friendly, patient staff, and beverage bar. Locker rooms have showers, so you can train at your convenience. Staff genuinely cares about helping you improve, and offers a range of classes to match any martial arts you’re looking to improve."
 Shane A.

 “What is there not to say about this place? A spectacular training experience every time I set foot in this beautiful and clean facility. Head coach Adlai Cleveland has a lifetime of knowledge and experience. All of the students are fundamentally strong jiujitsu players and everyone us incredibly kind and helpful."
 Lance M.

 “Great Curriculum and atmosphere! Plenty of people to roll with at different skill levels. I highly recommend coming here if you're wanting to try jiu jitsu."
 Aaron L.

 "I’ve trained at several Jiu Jitsu gyms over the last few years and have yet to see better instruction and camaraderie on the mats. Adlai and his team of instructors are highly knowledgeable, detail oriented and have always been welcoming to both seasoned and new students. If you’re looking for a place to start or continue training, 10th Planet Livonia is 100% the place to be."
 DJ H.

 ## Ready for a free trial?

 Get Started

 © 2021 All Rights Reserved.

 Facebook-f Twitter

 Fill out the form below and we will set you up with a FREE TRIAL !

 CLOSE
