---
source_url: http://sharkbaitmma.com/
final_url: https://sharkbaitmma.com/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:08:59.303Z
---

### Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy ## Get in shape, build confidence, change your life My name is Anthony “Sharkbait” Gutierrez. I have been an active MMA/Jiu Jitsu competitor for 15 years! I have competed in 36 MMA fights and more than 100 Jiu Jitsu competitions. After a long career in combat sports I am using my experiences to create the best training atmosphere the market has to offer.
 Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy is a state of the art facility hosting Mixed Martials Arts classes such as Jiu Jitsu and kickboxing. We offer classes for both kids and adults catering to casual and competitive members. There are class options for the morning and evening.

 ## Check out the new place!

 ## Features At Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy, we stand apart from the crowd. Here are a few of the advantages of our martial arts training that you won’t find elsewhere:

 - - Focus Amid the distractions of social media and the demands of modern life, martial arts help you refocus. - Self-defense Martial arts is one of the best forms of self-defense training. Come see what the hype is about! - Confidence Our martial arts training will help you feel strong, supported, and successful. Join and watch your confidence soar! - Strength At Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy, we create resilient martial artists that are strong in mind, body, and spirit.

 #### Ages 13+ ### Adult Jiu Jitsu Our adult martial art classes focus on self-defense, fitness, and a wide variety of various skills and techniques. Whether you’ve never stepped foot on a mat or you've been training for years, we have the perfect class for you.
 Learn More

 #### Ages 4-13 ### Jiu Jitsu for Kids Raising a child is anything but easy – let us help you! If your child struggles to concentrate in class, is dealing with bullies at school, or can’t seem to come out of their shell, martial arts is the answer to your prayers.
 Learn More

 #### Ages 13+ ### Kickboxing Kickboxing is a group of stand up martial arts used to strike your opponent with kicks and punches.
 Learn More

 #### Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy ### Kickboxing & Jiu Jitsu Check out all the awesome classes we offer to all ages!
 Check out all the awesome classes we offer to all ages!
 Learn More

 #### Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy ### Let us know you were here! Do you still have questions about Martial Arts? We have answers!
 Do you still have questions about Martial Arts? We have answers!
 Contact Us

 #### Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy ### About Us Learn more about the team at Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy!
 Learn more about the team at Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy!
 Instructors
