---
source_url: http://sharkbaitmma.com/programs/kickboxing/
final_url: https://sharkbaitmma.com/programs/kickboxing/
fetched_at: 2026-04-27T07:09:00.955Z
---

## Sharkbait's MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy # Kickboxing Practicing Kickboxing won’t just change your body – it’ll change your life. Here at Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy, we believe that Kickboxing is for everyone, no matter your age, background, or previous athletic ability. Our teen and adult classes will teach you how to put power behind your kick, help you perfect your jab technique, and instill a newfound sense of confidence.

 ### Kickboxing Program
 #### The Benefits Of Kickboxing Kickboxing is an introspective art form that predominantly involves punching, kicking, and striking. Many parents choose to sign up their children for Kickboxing at Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy because it teaches confidence, perseverance, and self-defense skills.
 #### Self Defense Kickboxing at Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy in Blue Springs is also a great atmosphere to be in where you can succeed, gain self-esteem, and learn to never give up. We give you the skills you need to feel confident in your ability to defend yourself against any threat. We practice and practice to ensure that your muscles and body remember how to defend and counter any aggressor.

 #### Fitness One of the main benefits of Kickboxing is improving your strength and balance. Kickboxing consists of punching and kicking, which helps practitioners strengthen both upper and lower body muscles. Kickboxing utilizes your core strength while working on your flexibility and power. Kickboxing Arts can also help greatly improve coordination and endurance.
 #### Weight Loss Obesity is a serious problem in the United States, so a brand new workout to your routine will greatly help. At Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy, we know the importance of a healthy mind and body, so introducing yourself to Kickboxing is a great way to combat obesity and promote weight loss. In Kickboxing, you’ll burn hundreds of calories in each class, develop lean muscles, and boost flexibility. Kickboxing is a high-energy training class that is great for weight loss.

 #### Confidence Building/Good Example Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy is dedicated to empowering you with the confidence and self-esteem needed to succeed in everyday life. Kickboxing can bring out the positive qualities that have always been a part of you, whether that is inner calm, positive mental attitude, patience, or self-discipline. Kickboxing will help you overcome fear, anger, and self-doubt, and leave you feeling confident in any situation.
 #### Variety Workouts/Stress Relief Kickboxing helps build mental toughness, teaches the value of hard work, and gives you the persistence you need in everyday life. Many members at Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy have said that Kickboxing is also a great stress relief from school or work because it helps take their mind off problems they are facing so they can focus all their thoughts on striking the target in front of them. It is a workout where you have to have the endurance to execute all the various kicks and punches until the end of class. By engaging your brain during class, Kickboxing can help provide a completely different workout that you won’t find anywhere else.

 #### Community In Kickboxing, students are taught how to help each other out in class. Whether that is to help hold boards to break or targets for you to kick to even being sparring partners. By creating a bond of trust and reciprocation, you and your sparring partner can then practice various striking combinations on each other and see how to make them work. Members at Sharkbait’s MMA & Jiu Jitsu Academy have become close friends and help each other reach their goals.

 #### Contact Us Today! Sign Up

 ##### Join Today ×
